


```text
[451] The Beginning of Change (3)

After midnight.

At the point where the war with heaven was approaching, Kuan felt his chest ache.

It's not death that I'm afraid of.

What I'm really afraid of is breaking.

In everyone's head, in the hearts of the living and the dead, it was a broken sword.

'I can't go on like this. I have to get stronger.'

It was a thought he realized in the battle with the mineral species Ringer.

He managed to catch it with Ethela's yin-yang wave fist, but he should have cut it in two with his own sword.

Especially, what bothered him was Shiina.

He was bothered by the fact that he couldn't show his skills in front of her.

"Good job. Then let's start the operation tomorrow."

At the end of the hallway, the door opened and Shiina came out.

It was time for people in combat positions to rest, but those in charge of strategy had meetings until dawn.

Kuan stared blankly at Shiina, who was chatting with a smile on her face with the rebel commanders.

She thought she had a cold personality, but she was a woman who knew how to smile beautifully in business matters.

'Different from me.'

Dealing with people was always tiring, and the only acquaintance he knew was his childhood friend Kiyora Ellis.

Shiina's unexpectedness was a different pleasure for him.

Shiina, who was laughing, met eyes with Kuan.

She raised her eyebrows as if surprised that he was awake at this time.

She lifted her mouth slightly and bowed her head.

Kuan also bowed politely.

And just as he was about to say something, Armin from Kwangan came out of the conference room.

The relationship between him and Armin did not improve at all while traveling through countless hunting grounds in hell, but Shiina was different.

The process of going through battles and meetings all night seemed to have loosened up the cold relationship between the two.

Even he, who was dull to emotions, could tell that Shiina's expression was different when she looked at him.

A bit of distance.

But even that was a look that showed their trust.

Shiina turned around following Armin and looked back at Kuan as if she realized it late.

He didn't want to receive her greeting at this moment.

* * *

Kuan had insomnia.

The nightmare of losing Achilles to Pungjang pressed him down again on the scissors.

"Huck! Huck!"

Kuan, who returned to reality, grabbed his head.

"Damn it!"

Didn't he give up everything? Didn't he come here to make heaven his grave and swing his last sword?

'I'm losing my resolve. I can't go on like this.'

Kuan took his sword and went outside.

It was time for everyone to sleep, but he found a place where people wouldn't come as much as possible and vaguely drew his sword.

Only sword.

He thought he could live swinging his sword for a lifetime.

Some say it's just enough to swing it. Just cut it fast and strong, they ask.

Kuan had no intention of making them understand.

He didn't want to prove the bitter pain contained in the iron piece that only those who held a sword could know, the ordeal of a thousand fears, and the life of hardship.

A gust of wind cut through the darkness. He moved forward while cutting through the air like that.

His limping legs were heavy as a thousand pounds, but he clenched his teeth and swung his sword handle.

'Move! Move!'

No matter how hard he tried, his leg without Achilles tendon did not come into his mind.

"Damn it!"

Kuan's breathing became rougher and rougher.

The moment his legs cramping couldn't support his body, his body flew up.

-Kuan is good at using swords.

Holding a sword was a very trivial occasion.

At first, I thought I could do anything. The idea is free to the extreme, and the movement is bizarre.

To him, the sword was a dream, a mission, and a desire that could accomplish everything.

"Keeeeee!"

As Kuan's body rotated as soon as it landed, a sharp wind swept all around.

Only sword remained. The only thing left in his hand that couldn't hold anything was still cold iron.
```
[Translated block]


That's why I can't let go of it.

The only thing I can do is cut, and that's the only thing I thought was my value of existence.

'I am a sword. Only a sword.'

The more he tried to deny it, the more he swung his sword irritably at the face of a woman who flickered in his mind.

Why is that?

It was the first time he felt his sword was so insignificant.

'What is this?'

For the first time since he was born, when he was away from his sword, paradoxically, Kuan transcended a realm.

The external gravity that radiated and converged oscillated faster than the fastest keyboard that humans could play, and hundreds of gravities intertwined to create turbulence.

Rotation was added to rotation and rotation was added to rotation, and Kuan's sword swung.

A storm-like wind pushed the atmosphere away and the air cut the air, creating a sonic boom.

'Oliver Shina....'

The realm soared endlessly. Yet he did not feel the thrill of the past.

The more he wanted to let go of the sword he couldn't let go of, new swords continued to open, but he couldn't find the thrill of the past.

'Let's get a grip. You have to get rid of such vain hopes.'

With his bleeding hand, Kuan clenched his sword.

He is nothing without a sword.

Even the phantom who smiled beautifully in the air, didn't she come to me after seeing my sword?

"I am a sword demon."

He bit his teeth and advanced.

The whirlwind he created with a diameter of tens of meters swept the vacant lot as it moved.

Kuuuuuuuuuu!

The huge whirlwind split into hundreds of small whirlwinds and spread in all directions.

In the wind compressed like a mirage, Kuan stopped in place and lowered his sword.

Whoooooo!

The sword mark on the ground was revealed.

The place where the wind disappeared was completely destroyed by the traces of the sword.

"Haaaaa...."

Kuan looked up at the sky with a sigh of exhaustion.

The blood that flowed from his palm was sucked by the blade.

He felt a faint sign of the sun beyond the mountains.

It was definitely a time when no one had opened their eyes yet.

In that time, Kuan looked at where Shina was sleeping.

That night, Kuan surpassed three realms, and Shina fell into a comfortable sleep without knowing what realm a man had reached for her.

* * *

"Tagis production is complete."

Mitegun reported to Frank Wein, the leader of Night Vision.

Just 3 days

Night Vision produces all kinds of military supplies, but no one expected them to produce a large Tagis in just 3 days.

Frank Wein puffed on his cigarette and said,

"Those are crazy. Black Elixir 138? What are they doing?"

Mitegun didn't understand either.

"It's not only the number of elixirs, but also using them whole for Tagis production. With 100 black elixirs, you could be one of the strongest in the mainland."

Frank Wein clicked his tongue.

"That's why you can't do it. That's only true in tens of units, but if you exceed 100, you're just the strongest. Anyway, they must have bigger dreams than the mainland. Like me."

Mitegun paused for a moment and asked,

"What are you going to do now? Night Vision has suffered a lot because of Laysis' death."

"If Laysis is gone, I'll get it from other guys. First send Tagis. There's no point in bothering them. I'll weed out the competent ones and negotiate later."

"Okay."

Mitegun followed orders and selected only the strongest among his subordinates to transport Tagis to the First Military Command Headquarters.

The rail installed on the mountain range behind Night Vision's munitions factory was only used when handling special items, and there were as many as 30 people in charge of transportation alone.

Several giant containers ran in line when suddenly there was an explosion and the iron rail tore apart.

One container derailed and fell to the ground, and Night Vision's guards jumped out with superhuman movements.
[Translated block]


"What? Is it a raid?"

"Maybe not. Who would dare to mess with the Night Vision?"

The security captain gave instructions.

"First, hold your position. Securing the goods is the priority."

What was in the container was a top-secret that even the transporters didn't know.

Therefore, if they were raiders, they were likely to be maggots who just jumped in with the feeling of opening a treasure chest.

"Wow, this is a real catch?"

But the security guards' expectations were completely wrong.

First of all, the raiders didn't care whether there was treasure or shit in the container. More than anything, their skills were different from those of maggots.

"I'm sorry for interrupting you while you're busy. We have something to see over there for a moment."

An old man walked slowly with one hand behind his back.

He looked like he had some skills, but the security guards were also elites selected from the Night Vision, so they looked puzzled.

But the next moment, all 30 security guards raised their spirits and stared at the front.

In the forest that was laid out on all sides, not only strong but also those who exuded aura revealed themselves.

Exactly 21 people.

It was Cage B team of Thor Mia Magic Association, who had been tracking Night Vision to eliminate Gaold.

"Fight. Get ready."

At the captain's words, all the security guards clenched their mouths.

The neck became abnormally thick, and all parts of the body began to swell accordingly.

As the clothes tore, various skin colors were revealed, and various biological weapons created through human experiments showed themselves.

A human resembling a crocodile, a human resembling a wolf, a human whose face turned into a snake, etc. The shapes were different, and the characteristics of each individual were engraved all over the body.

Aroella of Chloride twisted her neck as if to break it.

"What is this, a zoo?"

"Krrr! You dare attack Night Vision. I'll swallow you all to the bone."

As the man with a snake's face opened his mouth and ran, countless beasts followed him.

Their physical abilities, which had raised their telomere levels to level 5 through trade with Racis, were comparable to those of Kergo's chief.

Aroella lit up Chloride's flames and the security guards scattered in all directions at once.

They could tell that they were trained in an organized way, but none of Cage B team flinched.

Metal magician Roche sneered and stepped forward.

He was friends with Tarvan but looked much younger, and had a red tattoo symbolizing a dragon on his cheek.

Iron Cutter!

As metal magic, which belonged to a very peculiar category among magic systems, was cast, iron blades swept around.

"Kraaaaa!"

As soon as the battle started, more than 10 security guards were cut down, and the remaining members of Cage B team started their activities.

"What are these things......"

The captain couldn't believe what he saw.

Even those who belonged to the best warriors in Night Vision were killed without even lifting a finger.

'Does it mean that even telomere level 5 can't handle it?'

Then he couldn't handle them either.

If there was anyone who could handle them, it was only Frank Wine, the captain of Night Vision, or Meat Gun.

'First of all, reporting is first......!'

The captain turned his body using his subordinates as shields.

He ran without caring about the screams from behind him, but it was already too late.

"Hey~!"

He had vowed never to look back.

But in the end he turned his head. Because he read the death in the man's voice.

The first thing that came in was all his subordinates who had already become corpses. Then came Tarvan's mocking sneer mixed with ridicule from midair.

"Hey, wait a minute!"

At the same time as the captain reached out his hand, Tarvan's hands stretched out toward him.

Kaiser Blast.

"Uh......!"

The moment the captain flailed his arms as his breath suddenly choked off, his body exploded from within.

Pop!
[Translated block]


As the bodies poured out like dead fireworks, Tarvan took out a cigarette and lit it.

"Whew, we managed to sweep them up for now. But do you really think the Goa'uld will come alone? He's not stupid, even if he's crazy. He can't handle Cage B by himself."

"He will come."

Team leader Rose checked the contents of the container and said.

"Because this is everything to him."
[Translated block]