


[636] The Last Gate (2)

"You're the hardest to handle!"

Ignoring the silent outcry of the eliminated, Nade approached Shirone.

"I'm sorry."

"It's okay. Let's fight with all our might."

"No. That's not what I mean."

The activity of the electricity that was wrapping around Nade's body dropped, and it flickered as if it was falling asleep.

It was strange in itself that he had perfectly controlled the magic, and the power exerted from there was beyond imagination.

"You are blessed, Shirone."

Shirone did not answer.

"You could have done whatever you wanted. There would be no one to blame even if you failed, and everyone around you would have been cheering for you."

Nade started walking, turning his body.

"But do you know? While you were fiercely fighting and accumulating the experience of victory, someone was screaming in pain, deprived of even the opportunity to fight fiercely."

Nade's steps stopped.

"Effort? Experience? If you think you've done your best with just that, you're foolish."

Nade finished his determination.

"The reason I'm saying this is because you might not be able to hear it if it's not now. If you fight with me, you might die."

The resentment against the world, the nameless anger, woke up the monster in Nade's heart.

"Give up. This is the last warning. You can't beat me."

"Yeah. I'll give up."

The Colosseum buzzed.

"If that can relieve your pain, if you can be happy, I can give up anytime."

Nade clenched his teeth and bowed his head.

"......That's why you're foolish."

Nade, who had closed the gap in an instant with spark magic, reached out in front of Shirone.

"You said you had no roots. But you don't know how beautiful what you have is. Is it nothing to be the first in the graduation exam for a friend?"

"No. It's an important test for me too. Maybe it's more important than a friend. But......"

Shirone was sincere.

"It's not more important than a friend's pain."

'That's why I hated it.'

That's why it was so hard to fight with Shirone.

When he was with Shirone, it felt like his disgusting jealousy and anger towards the world became too clear.

"Stop babbling!"

Shirone, who was hit in the face by Nade, spun around and fell to the ground.

"You're always like that! Do you think I'll be moved if you say that? Do you think everything goes as you wish in the world!"

"If you put your mind to it, you can do anything!"

Shirone, who stood up with both arms on the ground, shouted.

"So fight with all your might! Don't ruin your life because of that little anger!"

"That little anger?"

As Nade's sanity was cut off, the electricity from his body surged up and erupted in the form of a thunder god.

"That little anger?"

Kaaaaaaa!

As the electric roar exploded, the audience covered their ears.

-I'll kill them all!

When Nade's hatred was realized through magic, Shirone also activated his magic to counter it.

The collision of the thunder god and the angel of light, which filled the Colosseum, made all sorts of simulation numbers jump in the analyst's brain.

"It's similar, but different."

Light and electricity.

In the brilliant magic battle that reflects each other's characteristics, not only the audience but also the scouts lost their minds.

The hostility of the thunder god was so violent that even the angel of light had to give in, but to Liz, it seemed like she could hear the scream of Nade's roar.

'Nade, don't lose hope.'

The fact that he had perfectly controlled the magic itself showed an unprecedented genius.

But he doesn't shine like Shirone.

-Kill them all! Friends, family, humans, all disappear from my sight!

As Nade's hatred woke up the monster in his heart through magic, Shirone also activated his magic to counter it.

The Colosseum was filled with the collision of the thunder god and the angel of light, and all sorts of simulation numbers jumped in the analyst's brain.

"It's similar, but different."

Light and electricity.

In the brilliant magic battle that reflects each other's characteristics, not only the audience but also the scouts lost their minds.

The hostility of the thunder god was so violent that even the angel of light had to give in, but to Liz, it seemed like she could hear the scream of Nade's roar.

'Nade, don't lose hope.'

The fact that he had perfectly controlled the magic itself showed an unprecedented genius.

But he doesn't shine like Shirone.

-Kill them all! Friends, family, humans, all disappear from my sight!
[Translated block]


"I won't leave it like that!"

Shirone, who had retreated to the end of the Colosseum, anchored his feet to the ground and activated Quantum Superposition.

"I'm going to be a wizard!"

A 300-layer photon cannon bombarded the Colosseum like a meteor shower.

- A wizard or something...!

Nade shed tears of blood and discharged electricity.

"I'm a monster!"

The moment Shirone saw Nade's face emerging from the pouring flashes, tears welled up in his eyes.

'No, Nade. You're not a monster.'

As the audience held their breath at Nade's scream of calling himself a monster, Baikal opened his mouth.

"If you had received proper education."

If he had been given the opportunity to hone his magic to the best of his ability amidst everyone's encouragement and support.

"The talent that would have eventually been reached."

Who made Nade a monster?

'I'm sorry, Nade.'

Borum couldn't lift his head, feeling as if everyone around him was looking at him.

"......No."

On the other hand, Teria still squinted her scary eyes and denied her son's pain to the end.

"It's not my fault."

The collapsed brain, unrecognizable in shape, projected Nade's hatred and formed a huge electrical net.

"I thought he was always a bright child."

At Olivia's words, Alpheus gave a bitter smile.

"He wasn't always like that when he was young. He did well. It's a miracle that he lived a normal life while embracing magic."

"It's a pity. If only I had known a little earlier......"

"No. I want to believe that it's not over yet."

Alpheus did not give up.

"When you get tired of getting angry, you become an adult. But youth doesn't know compromise. Being angry means there's still desire in your heart."

The purebloodism of youth, hoping for not a single blemish in life.

That's why Nade, who ruined most of his life with hatred, might be more painful now.

-I'm a monster!

Just by the movement of the electricity filled in the Colosseum, Shirone's mental strength was continuously decreasing.

'Kuh! It's really amazing magic!'

-Who can understand my anger!

Young Nade, caught by the thieves, had to be hung upside down over a pit full of thorns with his hands and feet tied.

As he was tortured with only one rope bitten in his mouth, his mind was slowly going crazy.

When he could no longer hear the voices of ridicule, Nade, who had half lost consciousness, dreamed of swimming in the vast sea.

He could see the land far away, but no matter how much he floundered, he couldn't move forward in the terrible nightmare.

-Nade. Nade.

The nightmare of the time trapped in Nade's unconsciousness began to reveal itself again through the body of the brain.

-Save me, Nade.

Teria, who came up like a water ghost on the surface of the water, pressed down on Nade's back.

'Swim! Let's go together, mom!'

-I don't want to do anything. So you save me.

'I'm too tired to do it!'

-It's okay if you're tired. Because I have to be happy. Because it feels best when I'm happy.

"Ugh!"

As if he was still biting the rope, Nade clenched his teeth until his molars broke.

'I want to live! I want to live too!'

-That's right. So keep swimming! Save me.

'I don't want to anymore! I'm not going to swim!'

-Then we die together. Your life is over too.

"Aaaaaah!"

Waiting for parents who will never return, Nade wanted to let go of the rope in his mouth.

Really...... he wanted to let go.

"What do you know!"

Shirone wouldn't know.

What kind of pain it is to live a lifetime without cutting off rotten roots.

"How would you know!"

As the brain's electricity intensified, the shock wave of anti-magic rushed in at a tremendous speed.

There was nowhere to avoid it anymore.
[Translated block]


\"Yeah, I don't know! But you can't give up!\"

Through the voice of the brain god, the scene where Nade's life is vividly relayed, Shiro's heart was also painfully torn.

\"Fight to the end! I mean, you have to struggle to the end!\"

Nade's face was grotesquely distorted.

'Don't talk nonsense!'

Why wouldn't he want to live?

But even if he fights fiercely, all he gets is Teria's satisfying laughter, and his heart will get sicker.

\"I'm going to die! I'm going to destroy everything and die in the most painful way!\"

He's going to die.

If he could make them suffer by shifting responsibility to himself and escaping from life, nothing else mattered.

\"And you're still struggling? You don't know anything, tell me to fight more!\"

\"Yeah! Fight!\"

\"Why! Why me! Only I'm in pain, why!\"

When the brain god's electric shock was inflicted with unprecedented power, Shiro's mental strength, which boasted strong durability, was shaken.

\"You idiot! Why don't you know!\"

But the only thing that could endure was that if he fell like this, no one could stop Nade's ruin.

\"If you don't fight... even if you struggle...\"

Tears flowed from Shiro's eyes.

\"You're going to sink!!\"

As the unprecedented magic was cast, numerous Shiros began to overlap at one coordinate.

Quantum Superposition - Wheel of Aerial Attack.

At first, it's a double overlap.

Shiro, who spread the force dimension, is the base, and the newly overlapped Shiro activates the quantum superposition again.

Then what will be the result?

Miro, who knew the answer, squinted his eyes and shouted.

\"You're crazy! What are you thinking about doing that!\"

The events that occur in the force dimension are independent, so even if you repeat the overlap once, control is impossible.

In other words, it was a fractal of aerial attack.

'How are you going to control it?'

Even Shiro himself could not know how many events were overlapping.

Some Shiros will stop overlapping, but if one of the thousands makes a different judgment, the fractal structure will start again from there.

In the end, it gets trapped in the so-called quantum bubble phenomenon where it can't do anything but overlap.

\"Kuuuuuuuu!\"

All Shiros lost their activity due to the weight of endlessly overlapping events, but they desperately waited for the limit of control.

'I can do it. I can integrate.'

As the number of events increases, the number of variables also increases, and those variables will exponentially increase the number of variables that will occur in the future.

'It's now!'

The moment Shiro reached the limit of variables that could be controlled at all times, he glared at the world with his eyes wide open.

Ultima System - Elysion.

The integrated Shiro stopped the activation of the quantum superposition and looked up at the world at the same time, and Miro trembled.

'There was such a way.'

To others, it was one Shiro, but Miro could definitely feel the terrifying presence contained within.

'Also, this is probably the true ability of the McClain Giffin...'

Quantum oscillation.

'Live! Live, Nade!'

As Shiro, who flew into the sky, compressed the photons, a huge sphere of light shook as if a hole had been pierced in the sky.

The power of the god particle brought up from the realm of aerial attack was comparable to the realm of threefold that Miro had reached.

The scouts who touched the realm of the avatar accepted the huge phenomenon, losing even the will to analyze.

'Ah, God. Is that so?'

Alpheus shed tears of emotion.

'Am I... okay like this?'

The light of the Mirhi family.

The mistake he made in his youth left him with a sense of guilt for betraying the talent given by God, tormenting his life.

But now, the genius who surpassed himself, who had been waiting so long after founding the magic school, appeared.

'The true light does not go out in the dark. I am just a tool to illuminate that light.'

He couldn't even know how many events were overlapping inside Shiro, who looked like one Shiro to others.

'Some Shiro will stop overlapping, but if one of the thousands makes a different judgment, the fractal structure will start again from there.'

In the end, it gets trapped in the so-called quantum bubble phenomenon where it can't do anything but overlap.

\"Kuuuuuuuu!\"

All Shiros lost their activity due to the weight of endlessly overlapping events, but they desperately waited for the limit of control.

'I can do it. I can integrate.'

As the number of events increases, the number of variables also increases, and those variables will exponentially increase the number of variables that will occur in the future.

'It's now!'

The moment Shiro reached the limit of variables that could be controlled at all times, he glared at the world with his eyes wide open.

Ultima System - Elysion.

The integrated Shiro stopped the activation of the quantum superposition and looked up at the world at the same time, and Miro trembled.

'There was such a way.'

To others, it was one Shiro, but Miro could definitely feel the terrifying presence contained within.

'Also, this is probably the true ability of the McClain Giffin...'

Quantum oscillation.

'Live! Live, Nade!'

As Shiro, who flew into the sky, compressed the photons, a huge sphere of light shook as if a hole had been pierced in the sky.

The power of the god particle brought up from the realm of aerial attack was comparable to the realm of threefold that Miro had reached.

The scouts who touched the realm of the avatar accepted the huge phenomenon, losing even the will to analyze.

'Ah, God. Is that so?'

Alpheus shed tears of emotion.

'Am I... okay like this?'

The light of the Mirhi family.

The mistake he made in his youth left him with a sense of guilt for betraying the talent given by God, tormenting his life.

But now, the genius who surpassed himself, who had been waiting so long after founding the magic school, appeared.

'The true light does not go out in the dark. I am just a tool to illuminate that light.'"
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]