


[421] From Heaven (3)

A fierce final battle erupted in the Great World War.

Arius, who was shot by electricity, flew 10 meters and rolled on the floor.

The magic of diving into his own thoughts, Apotosis, trapped him in a concept of eternity where time did not exist.

It was a kind of mental death, and the shock when he actually came back was incomparable to the fear of a newborn baby.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

Arius could not stop screaming.

Everything was confusing and anxious.

Only the faint traces left in his memory vaguely told him who he was.

At the edge of oblivion, a thin intelligence flowed in and connected with his memory.

He remembered the scene where he cast magic to avoid Walker's sword at the Kazra Royal Palace.

'Damn, I can't even do this.'

Arius, who wiped off the saliva dripping from his chin and got up, doubted the unfamiliar scenery.

"Where is this...?"

If someone who pulled him out of Apotosis was one of the Magic 7 Girls, then it should be their secret hideout that no one knows, but the scenery he saw was completely different.

All kinds of iron-colored machines were shining and working beyond common sense.

"Are you the guy who calls himself a tomb raider?"

Arius looked back with an unpleasant expression.

But he soon had to lower his head, and his pupils contracted with surprise.

The halo above his head, the wings of light that were several times bigger than his body.

It was an angel.

'Why is there an angel...?'

The moment he wondered, he quickly pressed down on the Flicker magic battery.

He had to run away.

He thought about it later.

When his body turned into light, Uriel's hand flew in faster than an instant.

"Kuk!"

Arius, who was grabbed by the neck, flailed in the air at a height of 3 meters.

It didn't feel like his neck was choked, but his neck bone was grabbed.

"Sa, save me...!"

Uriel slapped Arius and threw him to the ground.

"Kuk!"

He arched his back like a bow and moaned in pain.

Then he knelt on one knee with difficulty and looked up at the angels.

"Damn it, what are you guys?"

"The angel of destruction, Uriel."

"U, Uriel?"

One of the eight archangels in heaven.

Arius quickly scanned his surroundings.

He realized that it was the Great World War after grasping the machines, devices, and galaxy mirror.

'Then the one next to him is Kariel...'

If there were two archangels, even Arius of Magic 7 Girls would have no chance of getting out of here alive on his own.

"I have something to show you."

Kariel lifted Arius into the air and flew to the front of the galaxy mirror and threw him again.

"Kuk!"

He fell from his vital point and gasped for breath, then realized that someone was in front of him and lifted his head with difficulty.

A girl was sitting cross-legged.

"A human?"

Uriel said.

"Adrias Miro."

Arius's eyes were engulfed in shock.

"Mi, Miro? This girl?"

Miro was an unforgettable name for scale magicians.

But even Arius, a tomb raider, saw her face for the first time.

She looked like this.

Ordinary, a girl you can see anywhere in the world. If you meet her on the street, you might turn your eyes for a moment.

But all the adjectives attached to her were best, last, final, strongest, etc., all of them top-notch.

So Arius couldn't help but stare at her face as if he was fascinated by her closed eyes and weak appearance.

Beautiful, just by existing.

He quickly came to his senses and analyzed the situation based on existing information.

Archangel, Great World War, Miro.

'Damn it. Did I end up coming here?'

Miro being in heaven meant that the final war was imminent.

'What's going on? Do they know this in the original world?'

Possible next messages from user or assistant:
[Translated block]


I wanted to talk to Miro, but she showed no signs of waking up.

Arius looked back at Kariel and asked.

"Did you put her to sleep?"

"No. Miro is in the dimension of horror. You should be able to restore her to her original state."

'Horror...'

Arius's face twisted.

'Damn! It's a mirror of illusion.'

Now he began to get a rough idea.

Once he entered the mirror of illusion, Miro would be impossible to kill. And that was why the grave robbers had called him here.

"Destroy Miro's horror."

Arius snorted.

He had instinctively said to save him when he was caught by Uriel, but death was not his priority for him who had regained his intellect.

If he took Miro out of the horror, Miro's spacetime would be destroyed and all that remained was the extinction of humanity.

'I don't really care, but I don't like it when things go their way.'

But he had no intention of giving up.

It was nothing less than exploring the mind of one of the greatest magicians in human history.

He wanted to know, what was in this woman's head.

What she liked, what she hated, what she felt ashamed of, and what secrets she had to take to the grave.

"Destroy the mirror of illusion?"

Arius frowned and said.

"Are you kidding me right now?"

"If you can't, you die."

"You don't think that's a threat, do you? This woman is the strongest scale magician in human history. Anyone who dives in other than me will be crushed by the egoist."

"Then you have no choice but to die."

As Kariel reached out his hand, Arius raised both hands as if to calm him down.

"Wait. I'm not saying I won't do it. I just need to find a way around it."

"Around? The mind?"

"It's no use diving in right now anyway. I'll be swept away by the mirror of illusion. But what about Dremo? Any thoughts will flow into Dremo, where I'll collect Miro's mind. There I'll find a powerful keyword that can break the mirror of illusion."

"Keyword?"

"Every human has a trauma. A trauma that makes you stop breathing as soon as you think of it. You make a strong net out of those things and throw it into the abyss. Then pull it? The big fish called Miro will be hooked."

Kariel stared blankly at Arius, who was babbling excitedly.

Are you sane? He was so enthusiastic about destroying humanity.

'I can't understand them, these human beings.'

Arius made a condition.

"But Dremo is a multidimensional structure, so it's not a place where you can investigate at will. So give me some information. You guys must know something."

"Hmm."

Suddenly Kariel's glory body expanded into a wheel.

As Arius's face turned pale, a dark sphere broke through space and was born.

"Come out, Brahma."

"Kiiiiii!"

The beak came out first, followed by the red-skinned face.

The eyes were slit with hatred and the teeth were irregular with ferocity.

In front of his forehead were three triangles that glowed and beyond his crown was a brain that was connected, but unlike humans who had cerebrospinal fluid in their skulls, it flowed down like hair and reached the toes of his small body.

Kariel's relative, Triangular Mara Brahma.

In some parts of the human world, he was called the god of creation.

"Humble Brahma, I greet Lord Kariel, the archangel."

"Follow that human into Dremo. Whatever he wants to investigate, cooperate."

Arius looked incredulous.

'Damn, Brahma?'

It was shocking for him as a magician that the god of intellect who appeared in mythology was such a mongrel.

But he quickly regained his composure.

This was an opportunity.

With the knowledge of Triangular Mara, he could access deeper parts of Dremo that humanity could not reach.

'Hehehe, the god of magic smiles at me.'
[Translated block]


```
Arius approached Miro.

He was going to tear apart everything about her.

And when he came back, he would be the god of the world.

"Let's go. Heaven seems to be quite busy."

Brahma stretched out a strand of brain fluid and pushed it into Miro's brain through her mouth.

The area of the brain that controls Dremo was activated, and a small space-time tunnel appeared in front of him.

Arius flew in without hesitation, and Brahma followed him.

"Hoo."

Only after the space-time tunnel closed did Cariel collapse.

Summoning the three Mara was tantamount to squeezing out all the remaining power.

"Are you okay?"

"The power will come back over time. As long as Miro wakes up, humans are done. I'll probably get a right to propose at the Archangel Council."

"It might not succeed. According to the law of kinship, Brahma is not in a normal state either."

The sum of the abilities of the three Mara that an angel can summon can never surpass the angel's ability.

This follows the principle that no acquired concept can appear without a preceding concept.

This is the law of kinship.

With Cariel's presence weakened, Brahma, the three Mara, could not exert his full power either.

"It doesn't matter. Brahma is a being born by imitating my intelligence anyway. He can make a decision that 10,000 careful humans have made through compromise in one second. It will take some time, but he will be able to do it."

It will take time. But what does it matter to him?

Anyway, that was the last time left for humanity.

* * *

The strategy room was engulfed in silence.

Niflheim.

A place where even the borderers of the mainland were forbidden to approach, and the only beings that lived there were evil spirits that were once objects of fear for humans.

Crud gave realistic advice as always.

"I'm telling you clearly, but it's too dangerous. Considering the value of Black Elixir, many people should challenge it, but it's been cut off since thousands of years ago. There's one reason. Because you die if you go. So choose well."

Sein asked.

"Do you think we have a choice? In this situation?"

"We can maintain an alliance even if we don't go to Niflheim. The opportunity is not only now. But it means that these three conditions must be met if the First Command wants to go to war."

It takes a long time to choose a safe way. On the contrary, it was too dangerous to choose a fast way.

"Gaold, what are you going to do?"

Sein handed over the judgment to the commander.

But in reality, it was just a matter of courtesy. There was only one thing he could choose in a situation where he had no way of knowing Miro's life or death.

"We're going to Niflheim."

"Hmm."

Crud's sigh lasted long.

"I rate you highly. That's why I want to stop you. It's also a good way to use the light of Area 73 to increase the size of the rebels. Why are you impatient? Is there any special reason?"

Impatience leads to mistakes.

Gaold also knew that fact, so he was desperately trying to maintain his composure.

But objectively speaking, time was not enough.

They couldn't kill Miro who entered Sammaekyung in heaven, but they weren't also guys who would do such things without any countermeasures.

"I don't know anything about that. Just meet the three conditions as soon as possible. Then there's no complaint, right?"

"Of course. If possible."

Crud was skeptical until the end.

"Now we're going to split up teams. Me, Gangnan, Zulu go into Niflheim."

Sein asked.

"Then what about the rest?"

"Armin, Shiina, Etela, Kuan take care of the supply community. Shirone and Plu persuade the Second Command. This is the only way for now."

It was also a personnel distribution that divided as much as possible considering the difficulty of the mission in Sein's opinion.

"Then I'll stay here and make a strategy. I also need to figure out how to operate planets."
```

What do you think? Is this an interesting story?
[Translated block]


To make God's punishment hit Aravot properly, a precise forecast of the landing point was needed. To do that, the first thing that had to be done was to understand the planetary motion.

"Are you really going, to Niflheim?"

Crud could not understand Shiro's party.

Even if 10 people rushed in together, or even if they asked for support from the rebels, it would not be enough in this situation. And they wanted to split the team.

"Are you guys sane?"

Gaold said as he left his seat.

"No."

(End of volume 17)
[Translated block]