


[203] 2. Turbulent Times (3)

"Krrrr! This can't be! How can I be defeated by this...!"

Tabu curled up his body with all his might.

As the powerful physical force pulled the chain, Siroene felt a resistance in his brain.

It was an astonishing strength.

Siroene increased the tensile strength of the Shining Chain with his indestructible durability.

Tabu's body stretched out as he let out a scream of rage.

"Kraaaaa!"

The price of resistance was high. The light chain broke through Tabu's hard surface and penetrated him.

His arms and legs were twisted grotesquely, and his waist was bent at an impossible angle as if it would break soon.

"Kukuku, kukukuku."

Tabu was incredulous.

He had never been in such a miserable situation in his life. And that too, by a mere human.

"Yeah, you caught me. But what are you going to do now? You can't hold on forever, can you?"

The only way to eliminate Tabu considering his durability was a laser. But the problem was that he couldn't cast any other magic while the Gravity Chain was maintained.

Iruki had a unique thought circuit and used the Double Spirit Zone, but it was very difficult for a normal human to think of two things at the same time.

Of course, there were rules that allowed exceptions, but most magic inevitably had a delay.

A typical example was that he couldn't cast any other magic while teleporting.

Especially, the Shining Chain was a continuous magic that consumed mental power in real time like Fire Wall, so it was impossible to attack Tabu with another magic.

"Where did you take my friends?"

"They went to the Angel's Rest. To give birth to Nephilim. Kukuku, too bad. It's not your child."

Bloodshot appeared in Siroene's eyes.

He didn't even hear the word Nephilim. He didn't know the situation, but he could tell that something terrible was happening.

Tabu tore out his tongue and shook it.

"Kekeke! Give up! You can never save them from Ilgak Mara. By now, the girls are in a miserable fate... Kuk!"

The light chain tightened with a powerful force and Tabu's neck twisted as if it would break.

A grinding sound came from Siroene's teeth.

"Watch your mouth. I won't let you go."

"Kahaha! Isn't it thrilling? But why don't you listen a little more? This is a really interesting story! It's the real forbidden fruit?"

Siroene raised the tensile strength to the limit.

He didn't know where the limit was, but he just wanted to make Tabu shut up right now.

"Kraaaaa
[Translated block]


```text
"Are you... okay?"

Peope asked courageously, but Shirone didn't react at all. When he listened carefully, he heard a murmur saying 'It's my fault.'

Peope, who burst into tears for no reason, scolded him while hitting him with a stick.

"You idiot! That's why you make things worse? Even if you're a fallen angel, you're higher than Shamine in the law. What are you going to do with the people in this area from now on? It's all because of you..."

"Aaaaaah!"

Peope's shoulder shook.

Shirone's face, which was bowed down, was a mess.

Anger, frustration, and sadness were mixed, and he looked like a person falling off a cliff.

"It's because of me... It's because of me that Amy... Tes... Arin... It's all because of me."

Peope couldn't scold him anymore.

Shirone's eyes were not those of a living being. He couldn't find any trace of the way he denied the liquor of the sun and shouted against Igirin.

"They'll be safe. For now, at least."

Shirone looked back at Igirin. She was immersed in thought with a serious face, unable to move as a price for her claim.

"Safe? How are they safe?"

"Ikasa took the girls because they are virgins. They put angel information into the bodies of women who have not given birth and conceive Nephilim."

Canis said.

"Then it's more dangerous, isn't it? I don't know about you, but humans have chastity."

"They won't do what you think. Angels are ashamed of having relationships with humans."

Lian said.

"On the contrary, it means it's possible, right? There's no guarantee that it won't happen in the worst case scenario."

"Possibility and plausibility are different. Angels are bisexual species. Therefore, they can have relationships with humans, but they never do anything that dishonors their honor in any situation."

Shirone regained hope from Igirin's words.

If angels were righteous who kept their principles and beliefs, there was still a chance to rescue them. Depending on the situation, Amy and her party could also create variables.

Lian tapped Shirone's shoulder.

"Shirone, how are you? Have you calmed down a bit? I've never seen you so angry."

"I'm sorry, I was too excited. I should have thought about rescuing my friends first."

"It's okay. I wasn't sane either."

Anyone would have done that. Amy was precious to Shirone as Tes was a friend who relied on Lian. And Canis also had someone he had to protect.

'Arin...'

Canis' heart was burning like never before.

Arin, who had protected him even in the cruel life of Radum. But she was taken away so easily.

Why couldn't he rush to Ikasa right away?

It was because he had weakened. Hope, happy future, those things made his mind weak.

'Arin, wait a little.'

Canis decided to go back to his days as a wild dog of Radum. If he had another chance, he would focus on destroying his enemies without sparing his life.

Shirone asked.

"Tell me. How do I get to the angel's resting place?"

Peope asked incredulously.

"What are you going to do on your own? Do you really think you're going to save them?"

"Of course I have to go. Do you know how to go?"

Of course he knew how to go. And he also had a rough idea of where Amy and her party were dragged. But because of that, Shirone also knew that he couldn't go there. The angel's resting place was a place where even Igirin couldn't enter without permission.

"You won't let me in! Don't you know what I'm saying? Whether you're a heretic or a Nephilim, you'll die if you go!"

"You don't know until you try."

Peope hit his chest in frustration. Shirone also defeated Tabu, a formidable enemy, but angels were different levels.

Even if he broke into them with skills that Ikasa couldn't match as a fallen angel, he would only die.
```

Is this translation satisfactory?
[Translated block]


```
"Wake up, you idiot! The place you're going to is the 6th Heaven! It's where the real angels live!"

Angels are strong. Not stronger than anyone else, but beings that were born at the top of the biological hierarchy.

But Shirone had to go there. Amy was waiting, her friends were waiting.

"Peope, what if you were dragged away by someone, how scared would you be?"

"What are you talking about, all of a sudden?"

"What do you think you would think? Wouldn't you desperately hope for someone to save you? Wouldn't you muster up courage with the thought that your friends wouldn't abandon you?"

Shirone bit her lip.

"Maybe we can't save them. But we can't extinguish their hope either. If we give up here, then there's nothing left for the people who were taken."

Peope couldn't agree. No matter how they wrapped it up with beautiful words, dying was still dying.

The world is harmonious when everyone is faithful to their own death. Why do humans see beauty in the impossible?

A man of the Mecha tribe approached them.

"The resting place of the angels is the 6th Heaven. Geographically, it's right next to Shamine. But it's five levels higher than here, so you can't just go in. You have to follow the procedure and go from the 2nd Heaven in order, but that will take days."

"We don't need any procedure. How long does it take in a straight line?"

"Straight line. Anyway, it's impossible to cross the barrier of heaven, and if you go straight from here to the 6th Heaven, it will take about a day."

It was much farther than expected. Judging by Icarus' flying speed, she should have already arrived at her destination.

In a situation where even the access to Heaven was unclear, a day's delay was no different from a death sentence for the girls.

"There's one way."

A man in his 50s came over. Judging by his appearance and attire, he was a Norin.

"There's a way? What is it?"

"You go from here to the 1st Zone. It's the innermost zone in Shamine. It's close to the center of heaven, so if you go along the central avenue from there to Heaven, you can save time."

Heaven is divided into six pie-shaped sections with Aravot at the center. Therefore, the closer they are to Aravot, the shorter the length of the arc becomes, so they can drastically reduce their travel time.

"How long does it take from here to the 1st Zone?"

"About 12 hours?"

Shirone frowned again. It was shorter than a day, but still too far to do anything.

A smile appeared on the Norin's mouth.

"That's if you go by normal means. There's a portal in Shamine that Norins manage. If you use the spot of light, you can get to the 1st Zone in no time."

There was such a way. Shirone had used the spot of light to move around in hell and realized that the method suggested by the man was the only solution.

"Please take us there. Is there any other problem?"

"Well, if you insist, it's strictly controlled by the citizens. But I can solve that for you. I'm the controller who works there."

Shirone trembled without even having time to laugh at his joke. She had hope for the first time.

Maybe... she could save her friends.

Kanya came over with tears in her eyes.

"I'm sorry, Shirone. It's all because of our family. But... thank you. Really..."

Shirone wiped Kanya's tears. Her friends were in danger because she refused Ewa's alcohol, but how could she blame the citizens?

The true power holder hides behind the system and is invisible. He knew where his arrows of anger should point.

"It's not your fault. I'll definitely save our friends, so don't worry."

"Wait a minute!"

Lena ran over from the crossroads of the square. She was holding Signa and Exd, equipment of Mecha.

"I brought them just in case. Maybe they'll help."

Mecha's items were encrypted for personalization, but swords and shields were common equipment that anyone could use.
```
[Translated block]


Renting was forbidden by the law, but no one cared about the broken yard of the liquor store.

The equipment would be needed for Lian.

The mage had a gimmick to reverse the situation when fighting a strong enemy, but the swordsman only had honest strength. That's why the equipment was more important for him.
[Translated block]