


[327] Second outing (5)

But it was too early to like it. The target, which was about to fall over, bounced back with a sigh.

"Too bad! The first round failed!"

Vivian looked at the target swinging like a pendulum with disbelief and glared at the announcer.

"Why did it fail? I hit it exactly."

"No, no. I clearly said you have to knock down the target."

"Isn't this pure fraud?"

"Ha ha! Fraud? Are you new to the winter festival? Everyone knows this. Besides, what kind of collection is this? If you sell it later, it's worth more than 1 gold."

Joker looked around the rudebans and asked.

"It looks like there's a spring attached below. Can you do it?"

"Well... I still have nine shots left."

Rudebans placed the snowball in a comfortable position and looked at the target.

'They made it tricky to get the angle right. Do I have to go straight for it?'

He threw all nine remaining snowballs in the next 10 minutes.

Rudebans, who had challenged with a single-minded attitude, still had a blank face, but sweat beads were on his forehead and steam was rising from his head.

"It's a pity. It would have been nice if you had done it one more time."

The challenge failed.

It was a mistake to miss the fourth, fifth, and sixth shots after hitting the second and third shots in a row.

It was not easy for even a semi-pro to hit the target with the highest power from a distance farther than the stadium.

He was frustrated and hit all the snowballs from the seventh shot fiercely, but the target did not fall.

Siroene got a hint from there.

'You have to use elasticity to flip it over. I thought it was strange that they installed a spring on the target.'

If you hit the target continuously while the pendulum motion is still there, the elasticity will gradually increase. Eventually, when it passes the critical point, it will fall over because it cannot overcome its weight.

Rudebans' accuracy of hitting seven out of ten was amazing, but he failed because he did not apply continuous force.

"Amy, how about giving it a try?"

"Huh? Me?"

Amy looked at Siroene as if she was surprised.

In fact, she was full of mischief and couldn't help but twitch her fingers in front of such a fun game. But usually men would challenge themselves to show off their shoulders in front of women, so she just watched.

'Ah, that's what this is?'

She seemed to know Siroene's intentions. The person who had to show off their shoulders in this situation was herself.

'Then, there's no need to refuse.'

Amy walked up to the announcer and paid 10 silvers.

If Rudebans was a pitching student representative, Amy was a future sniper who had pride at stake.

"I'll challenge too. Here's 10 silvers."

"Ho ho, a female challenger is rare. But miss, the soldiers of Manglu are not swayed by beauty. But I'll give you one more snowball as a bonus, so try hard."

"No, thanks. Ten is enough."

"Ha ha! What a brave lady! Everyone, give this courageous lady a round of applause!"

The spectators applauded when a slender girl who seemed unable to throw a snowball to Manglu said she would challenge.

Amy licked her lips with her tongue and held a snowball in her hand. Her eyes turned red as her self-image memory remembered her current state.

"Ready."

She swung her arm with a cute gesture and the snowball fell without even reaching halfway like a dud.

The tourists laughed kindly.

But Siroene watched with bated breath. Amy's real value started from now on.

Unlike the first shot, Amy took a proper stance and stared at the target.

The self-image memory information corrected the error and made her brain sense the exact trajectory.

She clenched the snowball tightly with her basic build-in strength enhancement of Schema and widened her stride and swung her arm hard.

The snowball flew at a speed similar to Rudebans' and hit the target, making the spectators' eyes widen.
[Translated block]
Wow, that sounds like a fun and exciting story. Are you reading a novel or writing one? What is it about?
[Translated block]


```
But the good feeling disappeared as soon as she saw Jokre and his group enter the skating rink.

They did not join the flow, but showed off their skating skills in the center of the ice rink.

It was not against the rules, but Amy did not like it either, as she already had a grudge against them.

"What? Did you follow us here?"

"They probably came to skate. Don't mind them."

Amy did not want to get involved with Jokre and his group.

She felt her wound of failure reopen every time she saw them enjoying their graduation trip after passing the entrance exam with flying colors.

"Let's just leave them alone. We're already cooled down anyway, and I want to look around other places too."

"Shall we? Okay."

Shirone and Amy pushed their skates and headed for the exit.

"Hey! Are you leaving already?"

When Shirone turned around, Jokre was waving his arm and running at full speed.

He pulled Amy hastily as he turned and braked sharply. The skate blades scraped the ice and sprayed ice powder. The cold things wetted Shirone's face and he frowned.

"Why are you doing this? You're spraying it on people's faces."

"Ha ha! Why are you angry about that? You're more resilient than I heard. It's just a joke."

"Then why are you joking?"

Amy pushed Shirone aside and stepped forward.

"What's the reason for following us around? If you have something to say, say it straight. Don't act like kids."

"We haven't seen each other for a long time. This is fate, let's have some fun. We still have homework to do between us."

"Resolve? What resolve?"

The only thing that came to mind when she thought of Jokre was that he gave up the competition at a prestigious school and ran away to another school.

'Huh? Could it be...?'

A vague scene flashed in Amy's mind.

Jokre had confessed his love before he transferred.

At that time, it was a common thing. That's why it was so trivial that it was surprising that she remembered it.

But today, she noticed Shirone's reaction.

No woman would take his words as a joke if he said they were dating as a joke.

Amy was a woman and not a fool.

She was prepared for anything that could happen if she came on a two-night, three-day trip with a man alone.

She did not want to make Shirone uncomfortable with a ridiculous past.

It would not be bad to just receive a confession, but it was a different matter if the person was in front of her.

"Never mind. I don't want to talk to you. Shirone, let's go somewhere else. We don't need to hang out with these kids."

As Amy tried to avoid him, Jokre ignored Shirone and approached her.

"Wait a minute. Let's finish what we were talking about..."

Jokre stopped talking and turned his head. Shirone was holding his shoulder and frowning.

"She said no."

"You, let go of this hand? We're in different schools, but I'm your senior. A formal magician."

"That's one thing, and this is another."

Jokre was dumbfounded by Shirone's cheeky appearance.

"You're so arrogant because people are flattering you around. You know what? Amy and I have known each other since we were thirteen. It's none of your business."

"What does it matter when you met? If you're going to argue like that, we met when we were twelve. Stop bothering her and go away."

"What? You met when you were twelve?"

Jokre was shocked by Shirone's lie.

He knew about Shirone's past because he memorized the academic journal.

How could he have met Amy when he was twelve when he had only been enrolled in magic school for a year?

And he was not even a noble, but a woodcutter's son.

"You're surprisingly shameless. Do you think that lie will work? You know what happens when you get marked by a senior in this business? Especially someone like you who has nowhere to cling to, it's just expulsion."
```
[Translated block]


"I don't want to go to a place where there are seniors who make petty threats."

"This kid is unbelievable!"

Joker was losing his temper at Shiro's defiant attitude, who didn't say a word and just stared at him.

But as he was about to swing his fist, a snowball flew from somewhere and hit him in the back of his head with a thud.
[Translated block]