


```text
[320] A momentary crack (2)

Cariel had a ferocious expression that was not like an archangel. His pupils flashed with bloodlust as if he had suffered an unbearable insult.

"How can the leader of the archangels do that! How is it different from mating with a dog as a human! And you tell me to forgive you? Can you do that?"

Uriel could not answer.

In a sense, Cariel was like his twin. Twins born with the original knowledge of the first archangel, Ikael.

But their personalities were as different as the original concepts they were given. And above all, Cariel... really loved Ikael.

Cariel turned his light wheel back into a halo. But he had already turned away coldly as if his heart was hurt.

"If you don't want to help, go back. I will definitely break through the space-time of the maze. I will destroy all the arrogant humans who defy God's will!"

'...How timid.'

Uriel looked at his back with pity.

The wings of light, the symbol of the archangel, were brightly spread, but in a sense he had a human-like side.

Just like Ikael.

'I'm sorry, Ikael. But we need you, no, Cariel needs you.'

Uriel touched Cariel's shoulder and said.

"I got it. I made a mistake. Join me in what you're trying to do. Yeah, is it breaking this thing called heaven or something?"

Cariel reluctantly turned around pretending to be defeated. But he soon regained his bright expression and continued his explanation.

"Yeah. But it won't be easy. Even if you're the best, you'll have to use your full power to break it or not. Because it created a material that is much harder than the hardest material in the world."

Uriel nodded and passed Cariel and approached heaven.

When he arrived at the close range, he could only see a black barrier. Looking at the molecular structure, it was not a material that came out through heat and pressure. Maybe an explosion. This is definitely not easy.

"You must remember, Cariel. From a long time ago."

Uriel changed his halo into a hailo.

As information was concentrated on the 4-meter-diameter light wheel, a club made of light was born next to him. It was 4 meters long in total, but the length of the pole was only 1 meter, and the triangular cone-shaped clubs at both ends filled the remaining length. It was a heavenly weapon called Paradise Club.

"Among the things you made, there's nothing I couldn't destroy."

Uriel took a riding posture and applied force, and Paradise Club rotated quickly, creating an afterimage similar to a wagon wheel. When the rotation speed exceeded Mach, the air made a sound like iron splitting.

Paradise Club Destruction Technique-Cheonborun.

(I changed Cheondo Eunharun to Cheonborun^^;)

"Woooh!"

Archangel Uriel is an angel of destruction. He has an original concept that contrasts with Cariel, an angel of birth.

In the beginning, something amplified and the world was born. Then creation was created by interlocking birth and destruction.

Cariel constantly creates something and Uriel destroys it. It was the fate of two brothers born from Ikael, the archangel of amplification.

"Goaaah!"

Uriel twisted his upper body and swung his arm over his arm as Cheonborun grew to 10 meters in diameter moved along his arm. And he bounced his body and swung his fist, and a powerful wagon wheel of light flew and hit heaven.

Kuuuuuuuuuuung!

A huge roar filled the world.

But heaven didn't budge at all, and only Paradise Club bounced back and flew to the end of the world and came back.

"Haah! Tahah! Woooh!"

Uriel continued to collide Cheonborun with heaven without stopping its rotation.

Cariel, who knew his power better than anyone else, frowned every time a blow was inflicted.

'Tsk tsk, how ignorant...'

After trying about ten attacks, Uriel did not throw Paradise Club back again. No matter how hard he hit it, there was no sign of breaking.

"Hmm, this one is definitely decent."

Cariel smiled all over his face and comforted him.

"You don't have to push yourself too hard. Even this much will be a tremendous shock to the space-time of the maze. It's a shame I can't see that woman's face who's scared."

```

I hope this helps you understand what happened in this part of
[Translated block]


It was a word that sounded good, but it only boosted Uriel's pride.

Uriel swung his wings forward and backed away. And after measuring the distance for a moment, he said.

"Watch out. It'll be different this time."

Kariel raised both hands as if to say go ahead and flew to the side of the sky.

"Hoo-hoo-hoo."

Uriel took a stance like a heavy infantryman ready to charge and breathed heavily.

As the tidal wave expanded to a diameter of 20 meters, information on destruction began to accumulate. As golden sparks rose around the light wheel, the world transition trembled slightly.

Kariel also seemed to have no courage to throw a joke this time and looked at his laboratory with a worried look.

"Woah-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh!"

Uriel rushed to the sky.

The celestial wheel, which reached a diameter of 25 meters, followed him and increased its rotational speed. As the atmosphere of the world transition was sucked into the center of the wheel, a strong wind blew.

Uriel swung his upper body with all his might 10 meters in front of the sky.

The celestial wheel that flew in a curve collided with the sky. The afterimage of the disc disappeared for a moment and the paradise stick was buried in the surface in a clear shape.

But the inertia of rotation was fully contained in the paradise stick. The huge sky shook roughly and white cracks began to spread on the dark wall.

Kwa-ah-ah-ah!

The sky exploded with a powerful explosion.

He lost the bet again, but Kariel's face was filled with ecstasy. It was Uriel's destiny to break what he had worked hard to make. Kariel just applied that destiny to the constructive part.

Anyway, the important thing was that it broke.

Also, according to his calculations, it was enough power to destroy the space-time of the maze.

* * *

Space-time of the maze.

Miro built a temple in a meaningless space where he could not designate an end. It was an act of squeezing out one meaning from a huge emptiness.

Because there was a temple, she existed, and based on that existence, she built a huge barrier between heaven and humanity.

Miro existed alone in the huge temple.

She twisted her legs and sank into meditation. Her biological clock had stopped long ago. In a new time and space, she inherited the destiny of endlessly maintaining the wall of dimensions.

'What are you decorating, Kariel?'

There have been attempts to bypass Miro's space-time since ancient times, but recently the approach has been blatant. He felt cornered.

If heaven attacks, Miro blocks it. There was no problem until now. But now he felt a bad feeling that he was aiming for something.

'What are you thinking?'

A powerful shock hit Miro's space-time. An electromagnetic wave occurred and hardened the barrier of space-time. Miro's eyes opened wide.

Then there were second and third shocks.

As Miro's space-time shook, shock waves of the same intensity poured into Miro's mind.

'He's hitting space-time directly. Is it a new technology?'

Even if humanity has developed, they cannot catch up with heaven's technology until now. They would have found a way to break through the dimensional barrier with a mecha system rather than magic.

Miro quickly knelt down and made a complex hand seal. And he crossed his left hand with his index finger and thumb attached, and his right hand with his middle finger and ring finger pressed by his thumb in a cross shape.

As he strengthened the dimension with scale magic, the wall of space-time began to thicken.

'This power is... Uriel?'

Miro's face crumpled up. Cold sweat flowed and his arms crossed in a cross shape began to tremble.

How much time has passed? Suddenly the shock disappeared.

She gasped for breath and lay down on the floor. Even though he had strengthened the dimensional barrier, he seemed unable to withstand it in this state. He needed a new way.

"Kak!"

The celestial wheel hit the sky and an unprecedented shock wave poured into Miro's space-time.

Miro flew tens of meters as if he had been hit directly by the shock as soon as it came.

He slid on the floor but clenched his teeth and endured it. His pupils trembled in confusion.
[Translated block]


```text
The space-time of Miro was cracked by this blow.

'It's going to break through. No, it's already broken.'

Miro decided to use the last resort.

She twisted her waist and lifted her fist on her palm. She closed her eyes slightly. There was no time to judge. If there was a gap in the dimension for 10 more seconds, the army of heaven would break in without any chance to defend.

'I'm going into the third eye.'

Once you enter the third eye, you can't get out by yourself. It's a state of mindlessness where you can't think of anything.

She had to be awake at all times as the only owner of space-time, but now it was time to fall into a deep sleep.

She concentrated. She concentrated again from that concentration. As she went through that process endlessly, her ego faded and she couldn't think of anything. Only the inertia of falling into the abyss remained.

What she got in return was a huge amount of mental energy. The wall of dimension thickened infinitely and the cracks disappeared. Even Uriel couldn't break it this time.

The shaking of the temple subsided, but Miro remained motionless like a stone.

She fell into infinite concentration and forgot her existence. And unless someone came to wake her up, she would stay in that state forever.

* * *

"What happened?"

At the top of the central control system, Cariel and Uriel were analyzing the results of this experiment. Cariel looked at the screen with interest.

There was a crack in Miro's space-time. But before heaven could do anything, it quickly recovered. It showed how agile Miro's response was.

What was amazing was that Miro's space-time became so much stronger as it recovered. The durability figures on the screen were enough to make Cariel, an archangel, realize what a shiver was.

"It's still getting stronger. What did she do? Is this really a figure that a human can produce?"

Uriel simplified the complex results.

"Did we fail?"

Cariel smiled bitterly.

"Well, there was some achievement. About 3 seconds in terms of the land of earth. If we were 3 seconds late, we would have completely broken it."

"I see."

Uriel didn't feel sorry. He didn't know for sure. Maybe he felt relieved.

"The technique of heaven explosion itself is a success. It's just that we underestimated Miro. She's definitely a nephilim representing humans on earth. How did she strengthen it? Now even a decent heaven explosion won't work."

"Humans are strange. They look infinitely weak, but they also become infinitely strong. Gepin did that. Miro is not an easy human either. That's why Raga blocked his approach."

"Hmph, they're just humans after all."

Cariel did not acknowledge humans.

They are not clear. They were chaos itself. That's why Raga controlled their lifespan under the name of immortality.

"What are we going to do now? The strategy of destroying the wall of dimension failed. It will be harder to attack from now on."

Cariel was not worried.

"There's always a way to find it. What's important is that there was a crack in Miro's space-time. Something interesting will happen from now on. This will be a good experiment."

Cariel pointed to the monitor. The process of heaven explosion experiment was implemented as a 3D image.

A reference line was drawn on a specific point of the large sphere, and the durability figure appeared as a number. When the impact of Cheonboron was applied, cracks appeared.

No creature could pass through this crack, let alone heaven's army. But it was only in the category of life.

On the outskirts of heaven, there are all kinds of strange beings that cannot be defined by human standards. And at this moment, something that broke into the land of earth through the crack was caught.

"What is that, that......?"

Cariel couldn't answer.
```
[Translated block]


That didn't mean his knowledge was lacking. It was just that something that had gone to the land of the earth existed in an 'unknown state'.

* * *

As soon as the graduation ceremony of the magic school was over, Shirone returned home by carriage sent by the Ogent family.

As she came back, she realized that a year had passed since she enrolled. It was a short time, but there were so many events.

Do you want me to translate anything else for you?
[Translated block]