


[325] Second outing (3)

"This person is the Ice Queen. She's as pretty as the rumors say."

"It was a time when magicians were sold as witches 800 years ago. In a way, you could call her an unfortunate woman."

Amy briefly told him the story of the Ice Queen.

The Ice Queen was originally a magician.

At that time, it was a period when the divine power ruled, so she lived hiding her identity, but her beautiful appearance was not hidden.

When the woman's beauty spread through word of mouth to the king, the old king called her in person. The king, who fell in love at first sight, accepted her as his queen.

But darkness had already grown in her heart, who had been chased by the Holy Order all her life.

Hundreds of innocent people died under horrific torture under the pretext of magic experiments.

The more people died, the stronger the queen's magic became. The stronger her magic became, the more insane she became.

It is very rare for magicians to go crazy. It's because it's a job that strengthens your mind itself.

But if your mind is destroyed for some reason, a serious situation that is different from the mental illness of ordinary people occurs.

It is because you lose control of your magic as your mind and magic become harmonized.

Magicians called this phenomenon magic alignment.

The queen, who was captivated by madness, froze everything around her.

Her room with icicles hanging down looked like an ice cave in the Arctic.

Not only furniture such as beds and dressing tables, but also maids and servants who served her lost their lives frozen.

As the situation got out of control, the king built a small castle in the Lesh mountain range and made her the queen there. It was nothing different from exile, though it was called a queen.

But even there, the queen's deeds did not stop.

The first thing she experimented with was dozens of servants. When they all died, she continued to torture people with cruel experiments.

After a year, there was no one left in the small castle in the Lesh mountain range.

But the queen was satisfied. It was because she had finally reached the desired level after a long experiment.

"I will sleep in a place where time is frozen. The day I come back, the world will kneel at my feet."

The queen cast her final magic and trapped herself in a huge block of ice.

That was the story behind the last appearance of the Ice Queen that Shirone was looking at.

"Hmm, I see."

Shirone approached the Ice Queen a little closer.

After hearing the story, it felt real. The appearance of closing his eyes and sleeping also seemed like a person who had been sleeping for 800 years.

Amy finished telling the story.

"Maybe she suffered from guilt even in a situation where her mind was destroyed? So I devoted myself to magic that would freeze myself."

"That could be true. If it's true, it's amazing."

Magicians cannot die from magic they cast themselves.

It's not theoretically impossible, but you need a will that transcends omnipotence to cast magic that harms yourself.

"Because if your spirit zone shakes, magic won't activate. Ordinary magicians can't even try."

"Hmm, maybe it's closely related to the phenomenon of magic alignment?"

Shirone pondered while stroking his chin.

Amy laughed at his serious look for no reason.

"What's so serious? It's just a legend anyway. It's not clear whether the Ice Queen is a real person. There is also a theory that it was based on a violent queen at that time. What is trapped in ice now may be just a wax doll."

Shirone also knew that the Winter Festival was not based on real history.

"Yeah. But it looks really real."

Amy also admitted to the sophistication of the doll. It was natural that they put their heart into it because it was the main character of the festival.

Shirone and Amy approached and looked at the queen trapped in ice.
[Translated block]


At that moment, the Ice Queen's eyes opened wide.

"Ah! What is this!"

Shirone and Amy hugged each other and backed away at the same time.

The tourists turned their heads at the scream. But they soon realized what was going on and burst into laughter.

Amy, who realized that she was in Shirone's arms, quickly got out.

She stomped on the floor with embarrassment and shouted.

"Yo, you idiot! There's a device on the floor. If you step on it, the doll's eyes open."

"Who knew? And you were surprised too."

"Who was surprised? It's because your voice was so loud. Anyway, you're a man with a lot of fear."

Shirone pointed at Amy's pale face.

"Haha! For that, your face is pale?"

"......Oh, is that so? Do you want me to make your face paler? If I rip out your stomach, you'll get sick of it like a mullet soup."

Amy approached him with her fist clenched. Shirone looked away and muttered, looking down at the floor.

"If you're surprised, just say you're surprised, not a gangster......"

"What? Gangster? Yeah, I'm a gangster. What are you going to do?"

Amy poked Shirone's side with her fist. Shirone ran away along the hallway, waving his arms.

"Uhaha! Stop it! It tickles!"

"Where are you running away! Don't you come here?"

The two voices echoed in the hall.

The tourists didn't care.

This was a place of celebration, and a great date spot for couples.

But three students from Ains Magic School, who graduated from Ains Magic School, couldn't take their eyes off Shirone and Amy after they found them.

To be exact, they were graduates who passed the graduation exam this time.

One of the two magic schools in Creas, Ains Magic School was not as prestigious as Alpheus Magic School, so it had low recognition.

More than anything, even if they graduated, they couldn't automatically acquire a magician's license like prestigious schools.

Of course, in reality, most guilds would give you a magician's license if you just submit your diploma. But considering the privileges of prestigious school graduates, it was true that they felt hurt as fellow graduates.

"Those couples over there... They're pretty famous kids, aren't they?"

Rudvans pointed to the railing with his chin and said.

He was tall and curly-haired, but he looked much older than he really was because he wore thin glasses.

"Oh my, that's right?"

Vivian also recognized Shirone and Amy at a glance. She was a girl who had drawn her eyeliner more fiercely than others because her eyes were slightly drooping.

Like most magic school students, they also subscribed to Spirit Academic Journal regularly.

Most of the pages were occupied by introductions of prestigious schools or students, but sales of academic journals were much higher for non-prestigious schools.

In the case of prestigious schools, there was no need to buy books and read articles about their own schools or rivals they competed with.

"Arian Shirone and Carmis Amy. Oh? Come to think of it, Jokre, you must know Amy?"

"Of course I know her very well."

Jokre, the leader of the group, bit his lips.

Alpheus Magic School was a painful past for him.

He transferred to Ains Magic School after taking classes there until he was thirteen years old.

The fact that he confessed to Amy just before transferring and got rejected was a secret that even Rudvans and Vivian didn't know.

Of course, he didn't transfer because he was rejected by a girl.

If it's a prestigious school like Alpheus Magic School, it's no exaggeration to say that the best talents in the kingdom gather there.

With mediocre talent, you can only become fodder for geniuses.

Jokre thought he couldn't win in the competition and sought another way out by transferring.

In fact, there were many students who did not graduate even as they got older while attending prestigious schools.
[Translated block]


In that sense, Jokre's judgment could be seen as excellent.

But when he looked back at reality, it was very rare for someone to transfer from a prestigious school to a non-prestigious one.

Prestigious schools had their own pride.

It seemed that avoiding competition and pioneering a different path was seen as running away from the students' point of view.

They were all praised as geniuses before they entered the magic school, so their high self-esteem must have contributed.

'Hmph! Prestige and signboard, they're all just bluffing. What's the point of pride if they can't produce results?'

Jokre always thought that way.

But if he asked himself if he had any regrets about leaving the prestigious school, he couldn't answer right away.

"Wow. I can't believe I'm seeing them here."

Vivian knew everything about Shirone and Amy. She could even claim that she knew them better than their families, if she only limited herself to school life.

It was a common thing for non-prestigious school students. The students featured in the Spirit Journal were their goals and idols they wanted to be.

"That boy is Shirone. He's the one who beat Dante, who boasts an undefeated record. And there's Carmis Amy of Hongan. I heard they're dating. I guess the rumor is true."

The word dating drove a nail into Jokre's chest. Even after five years, his heart still fluttered when he saw Amy, which made him even angrier.

"They're just student slackers. They failed the graduation exam because they hung their necks on prestige. How pathetic. There's no need to be intimidated. We're official magicians."

Jokre said that and muttered to himself.

'I haven't got my license yet, though...'

Anyway, he was no longer the snotty Jokre when he was thirteen. He graduated from the magic school with dignity, and now he's following the procedure of an official magician.

On the other hand, Amy failed the graduation exam nicely, so when would he get another chance to gloat?

"Let's go. We haven't seen them in a long time, so we should at least say hello, right?"

Ludvans, who followed Jokre, added a word with his usual expressionless face.

"Of course, from the position of a senior?"

Unaware of Jokre's party approaching, Shirone was being lynched by Amy at the end of the 1.5th floor corridor.

"Hahaha! I got it! I was wrong! Stop it now!"

"It's just starting now!"

Amy, who was in a playful mood, poked even more persistently at Shirone's ribs, which were also vital points.

Shirone's laughter exploded like a bomb.

"Huh? Where did I hear that voice?"

The pretty boy who was looking around the third floor history exhibition hall turned his head toward the railing when he heard their voices.

He saw Shirone and Amy playing around on the 1.5th floor where the Ice Queen was on display from a high angle.

"Did you come here for a date?"

It seemed that Shirone brought her here to comfort Amy who had failed the graduation exam.

The boy watched them for a while and then turned his body indifferently.

'Well, it's none of my business. Let's not care.'

He didn't care about other people's affairs in the first place, especially when it came to getting involved in men and women's affairs.

'Where is the fine art exhibition hall?'

The boy sucked on the straw of his iced coffee while walking deeper into the exhibition hall.

Shirone and Amy finished their tickling and went up to the second floor.

There was a rainbow bridge made of ice at the end of the collapsed wall that led to the opposite tower.

"Wow, it's pretty."

The railing decorations had elaborate craftsmanship and when they stood in the center of the arch, they could see the ice garden spread out over the castle grounds.

When they crossed the rainbow bridge to the opposite tower, there was a mini game room set up.

It was a game where you had to knock down targets of soldiers standing on the opposite tower, and the throwing weapon was snow that was everywhere.

"Come on, come on! Challenge yourself. 10 snowballs for 10 silvers. If you knock down a soldier, we'll give you a stuffed doll of the Ice Queen."

---

That's an interesting story. Where did you get it from? Is it from a book or a web novel?
[Translated block]


After listening to the host's explanation, Shirone turned her eyes to the ice queen doll in the product corner.

It was a three-foot-tall doll that could be hugged, and it had a bright and sparkling eyes that smiled innocently.

It was a completely different atmosphere from the witch in the legend that she heard in the story.
[Translated block]