


[316] One-third (2)

Shirone told his friends what he had experienced in Kazra.

He left out the story about Armin as Amy asked, but there was still too much going on. He fought a duel with the king of a country, became friends with Uorin, the daughter of the empress. He clashed with the officers of the magic department, and demonstrated Ataraxia in front of the highest nobles.

His friends listened to his story with their mouths open. It was too absurd and grand for an eighteen-year-old boy to experience. Shirone had been to the royal palace.

"So you got stabbed by a sword? You almost died."

Shirone lifted his clothes to show his wound. The stitches were clear.

Iruki asked worriedly.

"Is your head okay? The shock must have been great."

"Fortunately, I got a lot better after resting for a few days. My stomach still hurts though. Oh, I also brought the object. Come to my room later. I'll show you."

"Wow! Really? Weapons are prohibited on campus. You, you got really brave after getting stabbed?"

Shirone waved his hand with a tired expression.

"No, I didn't want to do that either, but there was some situation."

Armand, who was stuck in the corner of the room, tormented Shirone with his mind every night. He had no choice but to promise to take him with him when he was short of time to rest and his mind was squeezed.

"Then let's go see it now. I want to see it soon! Diamond Armor! Full Control!"

"Later. I have somewhere to go now."

"Huh? Where are you going?"

Iruki hit Nade's side.

"It's graduation exam. He has to spend the last night with his lover."

Shirone shook his head firmly.

"No way! Amy followed me to Kazra and helped me. I want to go and cheer her up myself."

"I'm sure you do. Anyway, go ahead. The steel door closes when the sun goes down. Say good luck for me too."

Shirone checked the time and was surprised.

"What? It's already this late? Then I'll be back. See you later."

Shirone left the training ground and headed for the graduation building.

The reason he couldn't go see Amy as soon as he came to school was because the experiences of Hwashin were floating beyond the veil of consciousness. Among them, a certain scene where he confessed his jealousy to Amy invaded him like a surprise attack and made him want to hide in a mouse hole.

If he had tried to talk right after the incident, there would have been no such awkwardness. But the situation was not favorable. Shirone collapsed as if he fainted in the carriage and was transported home, and Amy returned to school without a break to prepare for the graduation exam.

'Sigh, I'm in trouble. How do I face Amy?'

Shirone shook his head and shook off his thoughts.

Amy followed him to Kazra for his sake. If it weren't for her, he wouldn't be able to attend magic school with a clear mind like today.

'Yeah, let's not think about anything for a while. Amy's success comes first.'

The day when she entered at twelve and reaped six years of fruit was one day ahead. Her current graduation rank was an amazing fourth place. It was an amazing growth rate considering that she achieved it in half a year.

'I guess I can't keep my promise after all? Well, it doesn't matter.'

Shirone promised to catch up with Amy. But she also worked hard without resting and reached the upper rank. He would gladly admit defeat if she graduated.

He passed through the steel door, which was a symbol of graduation class, and saw some seniors walking in the flower garden.

No one looked at Shirone. There was none today. All they had in their heads was thoughts about tomorrow.

Some seniors focused on mental unity, while others thought it was better to relax. A group of people gathered around a bonfire and chatted were them.

There were many familiar seniors, and Amy and Seriel were also among them.

"Oh my, isn't that Shirone?"

"Huh? Really?"

Shirone approached them with a stiff face. He didn't expect Amy to be with other seniors.
[Translated block]


```
"Hello……."

Seriel ran over and hugged Shirone's face.

"Uaang! It's Shirone! What are you doing here? Are you here to cheer me on?"

Shirone, buried in Seriel's chest, felt her cheeks hot.

But she felt her body trembling and realized it was no joke. She heard the sound of her heart beating fast.

'This is the graduation class.'

Everyone here has devoted their lives to becoming a magician. And if they pass the test tomorrow, they will become the magicians they dreamed of.

The probability is one in three.

When I thought of it as someone else's business, it seemed like a pretty high probability. But when I applied it to myself, it meant that the remaining 20 people had to go through a terrible competition for another year.

As I thought about it, Seriel's chest was not ashamed.

Shirone hugged her with all her might. Everyone worked hard. It was unthinkable that someone would fall from here.

But if possible…… She hoped she would pass.

"Good luck, senior. I'll cheer for you too."

"Yeah. Thanks, Shirone."

Shirone was able to see Seriel's face only then. Fear and excitement coexisted.

She looked like she was about to burst into tears at any moment, but it was sublime. Because she knew what kind of effort she had made to get here.

Shirone looked back at Amy.

Unlike Seriel, there was no tension or excitement on her face. All preparations were over. The growth curve for six years seemed perfectly aligned for tomorrow.

So she was happy and grateful. If she had shown even a little bit of shaking, she would have suffered from guilt for taking Kazra.

"Amy, you too. I'll cheer hard for you tomorrow."

"Yeah, thanks. I'll do my best."

Amy's mind was like a torrent of thoughts that merged into one. There was no room for awkward situations like Kazra to come up.

Shirone chatted with her seniors. There was also the student council president Amira in the seat. She was the one who incited the student council and staged a sit-in when Shirone was trapped in the space-time of the maze, but now it was part of her memories.

"Finally, this annoying school life will end tomorrow."

Most of them nodded at Amira's words. No one thought they would fail the test a day before.

Only Sanuel's expression was not good.

Shirone remembered when he came as Etela's demonstration assistant. The senior who surprised the advanced class students with his amazing ultrasonic skills.

But even he failed the graduation test last year and this was his second attempt.

The statistics of the magic school showed that the probability of students who failed the first test passing the second test was quite low, so it was natural to be nervous.

Amira comforted Sanuel.

"Don't worry too much, Sanuel. You worked hard. You barely failed last graduation test. You'll have a good result this time."

"Yeah, thanks. You too, pass."

It wasn't just one person who passed, so they could encourage each other among competitors, which was somewhat humane.

"Hey? You guys were here?"

Famous seniors walked in from school.

Richard of Alchemy. Electric Monster Lycon. Hershey of Sona.

And the leader of them was Arduino Fermi, ranked first in Class One.

Fermi, who stuck to suits, looked more like an accountant than a magician. Come to think of it, I heard that the Arduino family was also a famous merchant family.

"Why are you guys so stiff? Don't be so nervous. I've been taking graduation tests for six years. Hahaha!"

Fermi chuckled, but no one laughed.

It was a mystery why he always dominated the first place in the graduation class but never graduated from Alpheus Magic School. Some said he was a broker who took money and gave favorable graduation tests, but there was no confirmation.

"Fermi, aren't you too complacent? If you act so peacefully, you'll be taking the test with your juniors next year."
```
[Translated block]
Wow, that's a very interesting story. It sounds like you're reading a fantasy novel about magic students who are taking their graduation exam. What is the name of the book? And who is your favorite character?
[Translated block]