


```text
[348] Divine Transcendence (5)

'You insolent brat...!'

Bawi tried a technique. He tried to disrupt Lian's balance by wrapping his body with his arm. But Lian also swung his arm to interfere with the technique.

Annoyed, Bawi pushed Lian. And he bumped into him again. Bang, the second headbutt was inflicted. This time, Lian also felt dizzy.

As soon as the opportunity for a tackle came, Bawi hugged Lian's waist and rushed. As he tripped over Lian's legs, who was retreating, his waist opened. It was over if he pressed him down like this.

"Kruk!"

Lian barely twisted his body and escaped. He was still not in a clear state of mind. He needed time.

But Bawi didn't give him a chance to regain his senses and rushed again. Having suffered a defeat twice, Lian instinctively stuck out his head first and threw a counter. His head flashed, but it wasn't as much as the first and second times.

The two stared at each other with their foreheads touching and their eyes wide open. They both had blood running from their noses.

Bawi couldn't control his anger. For him, who aspired to be a heavy infantryman, strength was as important as swordsmanship. Just by pushing him this far, Lian's value would have gone up.

'Huh. I can't leave it like that.'

Bawi smirked.

"You're holding on pretty well? But are you okay? Your eyes seem to be loose."

In fact, Lian was dazed. In a strength contest, you have to adjust your breathing to match the opponent's reaction. It was like going into the water and betting on who could hold their breath longer. As oxygen became scarce, he became dizzy even while standing.

"Then shall we go into folding now?"

Lian gritted his teeth. Did he mean that he had been fighting without folding so far? As if to prove that it was not a lie, a tremendous force came from Bawi's body.

"Hahaha! This is too easy!"

Bawi cooked Lian as he pleased. He lifted him up like playing with a child, put him down, and swung him left and right. When there was more than twice the difference in strength, technique was useless.

'You don't think I'm going to end it like this, do you?'

Bawi hugged Lian's chest and lifted him up. As he pressed down in that state, all the air in his lungs escaped.

"Huh!"

The feeling of air being forcibly sucked out of his body was the epitome of discomfort, but compared to Bawi's technique that followed, it was nothing.

He lifted Lian's arm and went under his armpit and tried to bend his lower body while standing.

"Tha-that is..."

The students looked at him with a dumbfounded expression. Abdominal stretch. A technique called cobra twist.

Of course, it was a wrestling technique. But it was difficult to succeed in the technique on a standing opponent, so unless there was a big difference in skill, it was a technique that was practiced or joked around.

And this was what Bawi had been aiming for.

Lian got caught in the technique with his side bent and his arm raised. It looked ridiculous, but once caught, he couldn't move because it wasn't a posture where he could exert strength.

"Krrrrr!"

A groan escaped from Lian's mouth. The muscles were stretched to the limit, so even if Bawi moved 1 centimeter, the pain was transmitted along the spine.

Bawi turned his body toward where the students were, as if showing off Lian's agony. It was humiliating, but he had no choice but to be dragged along.

"How about it? Do you want me to break your back? Huh?"

As Bawi moved slightly, a crackling sound came from Lian's spine. Satisfied, he turned his head to Tess. She saw him shaking her body with her lips bitten.

'That's what I said. You shouldn't ignore me too much.'

He didn't even think of giving Lian a break to impress Tess. Women in love are blind mice, so no matter how cool a guy comes up to them, they only see one person. To turn her heart around, he had to mess him up and then get rid of him altogether.

"How about giving up slowly? Or do you want to play some more?"
```
[Translated block]


Lian did not answer. His gaze was also looking at what the rockfish was looking at.

'Tes...'

Tes looked like she was about to burst into tears. She was a righteous person. That's why she would be the most angry person here, not herself.

"Break it."

"What?"

The rockfish asked with a dumbfounded expression.

"I'm sure I told you. I don't care if you kill me. But I'll never surrender."

"Hahaha! Hey, why are you always so serious? This is just an evaluation. You don't have to do it for life or death. Besides, this doesn't make your shame go away, does it?"

The rockfish dragged Lian and performed a roundabout performance again. The emotions of the students were conveyed. Some were afraid, some were angry, some were sympathetic. But he knew that this was the look of the weak looking at the strong.

"Huh?"

At that moment, a strong force was transmitted. The rockfish, startled as if bitten by a fly, looked back at Lian.

'Do you still have strength left?'

It wasn't a face that was trying hard. Just his eyes were coldly dead as if time had stopped.

'Straighten your waist. Straighten your waist. Straighten your waist.'

Lian's gaze was inward.

As the command to straighten his waist was delivered, his side slowly began to rise like a lie.

"Hehe. Look at this kid?"

The rockfish laughed as if it was nothing, but he couldn't completely hide his nervousness. He was secretly pulling out his full power, but even so, he couldn't stop Lian from moving.

'What is this? Why is this happening?'

The rockfish clenched his teeth and inflated his muscles.

"Huuuuuuuuuup!"

And the moment he felt a reaction, his heart sank. It wasn't a mistake or complacency. Lian's upper body kept rising even though he couldn't really stop it.

His heart beat fast and shivers ran down his spine. Something other than what is called power is lifting Lian up. A huge movement that felt like the whole world was pushing in brought him an unprecedented fear.

Kuan, who was watching it, forgot to blink. This was it. The incomprehensible divine transcendence of mystery.

'It doesn't make sense. How is this possible? What's moving?'

Lian wasn't in a position to exert strength. Yet he was standing up ignoring the principle of leverage perfectly. Therefore, he is not moving by force. Some rule of the world is raising him up.

"Hey, hey! Wait!"

A desperate voice burst out of the rockfish's mouth. He kept pushing endlessly, but he only got pushed back. As Lian's posture returned, his body twisted grotesquely. Finally, the cobra twist reversed and the muscles stretched to the limit.

"Aaaaaaah!"

The students lost their minds at the sight of the victim screaming. Lian did not vent his anger or mock the rockfish. He only thought that he had to move his body.

"Surrender! I lost! Please stop! Not my waist!"

Lian did not stop. He wasn't angry at all when the rockfish performed a mockery. He had given up on shame and such a long time ago in front of the limit of talent.

But that's why he had to stake everything to break himself. And even if it was all a trick of a talentless person, he could never forgive him for making Tes angry.

'That's right. This is enough.'

Lian finally made a decision. And he pushed down the rockfish's face that was stuck in his armpit. There was a thud and something twisted.

"Aaaaaaaa!"

The rockfish screamed as if his jaw would break off. He couldn't even fall down because his body was tangled up. His abdominal muscles tore and his strength drained from his body and he hung limp like a broken doll with only his mouth open. Blood oozed out.

Lian grabbed the rockfish's head in his armpit and pushed it away. The rockfish fell to the floor and twisted his body with a second shock. He was so in pain that tears streamed down his face.
[Translated block]
"What are you doing here?" Kuan asked coldly.

"I have something to say." Lian said firmly.

"Say it quickly then." Kuan said impatiently.

"I want to quit this school." Lian said bluntly.

Kuan looked up at him with a surprised
[Translated block]


"What's going on? When did you leave like that?"

"I came to tell you something."

"Go back. You failed. A student who acts on his own is not worth evaluating his skills."

Lian put an envelope on the desk. Kuan frowned as he looked at the letters on the envelope. But Lian spoke calmly, as if he had made up his mind.

"It's a withdrawal letter. I'm leaving the swordsmanship school."

(End of Volume 14)
[Translated block]