


```text
[283] 3. Midnight Ball (4)

Amy frowned more than Shirone.

It was a virtue for the royal family to show off, but she seemed to not think that it would make Shirone more dangerous.

Shirone checked the faces of the nobles gathered in the banquet hall and met eyes with a giant man across the hall. 

Then the man burst into a hearty laugh and crossed the hall diagonally. 

"Hello, Shirone! I'm sorry for being late. There was some lamb stew that I liked over there. Oh, I'm sorry again. I'm Rittney Walker, the captain of the guard. I'm the chief in charge of the security of the kingdom."

Shirone smiled for the first time.

He was a person related to the safety of his parents as he was in charge of security, so it was not bad to look good. He also liked his straightforward attitude that was not like a noble.

"Hello. Nice to meet you."

"Haha! That's right! It's never a good thing to see a security officer often!"

He was a reliable person. His face had traces of 60 years of cold weather, but his body was bigger and stronger than anyone in the banquet hall.

When Walker asked for a handshake, Shirone also held out his hand.

At that moment, Walker's eyes flashed and a wave of light flooded into Shirone's head.

Shirone felt like his thoughts had stopped for a moment.

A level of domination that was different from the eye skills he had experienced so far.

But as a magician who had reached the state of diamond, he did not easily give up control.

Walker tilted his head as if puzzled, then smiled as if he realized something and released his eye skill.

Shirone swallowed his rough breath and looked at Walker. He had no memory because his thoughts flew away, but it didn't feel hostile.

"You're amazing. You endured Clear."

"Clear? Is that an eye skill?"

"Yes. It's a skill that injects madness into your opponent. If you're exposed for a long time, you'll lose consciousness. But it doesn't work on you, Shirone."

Shirone raised his eyes timidly.

"Are you saying you tried to knock me out?"

"Ha ha! Of course not. It means that madness is a powerful force. How powerful it is, you can't think of anything when you get Clear. Thanks to that, it cleans up all kinds of mental magic. It's like removing stains that can't be washed with soap with hydrochloric acid."

Madness is the purest mental state that humans can reach. Therefore, any thought can only be swept away in front of madness.

"As a person in charge of security in the kingdom, I had a duty to check if you were brainwashed. I'm sorry if you felt rude."

Shirone understood Walker's feelings.

This place was not a battlefield, but the living room of the kingdom. The security officer would have to worry about more than just visible threats.

"It's okay. If you're brainwashed, you won't know it yourself. I feel relieved to be confirmed like this. It feels like getting vaccinated."

Walker scratched his head awkwardly.

"Actually, I didn't get in perfectly. But if you can withstand my skill that I've honed for decades, no one can brainwash you, Shirone. But if you're still brainwashed... What can you do? It's inevitable."

Shirone wondered if he should laugh at this point. He thought it was too irresponsible for a security officer to say.

Then Walker winked and added.

"The kingdom is a hard place to understand. It's like dozens of family members with different surnames living in one house. Always protect yourself."

Shirone nodded late after understanding his words.

"Yes. I'll keep that in mind. It was nice meeting you."

Walker laughed loudly and crossed the hall again. Shirone smiled involuntarily at the sight of him scooping up lamb stew, reminded of Rian.

Shirone and Walker's meeting was an event that drew the attention of many nobles. And Zion was also one of those who watched that scene.

Zion confirmed that Walker left his seat and went behind Arius's back and pretended to choose food while talking to him.
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```text
"Are you okay? It seems like Walker just tried to clear you."

Arius was also thinking about that.

He had installed a door in Shirone's mind in the waiting room this morning. If Clear had entered properly, it could have affected her.

"Clear is definitely the nemesis of mental magic."

"What, then you failed?"

Arius smiled leisurely.

"That's usually the case. A door is different from brainwashing or hypnosis. You don't need to interfere with the depths of consciousness. I installed it on the 11th level in case this situation happened."

"Are you sure? What if it broke?"

"That won't happen. If Clear had eroded to the surface, Shirone would have lost consciousness. It would be a big deal if you fainted the first prince candidate at a banquet where the nobles gathered."

The 11th level of human mind is where other people's thoughts rush in, so even if Shirone's mind was very pure, finding a door was like finding a needle in a haystack.

Still, he got goosebumps when Walker tried Clear. He must have checked it urgently as a security officer, but he had to assume that all levels below 9 were swept away.

'Shirone couldn't have really thought she was brainwashed. What on earth is he suspicious of?'

Ritney Walker.

A palace security officer and a sword theory expert who wrote Kazra Palace Swordsmanship (Beginner), he was a skilled person who was promoted to the palace after winning the regional swordsmanship tournament at the age of eighteen.

The security officer was not a position that could be done only by being strong. He had to grasp the attributes of politics inside and out.

He tried Clear as soon as Ataraxia's demonstration was over, which was evidence that he anticipated the existence of a fly stuck to the ability of the archangel.

'Then I must be within his jurisdiction. Of course, I'm not a fly or anything.'

Zion asked.

"By the way, what are you going to do now? It seems like Walker is suspicious. You're not going to give him a chance to catch your tail later, are you?"

"Don't worry. Walker is not an expert in mental magic, and Clear is only applicable to a wide range of targets, not a simple principle. Why, there's no good medicine for all diseases, right? You can bypass it as much as you want. Let's proceed as it is."

"I see. Okay."

Zion filled his plate with food and moved away from Arius.

The nobles did not talk to Shirone after breaking up with Walker. There was nothing good about being caught by the security officer.

Seeing Shirone standing lonely, Amy quickly approached and became her companion.

"Shirone."

"Yeah. How's the party? Fun?"

Amy shrugged her shoulders.

"So-so."

"Me too. So-so. But what have you been doing so far?"

Amy pointed to her eyes.

"I looked around with red eyes."

"Look around? What?"

"How many times people glance at you."

Shirone opened her mouth blankly.

Of course, it's not impossible if it's self-image memory, but it's difficult. But why do you need to do such hard work?

"What information can you get from that?"

Amy pouted her lips.

"I don't know. I just did it because I had nothing to do, but there was definitely nothing different. You are the protagonist of the party, so it's natural for people to glance at you."

"Haha! That's right. You're not saying you just realized that, are you?"

Shirone joked, but Amy didn't laugh.

"But... I found one strange thing. If I checked correctly, there is a group that never looked at you once as the party progressed."

Amy pointed across with her chin as if telling her to check for herself. There were magicians belonging to the magic department gathered where she turned her eyes.

At that moment, a middle-aged magician standing in the center of the crowd looked back at Shirone. It felt like his body was frozen by his gaze that seemed to dig out his mind.

"That's Aymar Bosun, the head of magic."

"That person..."

A 4th class magician certified by Red Line.
```
[Translated block]


```text
He was a talented person who could handle any element, and I heard that he was overseeing the overall food production of the Kazra Kingdom.

Kazra, which had weaker magic power than other countries, had no first-class except for the association president. The magic chief was also a position that a third-class grand mage took in Torumia.

But he was not someone that Shirone could evaluate.

Bosun looked at Shirone for a long time, as if to relieve his frustration so far. Then he came over with a plate of food on the table, laughing.

"Hello. My name is Imar Bosun."

Shirone and Amy bowed their heads and greeted him.

Regardless of their political tendencies, he was a senior like the sky if he was a fourth-class of the Red Line. Of course, Shirone was higher in rank as the king's son, but respecting his seniors was also a pride as a mage.

"I'm impressed, the ability of an archangel. It will be a great force for the Kazra Kingdom in the future. Of course, if Shirone becomes the first prince."

Shirone kept silent with tension.

It felt different from Zion's provocation. Every word felt like a knife stabbing his mind.

Bosun offered him the food he brought from the opposite table.

"Would you like some?"

"No, I'm..."

Shirone's face turned pale as he checked the food.

It was the same kind of dessert as the lethal dose of poison that had been on his family's meal with cocoa powder on it, called Fresh Truffle.

A murderous intent rose in Shirone's heart. Did Bosun pray for assassination?

No, that wasn't important. If he wasn't the culprit, he was even more vicious.

Bosun, who was watching Shirone's expression, tilted his head and asked.

"Huh? Why? Don't you like chocolate? It's really delicious."

Shirone wanted to tear off Bosun's chin chewing chocolate. He was so excited that he had such a radical thought.

Nevertheless, Bosun was calm. His appearance made Shirone even more angry.

"You...!"

The moment he burst out without knowing it, Amy grabbed his hand.

It's a trap. Anyone who is a nobleman in the royal palace knows that there is poison in Fresh Truffle. Bosun just wanted to tease Shirone's nerves.

Shirone also came to his senses and calmed down his anger.

As his provocation failed as expected, Bosun lost interest and collected his plate.

"It was a pleasant meeting. Well then."

As Bosun left, the mages who had not even looked at him until now sneered at Shirone.

He was a mage who no one could dare to deal with. Shirone realized where he had come.

"Shirone, are you okay? That kid provoked you on purpose. You did well."

"That's right. He's a very bad person."

The night was deep but the party did not end.&nbsp;

The nobles were also drunk and danced to the traditional social dance of Kazra along with the court musicians. And now was the time for Shirone and his party to act.

When they drink alcohol and talk to women, any story tends to come out. The plan was to eavesdrop on it with Reyna's powerful hearing.

If it went according to the original plan, Shirone and Reyna should have entered the ballroom by now. But when Amy looked around, Reyna was standing in the corner looking around.&nbsp;

She seemed depressed by what happened during the day.

'Did she have that personality? It's different from what I see.'

She didn't dislike her for being kind, but at the same time, she felt bitter in her heart.

Anyway, she had to do her job, so she sighed and went to Reyna. And she pushed her back subtly and sent her to Shirone.

Then Reyna also pretended to lose and walked over to Shirone. But even there she hesitated for a long time.

Shirone smiled and reached out his hand. He felt sorry for getting angry at her during the day.

"Shall we start?"

As Shirone treated him comfortably, Reyna regained her playfulness.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"How sad it must be to not use what you learned after listening to so much nagging?"

Reina followed Shiro's lead and walked around the ballroom. Countless couples brushed past them as they danced the same dance.

A musician can hear the discordant parts of a certain note even among dozens of instruments playing. For Reina, people's voices were the same as instruments, so she collected a lot of information.

A talk about reserving a villa for the summer vacation from now on. A talk about changing the bank to create a slush fund. A secret promise to meet in the room because the border was strict.

If something big was ahead, it would show up in the conversation somehow. But based on the information she received so far, she couldn't detect any special atmosphere.
```
[Translated block]