


Singularity (3)

The light sky star was activated by the sacrifice of Seong-eum.

The border between Gustav and Jincheon met due to the distortion of space, but the sea itself did not disappear.

Fierce battles were still raging in the West Sea of Jincheon, and the demons kept pouring into the white sand.

"Stop it! Just hold on a little longer!" Their goal was to buy time until Gustav was captured by Jincheon's elite.

In the battle that put the survival of the two empires at stake, the overwhelming side was the army of hell.

"Kekkeke! It's disgusting to see humans struggling. Aren't they just like flies?"

The demon with a round chin protruding out was sitting on a giant clam.

The 8th Army Commander of Hell's Army, Mitura.

He had a huge esophagus next to him that a normal human could not even lift.

"I'm hungry! Let's eat something!" At Mitura's command, the demons who were holding their tails caught creatures living in the deep sea.

"Kyaak!"

It was a mermaid with a beautiful human upper body and a fish-like tail on the lower body.

"Please save me!"

There was hardly any academic report on living in an environment where water pressure that humans could not withstand was applied.

The face of the mermaid who begged with tears was miserable, but to Mitura, it was just food.

"Noisy! I can't miss this delicacy."

He grabbed the mermaid's head and slapped it on the back of the giant clam, then lifted his esophagus.

"Please! Please!"

He pressed down on the mermaid's head and slammed his esophagus down, cutting off his tail.

"Kyaah!"

The upper body writhed in pain and fear, and the lower body that fell apart twitched as if surprised.

"Where?..."

Mitura grabbed the tail fin and bit into the cut surface with blood flowing.

The cold flesh of the fish melted softly on his tongue.

"Huuuuu...... The mermaid who watched her body being eaten in front of her eyes fainted with her eyes rolled back.

She wouldn't live long.

"Not bad?"

He quickly chewed and swallowed half of the tail part, threw the remaining part into the sea, and got up.

"Shall we start soon?"

He could have created a tidal wave that would sweep away the white sand without even opening up hell.

"Hoohoo!"

The huge radius began to sway, and then the seawater began to ascend along the wave.

It was weak right now, but by the time it reached land, it would be a 200-meter-high tidal wave.

"Commander! There......!"

Jincheon's army fighting on the white sand lost their will to fight as they saw the incoming tidal wave.

"What a jerk!"

It was hard enough to cut off demons as big as houses, but now they were faced with a natural disaster from nature.

"Is it all over?"

If the West Sea was occupied, the 8th Army's demons would sweep away Huangseong Yeomra in an instant.

"Uaaaaa!"

The soldiers who lost their strength in front of nature's overwhelming momentum screamed and ran away.

Then.

Ding dong.

A bell rang.

Ding dong dong.

The noise of war was huge, but the soldiers could hear that clear and weak sound clearly.

"What is it?"

The commander turned around and saw a man with a neat impression holding a fan over his head.

Ivory Tower 3-star resident Arte.

And on his shoulder was a small creature with red blood waving its long tail.

"More than 200 meters? Can you really stop it?"

It was Arte's satellite Tokay.

"A demon?"

The commander looked at him with surprised eyes as Arte stepped forward.

"200 meters. A little hard."

Arte lifted his fan over his head.

"Just a little?"

He lowered his arm as he danced his sleeves, and felt like time slowed down.

He could see clearly the sight of water flowing down from the surface of the tidal wave that formed a huge wall.

"Landscape."

Arte's magic was unique in that it used not air flow but pressure difference.
[Translated block]


As a low pressure system formed, the atmosphere within a radius as large as a tidal wave began to twist at a tremendous speed.

Peeeeeeeeeer!

A sound like the world was splitting was heard, and the soldiers who were paralyzed by the shock in their hearing saw the wide-open sea.

"Th-the wave..."

As the water barrier was destroyed by something like a small typhoon, heavy rain fell like hail.

"Hoo."

As Arte dodged the dance, a refreshing bell sound rang out again.

The commander who came to his senses asked.

"Who are you? How did you do this..."

"I came from the Ivory Tower."

Arte's expression was not good.

'I save lives and make the world better. I have no objection to the human utopia, but...'

It was an unprecedented situation that all the stars in the Ivory Tower agreed with Sirone's opinion and waged a full-scale war.

"What can we do?" Tokei seemed to enjoy the current situation quite a bit.

"Stagnant water is bound to rot. Sirone is a new flow that will change the Ivory Tower."

That's why Odaeseong also participated in the war to prove his philosophy again.

"I know that too."

The commander approached.

"What do we do now? We stopped the wave, but there will be second and third waves."

Arte walked toward the sea and raised his fan.

"Ghost Goblin Arte, participates in the war with the demons."

Tokei's eyes, which were as big as bubbles, spun rapidly, calculating the elements of the wind.

"320893. 23091. 3494539. Curved angle 23 degrees..."

Arte's magic was not aimed at the army of hell, but at Gustav Empire across the sea.

"At least category six wind power. Can you do it?"

"I told you."

Arte's face, which did not show his emotions, crumpled like a ghost.

"I'm going to war."

The moment the fan passed from right to left, the soldiers felt the air being pushed out.

"Climate magic, great wind."

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwa!

A whirlwind caused by the pressure difference sucked up water from the middle of the sea and spouted.

The wind got stronger and eventually even the demons on top of it started to be sucked into the whirlwind.

"W-what is that?"

The size of the whirlwind grew exponentially, but even that speed was nothing compared to the result that would be completed.

"It's a typhoon."

The great wind would cover thousands of kilometers or more, and hit Gustav with an empire-sized force.

Arte raised his fan again.

"Let's go again. Blow it all away." The commander swallowed his saliva as he watched Tokei roll his eyes.

'Crazy bastards. They're hitting across the sea?'

A huge storm flew one after another toward Gustav Empire, where Sirone and Lian were.

Feeling Sirone's gaze on her back of her head, Melania moaned more pitifully.

"If I can calm your anger, I don't care if my whole body is torn apart here. So please forgive me."

She didn't expect to calm Sirone's anger with this.

'But it will have an effect.'

You can't feel tired when you're mad enough to jump around, but when reason returns, there's no avoiding the aftermath.

'She's worried. That's enough. She's been destroying the world for more than a day now.'

Melania raised her head.

"Yahweh??????!"

Sirone kicked her face.

The kick of a magician was as light as a feather, but her eyes were shocked as she turned her head.

"Enough."

If she had been worried about this much, she wouldn't have abandoned Yahweh in the first place.

"I don't believe you. Whatever you say. No, even if it's true, I'll deny it."

'Is it impossible.'

In the end, Sirone was human too, so if he went on like this, he would lose his life.

'But then there's no magic.'

Sirone lifted a photon cannon on his palm.
[Translated block]


"Just die."

That was the thought that quickly flashed through Melania's mind in a life-or-death situation.

"I can reverse it!"

"?????? What?"

It was the first time that Shirone's expression changed.

"The woman who sealed the psychic power is wandering around the prison. But, I can reverse it."

"The holy sound..."

The photon cannon disappeared.

"Can you save her?"

Knowing that a small mistake could ruin everything, Melania told the truth.

"I can't guarantee that. But

if you want to free her from hell, Shirone grabbed Melania's collar.

"Tell me. How do you do it?"

"Break through the prison."

"Prison."

They were the twelve apostles who kept every 0.666 seconds of every second.

"The psychic power is closed, but if you can pass through a time that is not in the law, you can also take out her soul."

"How do you break through?" Shirone couldn't even recognize the prison.

"Even the legion commander doesn't know the identity of the prison."

It was only a theory that it was a counterpoint to the dragon, the twelve apostles who kept time.

"Then it doesn't make sense."

Shirone raised his hand again, unable to control his anger, and Melania hurriedly said.

"But they are also following Satan's name. And this is where it all comes down to.

"There is someone who has been given authority over the prison in the human emperor. If you meet him, you'll know."

Shirone looked into Melania's eyes.

They were beautiful eyes with no trace of lies, but after all, they were devils who had deceived him with such eyes.

"......Who is he?"

"He is a human named Ogent Gai, the supreme commander."

He thought of Lian's older brother, whom he had met before, but it was only for a moment.

"A human has authority?"

"Satan, Habits is human too. The prison is not a concept controlled by the legion commander. It's more like something that Vulcan military left behind in case of an emergency." Shirone let go of his collar.

"Guide me, to where Ogent Gai is."

Whether it was true or not, he had no choice but to turn away from a way to save the holy sound.

"Yes, yes."

Melania got up with a sore head and gave orders to the devils around her.

"Everyone back off. Anyone who fights with humans after this moment will be killed by me first." The devils who were reluctant to do so could not disobey the legion commander's order.

Like cockroaches hiding in a corner, all the devils who surrounded them scattered.

"Let's go. I'll guide you."

"If you're lying...

Shirone said with a forceful look in his eyes.

"I'll bet everything on making you into the worst state."

It was hard to express such a huge emotion in words, and Melania swallowed her saliva.

'I don't care.'

If he could stop Yahweh's wrath for even a second.

The commander's office of Marsak, the emperor of humans.

Ogent Gai, who came here to prepare for battle, was lost in thought as he put on his armor.

'Family.'

Black hair and blue hair, they had different personalities but he remembered them as having a good relationship.

'Lian.'

He had no talent for swords and no iron will, but he was strangely fond of him.

'Is Ogent also in the era of blue hair now?' The reason why his chest swelled up was probably because of his family, but even such a thought was extravagant.

'I want to be stronger. Isn't that natural as a swordsman?'

He abandoned his family, his country, and even his personality and sided with the devils to pursue strength.

"I have to end this war."

As Gai turned around with his sword on his waist, a red whirlwind appeared in front of him.

"What is it?"

When Melania, the second legion commander, walked out of the whirlwind, his brow furrowed.

"Why are you here... Behind her, Shirone followed with a cold look in his eyes.
[Translated block]