


[558] Once Again, Steel Door (3)

* * *

That evening.

After the briefing, Iruki and Nade went straight to the study group.

As soon as they opened the door and entered, Shiro was sitting on the sofa with a pale face.

"What's wrong? Why is your face like that?"

Iruki spoke and Nade rolled up his sleeves and approached.

"Why? I guess my blood is drying up imagining the slaughter scene that will unfold. Come here. Let's hit everything except the mouth."

"Guys......"

Shiro turned his head with a scared expression.

"It's weird here."

"Yeah, it would be weird. It's where your corpse will be buried."

"Listen to me! It's real!"

"Shut up! The traitor only saves his mouth!"

With Nade's sincere wrestling, Shiro felt the world spinning.

"Ugh! Save me!"

This time, even Iruki didn't stop him.

"It's okay. You won't die. You just won't be able to act like a man."

"Ah! That's a good idea!"

Shiro's eyes widened.

"Wait! Uhahaha! It tickles!"

"We're still far away!"

With Nade's persistent torment, Shiro struggled.

"Uhahaha! Ah! Stop! It really hurts!"

After a sharp scream, Nade finally let go of Shiro and dusted off his hands.

"Huh, you know what will happen if you betray again, right?"

"I got it, I got it."

Iruki patted the sofa and spoke.

"Sit down for now. Let's listen. It must have been serious if you even wrote a will."

It wasn't enough to cool down just this much, but he wanted to hear the reason from Shiro more.

Shiro, who had also temporarily put aside his thoughts of the portrait, sat down.

"So what happened is......"

The story lasted for a long 2 hours, but even that was compressed.

Nade, who had been blinking for a while, suddenly asked.

"Do you write novels these days?"

"It's real!"

They knew that Shiro wasn't the type to lie, but it was a hard story to digest right away.

"Anyway, I got it. Hmm, so you refused the evaluation. It's definitely the right decision. If you can't show your prominence with scores, it's important to give an impact at the graduation exam."

At Iruki's words, Nade pounded his chest.

"Good! Don't worry, Shiro. I'll tell you all the information about the graduation class."

Iruki scoffed.

"What are you going to tell me? You're the last in the graduation class."

Shiro's eyes widened.

"What? Last? Nade, are you really last?"

"Ahaha, it just happened."

It was an unexpected result because Nade, who was not very enthusiastic about magic, always did it in the middle.

"It's because of me."

Nade, who had been the most empty since the leader of the Three Musketeers disappeared, was not weak enough to pass the burden on to his friend.

"No. It's definitely not that. Actually, I took the graduation class too lightly. I couldn't be lazy like the advanced class."

Iruki also admitted that point.

'Anyway, now that Shiro is back, that Nade guy will also get his act together.'

Because being left alone after all his friends graduate would be the most terrible result.

"By the way, if Nade is last, then Maya, Ider, and I are 27th. Iruki, what's your rank?"

Iruki answered briefly.

"8th."

"Wow, are you a class one? That's great."

"Well...... One guy lost his mind, so I had to balance it."

Nade stuck out his lips with a hateful expression.

"Besides, I'm not great. Amy is 5th."

'5th!'

Shiro's fists were filled with strength.

Considering that she had taken the final evaluation in 5th place last year, it was not bad for the mid-term pace.

Nade spoke.

"There are a total of 3 people who have been newly promoted to class one after you left. Amy, Iruki, Dante."
[Translated block]
"Where does Dante rank?"

"4th place."

"......"

From now on, Shirone decided to focus more on politics than on ability, but hearing about the progress of his friends made him anxious.

"So, three of the original class members have moved down to class two. There's also been a significant change in the rankings."

"It must have been fierce."

Nade shook his fist in frustration.

"Damn, after hearing Shirone's story, I understand. That Fermi guy, I wondered how he kept being the first, but he's been absorbing other people's magic."

"That's also a skill. And Shirone, you don't need to worry too much. You received special training from the great Miro."

Shirone then recalled his super sense.

"That's right, listen to my story."

As Shirone explained the ability of the time bomb, Nade opened his mouth in surprise.

"What are you talking about? What does it mean to perceive time differently?"

"I'll show you directly."

When Shirone, who had risen from his seat, entered the realm of oneness with water, the incarnation of the light angel emerged.

"This is... an incarnation?"

"Yes. It's a law that destroys time. Like this......"

When Shirone, who was moving his steps with a golden afterimage, stopped, his body moved to the position of 1 second ago.

"......"

At the end of the long silence, Iruki spoke.

"I see. So you're not jumping over time, but perceiving time differently?"

"That's right. And also the events of the future......"

The moment another loud noise was heard from the ceiling, Shirone, who had opened his eyes wide, shouted.

"This is it! Can you hear it? You're listening, right?"

His friends looked around.

"What are you hearing? I can only hear you talking."

Shirone turned his head towards the scream that burst out from outside the door.

"Look! Can't you hear the sound of fighting in the hallway?"

Iruki, who had checked the hallway, shook his head.

"There's no one there?"

Shirone deactivated the time bomb with a disappointed expression.

"Ha, why is this really happening?"

"What on earth is going on?"

As Shirone explained carefully, Iruki also showed a puzzled expression.

"Isn't it a side effect of the ability? While perceiving time differently......"

"That's not it. There was no problem anywhere else. It's only in Istas."

"Hmm, Istas......"

Shirone looked at Nade with a thoughtful expression.

"Do you have any idea? You've revealed the secret of my super sense before."

"No, it's not that, it's just that I remembered what I heard from my senior. As you know, the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society was a place where great seniors were involved. So, from a long time ago, many dark research societies have been eyeing this place."

Iruki interrupted.

"You're talking about the upper floor rumor, right? But if you listen to Shirone's story, it was just Miro's spacetime, right?"

"I thought so too. But how do you explain the super sense that Shirone felt now? More than anything, the story I heard from my direct senior keeps bothering me."

"What did you hear?"

Nade spoke without hesitation.

"There is everything that cannot exist in this world in the upper part of Istas. That's why so many research societies are trying to take over this place."

Shirone chewed on Nade's words.

"What can't exist in this world?"

"I don't know. Neither does the senior. It's a word that has been passed down from the senior's senior, and from that senior. It could just be a rumor. Honestly, I thought the secret of Istas was completely solved when I heard your story. But now......"

"There's something more."

Iruki showed interest and propped his chin.

"It's worth investigating. Isn't it something hidden in a specific coordinate of the building like Miro's spacetime?"

Nade's eyes sparkled as he shouted.

"That's it! Let's change the structure of the building! If you know that spacetime is working like a puzzle, Iruki can calculate it."
[Translated block]


"I didn't think that Iruki's brain function was inferior to that of a saint, but Shiro was worried in a different sense.

“Don't go too deep. We're graduating. We're short of training every day.”

Iruki pointed his finger.

“No. Because we're graduating. Once we graduate, when will we come back here? I can't let this fun be taken away by others.”

“Exactly! Let's write a new history. Let's reveal the secrets of Istas!”

Iruki hung up on Nade's half-color.

“You just don't want to take classes.”

“No. I'm going to work hard now. Because Shiro is back.”

There was nothing to say as a party to the incident, looking at friends who had a strong propulsion in a strange direction.

“Okay. Shall we start from now on?”

Shiro raised his hand and stopped him.

“No, I can't. I have a place to go today.”

“Huh? Where are you going at this time?”

“I think I should tell Amy. Because she would be upset if she knew she heard it later than you guys.”

Shiro didn't want his friends to fall too much on this side.

“Well, if you're going to get hit, it's better to get hit early. The whip will double every day.”

“Haha! Right. And let's solve the Istas problem on the weekend as much as possible. There are 15 weeks left until the graduation exam, so we have plenty of time.”

Iruki nodded his head.

“Then let's disband for now. Even if we can't enter the evaluation site, we'll be able to see it in the cafeteria anyway.”

The three people who made a paragraph left the warehouse of Istas, and when they arrived at the dormitory, it was already late at night.

‘Isn't it too late?’

Shiro, who returned to the room, was conflicted for a moment, but he was sure that she would not be sleeping.

“Yeah, I have to go.”

Shiro, who made a decision, froze on the spot as soon as he turned the doorknob while wearing a coat.

Amy, who was as surprised as Shiro, was standing there.

“…….”

It was a strange coincidence to face each other with a door in between, but Amy's eyes were calm again.

“You were in the room. Where were you going?”

“Huh? No, actually... I was going to see you.”

“Yeah.”

When Shiro couldn't speak out because of an unexpected reaction, Amy pointed to the room.

“Can I come in for a moment?”

“Of course.”

Shiro, who gave Amy a chair and sat on the bed, waited for the timing to open his mouth in an awkward atmosphere.

“Um……

The two spoke at the same time, and Amy took the lead.

“You speak first.”

“Yeah. I want to explain. Why I had to leave. So I am…….”

“Wait. I'll just speak first.”

Shiro swallowed his saliva in an unexpected situation.

“Let me do that. I want to make sure before my heart gets weak.”

Before my heart gets weak.

Even though Amy hasn't revealed anything yet, Shiro's heart pounded just by hearing that.

“Amy, no matter what explanation you give, I don't intend to forgive you.”

“Amy…….”

“Don't misunderstand. It's not that I won't see you or break up with you. It's just that I am…….”

Amy, who had been hesitating, raised her head again.

“You just disappeared like that, and I didn't have any choice. Whether I should keep waiting for you like this, or just forget it.”

“I understand. I'm sorry.”

There was nothing to say even if there were ten mouths.

It was a journey that left with the assumption that it might not be able to return, although it cannot be determined by probability whether it is a matter of life or death.

Amy smiled and said.

“So, just that. If you expect something from me, or think you can go back to the time before you left, you don't need to explain. You're still a good friend. What I mean by my words…….”
[Translated block]
Suddenly, Amy stopped talking and had a blank expression on her face.

She had run countless simulations in her head before entering the room, but this was an unexpected situation.
[Translated block]