


```text
[186] 4. Reversal of the Law (7)

The whirlwind snake split its shadow into dozens of strands and attacked Siroene.

Siroene was defenseless against the tentacle attacks that flew in from all sides.

At that moment, lasers scattered and spread out in several streams.

The strategy of dispersing energy and destroying it in individual battles was an excellent choice. But there was no way to avoid the drop in damage per second.

Shadows thicker than a giant's thigh pushed up to Siroene's vicinity.

The people watching screamed. It seemed like Siroene's body would soon be torn to pieces.

A strand of tentacles exploded, unable to withstand the accumulation of energy. Then all the tentacles exploded simultaneously.

The explosions that followed each other's tails pushed into the body, which was the main body.

The whirlwind snake stretched out new tentacles, but Siroene knew by now that reaching energy saturation was faster than the time it took for the tentacles to reach.

This is because Siroene's energy is dispersed as much as the whirlwind snake's durability has to be dispersed.

The ensuing battle was a battle of light and darkness.

As if two fleets floating on the sea were exchanging fierce bombings while keeping their distance, dozens of tentacles raised afterimages, and Siroene's flashes followed them and exploded them.

The tempo of attack and defense was so fast that it was impossible to follow the movement of the shadows with the eyes.

Siroene spewed lasers with 70% of his senses relying on the empathy of the spirit zone.

There were dozens of injection points, and the three-dimensional run of the line dominated the space.

Now it was a matter of who got tired first.

Siroene sensed defeat. He felt like crying with tension, but his mind immersed in battle did not allow him to change his expression.

The whirlwind snake roared when Siroene's mind faded. He was doing his best too.

He felt a sense of kinship when he thought so.

The whirlwind snake seemed to sense death and struggled, but there was no space left in the shadows to absorb energy.

The energy of the laser shook the whole of the whirlwind snake.

A violent explosion blew away the body and scattered fragments of shadows.

The gradually thinning laser disappeared like a drop of water in front of Siroene.

People watched the course of events without moving a muscle.

Siroene also sat down on the spot, holding back his desire to collapse right away. The others looked at him blankly.

The human being of the earth erased the law.

Kanya, Lena, Gardrak, and Clove knew what this result meant.

That boy is dangerous.

It is a law because it cannot be destroyed. Only God can change God's will. Siroene had invaded an inviolable area that did not allow any being to change.

"What are you... What are you? What is that magic? How did you learn such magic?"

No one answered him.

In fact, they didn't know either. The principle of magic is the same, but Siroene's magic is impossible to imitate.

Unique magic created from God's particles has its pros and cons.

Laser has the potential to suppress strong enemies, but it is hard to see its effect on fast-moving targets. Rage is timing-dependent, and photon cannon consumes a lot of mental power for basic magic.
```
[Translated block]


```text
But Shirone compensated for his weaknesses with light scattering, diamond-like durability, and infinite mental power drawn from Immortal Function.

Shirone was now in a unique position that could not be classified as any type of magician.

Canis realized why the magic society called Unrocker a Unique.

It wasn't over just by opening Immortal Function. How much balance could you harmonize through your own battery.

In that sense, Shirone was becoming a Unique.

Clover looked at Shirone with complicated feelings.

He was grateful for saving his life, but he was worried about what would happen if he entered Norin's society.

He must never be dominated by a fake.

But he couldn't suppress him with his skills either, so the only thing left was to kill his spirit from the beginning.

"Don't be proud of that. If my master hadn't been injured, he could have escaped easily. It's dangerous to remove the law from heretics. The vortex snake is gone, so a new law will be created, and you won't be able to play the role of a guide here anymore. It was dangerous this time, so I can't help it, but you'd better be careful in the future."

Shirone wasn't listening. He was staring intently at something that had fallen from the sky.

It was a jewel that shone transparently like a water drop.

"Hey! Can't you hear me? Are you ignoring me now?"

Shirone finally turned his head. And he pointed to the three jewels that had fallen in front of him and asked.

"Hey, what are these? They seem to have fallen when the vortex snake exploded."

"Huh? This, this......!"

Clover's eyes widened when he saw the jewels.

It was White Elixir.

The first time he encountered White Elixir was at 'Nor's Shop' in the mainland, a huge community.

At that time, he was auctioning off a water drop spirit, which was expected to be the highest-priced item in the market, but an independent Nor group that did not belong to the community won it with 23 White Elixirs.

Unlike water spirits, water drop spirits were hard to come by. The sea or river did not move, so spirits were often born, but water drops were not something that was constantly created.

But it was weaker than water spirits magically.

However, if you contract with a water drop spirit, it makes your skin smooth, prevents aging, and gives you a little healing ability, so it was popular among women.

At that time, he knew that the value of a water drop spirit was about 4,600 Red Elixirs or 670 Green Elixirs.

It was worth enough to catch 7,000 bats.

"White! White Elixir!"

Clover flew like a flying squirrel and reached out his hand.

As he tried to grab the elixir, Shirone snatched it away by scratching the ground.

He felt a sadness as if the ground had collapsed and turned his head with a frown.

Of course, it was Shirone's thing because Shirone caught it. But it's human nature to see other people's things bigger, so he couldn't give up easily.

Especially since Shirone didn't even know the value of White Elixir?

"Hmm hmm, why are you looking at me like that? I just wanted to see it for a while."

"What is this?"

"Just what... It's nothing. It's an elixir, something heretics use to trade things. You have to look closely to judge its value, can you show me for a moment?"

"Sure, okay. Here."

Shirone willingly handed over the elixir. Clover quickly snatched the elixir as if his mind would change.

Kanya, who realized the situation, came up with double daggers in her eyes.

"Hey! Why are you taking that? There must be some rules for heretics too. The person who hunted gets the elixir, don't you know?"

"What did I do? And we hunted together."

"What did you do? The only person who deserves to have an elixir here is Shirone. Give it back."
```
[Translated block]


"Che! You were fighting earlier, but suddenly you're acting friendly? Do you not have any Mojos or Shinmins in front of Elixir? Do you know how to show off your mind and get some rice cake water?"

"You're funny! Shinmin doesn't need Elixir or anything! And Shirone, you should know this too if you want to live with Norin in the future! Elixir is food, water, air, and life. Especially White Elixir, it's worth a lot of money! Don't give it away or anything."

"It's okay. I just wanted to see it, so I showed it to him."

"What if he runs away? What are you going to do then?"

Shirone leaned his upper body and touched the ground.

"Haha! How can he run away?"

"How can he run away? Of course..."

Kanya stopped talking and blinked.

Come to think of it, what was he going to do with White Elixir without any skills?

Shirone's friends standing behind him were also watching Guardlock's every move. But they didn't show any signs of tension either.

They knew that it would take Shirone less than a second to subdue Clove if he wanted to.

Clove seemed to have reached the same conclusion and looked embarrassed. He must have been blinded by greed and lost his judgment. It was fortunate that he didn't reveal his true intentions.

Guardlock looked at him pitifully and said.

"Clove, give it back. It's not something you can handle."

Clove's face turned red as he handed over the elixir.

"I just wanted to see it. Here, here. I saw it well."

Shirone took the elixir. He threw it over his palm and looked at the shape reflected in the sunlight. He asked Guardlock.

"But what is this for? You said it was elixir?"

Guardlock checked how much light was restored. It seemed that he could leave in five minutes with the increasing intensity of light.

"You can't survive in hell with just human power. The environment is harsh and food is scarce. Some places have diseases and some places have sulfur fire that burns the air so you can't even breathe. Elixir is an item that allows humans to survive in such an environment. There are five colors, but there is no hierarchy. They are all necessary. It's just that grades are given according to rarity. White Elixir is the second rarest item. Thanks to its properties of regeneration and purification, it is an indispensable ingredient for devices that make air or medicines that heal wounds."

"I see. Can you buy something with this?"

"Of course. There are also merchants at Nor's shelter where we are going, so it would be nice to buy something you want. But for something like White Elixir, you'll have to go to Nor's shop. It's the most active market on the mainland."

Shirone had one question in mind.

Three elixirs obtained from the whirlwind snake.

But the fact that such items were traded normally meant that someone was hunting creatures of the same level as the whirlwind snake.

Guardlock nodded obediently when he heard Shirone's question.

"Hell is wide. It's huge. Norin built an independent society, but there were countless communities before that. The place we're going is just close to heaven. They don't even dare to get out of the world beyond that boundary. White Elixir comes from beyond that boundary. From those who can travel much farther than us."

Shirone hoped there would be many merchants at Nor's shelter as he kept the elixir in his arms.

As in the original world, gold coins were nothing but minerals if they could not be exchanged for goods. No matter how precious White Elixir was, it was better to buy something he needed right away if he wasn't going to make a living in hell.

As people gathered in the gap of the valley, Guardlock clenched his light. His body shone as the ancient magic Elaizer activated, and white light spread through the gap of the valley.

The blade-like edge of light weakened and revealed the original scenery.

---

Wow, that's quite a story you have there. What are you reading? Is it a novel or a webtoon? And who are these characters? Shirone, Guardlock, Kanya, Clove... They sound like they live in a very dangerous world.
[Translated block]


The sound of the silent wind seeped into the place where people had disappeared.

5. Nor's Shelter (1)

The field was buried with the remains of ruins. A shallow stream flowed and wildflowers bloomed along the riverbank.

The ancient site, which had aged with time, felt more cozy than desolate. Butterflies flew between the tilted arches and a few people were resting.

Shirone, who arrived at Nor's Shelter, looked around the arrival point.

Light was coming down like a spotlight. Looking closer, he saw that light fairies were flying along the pillars of light.

The ancient magic Elyzer seemed to be a magic that moved from light to light.

Do you want to know more about this text or how I translated it?
[Translated block]