


Chapter 577: Omnipotent Monster (4)

* * *

Day 5 of Scramble Royale.

As soon as the first Scramble was summoned, Iruki cast a spatial teleportation to the nearest coordinates.

Fortunately, the Scramble wasn't too far away, and he teleported into the Ichon training ground.

It should have been empty as it was lunchtime, but one person was waiting for him.

"Eden."

She, who had not shown herself all day yesterday.

He thought she might be planning something, but he couldn't find any changes.

Except for the fierce faith wrapped around her eyes.

"Did you wait on purpose?"

The fact that it's a natural enemy to defensive magic is not just cancellation, but also because Iruki's magic is extremely offensive.

Even so, if they met from the first round, it was right to think that they had a special purpose.

"There's something I need to check before I meet Shirone."

'Is it an experimental subject.'

If it's Hershey's ability, finding the location would be easy.

"So... are you going to take it?"

Iruki pointed to the Scramble.

"Maybe... I guess?"

"Hehe!"

A spark of Overdrive jumped in Iruki's eyes.

'Even if you scratch your pride, you're generous.'

Cancellation!

There was nothing to hide until the 5th day, and the tremendous data penetrated Iruki's brain.

'Just try anything.'

There was no need to understand the mechanism of magic.

It was only possible for Servant Syndrome to simply analyze the entire battery and reverse the vector.

"I believe in your existence."

Eden began to undress.

"In me, the love of God dwells."

Even while she was walking naked, Iruki did not stop analyzing.

"That love will dwell in the world again."

'Done!'

As soon as the analysis was completed, the cancellation magic was cast.

"Therefore, beyond faith...."

Eden spread her arms.

"I know you exist."

Proof of God's Existence-Absolute Barrier.

From the mere sight of a naked girl, without any visible effects, Iruki was shocked.

"...That's ridiculous."

"What are you doing? If you can do something, try it. That's why I came to find you."

Cancellation was not applied.

'The vector doesn't move.'

Immobility and micro-motion are completely different concepts.

Even if it moves a little, canceling the magic is a matter of time, but now it was impossible to change itself.

'It's not a battery problem.'

Absolute omnipotence.

The extreme cognition of feeling God beyond faith strengthened Eden's omnipotence.

Her spirit zone was stuck to her body as if it was vacuum-packed, but it was enough to protect herself.

"Well, I'll take it."

'I have to stop it.'

Looking at Eden walking towards the Scramble, Iruki activated the double spirit zone unique to the servant.

'I have no choice.'

The power of nuclear fusion explosion was beyond imagination, but if Eden could not be stopped here, the game would be completely tilted.

'The time to walk to the Scramble is about 11.73 seconds.'

Iruki, who designed a 10-second explosion equation, left his seat and finally Eden, who approached the Scramble, reached out.

'Nuclear Fusion!'

From where Eden's hand reached out, a strong light gathered and expanded in an instant, blowing away the scenery.

Boom!

At the sound of the explosion from the mountain, all the students turned around, and Shina rubbed her temples.

"What? Is it an accident?"

It was a huge explosion that even from a distance, the shape of the mountain seemed to have been deformed.

'Even though it's my magic, it's really amazing.'

Iruki, who landed on a tree branch, confirmed that Ichon was blown away without a trace.

The financial loss would be huge, but the aftermath was a problem to think about later.

"Anyway... Huh?"

Iruki's eyes widened as he checked where the Scramble was.

Eden was holding a card in her hand without a single hair damaged.
[Translated block]


It was a white card.

"Now, one more."

She said, looking back at Iluki in the distance.

"Infinite will be completed today."

"Do you know how much a two-thousand device costs?"

It was Iluki who threw it away, but he was so upset that he said such a thing.

"I don't know."

Eden didn't get angry or argue.

Because even if the universe is destroyed, as long as God protects it, it can't harm her.

"I believe in your existence. That your love, God's love, is in me...."

Iluki muttered weakly, looking at Eden's retreating figure, reciting a prayer.

"We're going to lose, aren't we?"

* * *

Dorothy was hiding behind a tree, trembling.

Even though she had already conceded Scrumble, Prings was persistently following her.

"Dorothy, where are you? Are you hiding here?"

When Prings rustled the bushes, Dorothy's shoulder, which was far away, twitched.

"Not here? Then are you here?"

The nauseating tone of voice.

'Look down on me!'

Although she thought so, her body was still unable to move.

'Pervert.'

Dorothy anticipated what would happen when she was caught by Prings.

She would tell everything.

Her secret secrets, even her family, and even the horrible secrets she didn't want to think about, would be unraveled.

"Aha, you were there?"

Dorothy's heart sank.

"Just kidding. Don't be nervous."

Her two legs, which had lost their strength, trembled.

"Are you scared to death? That's why hide and seek is fun. Enjoy it, Dorothy. Because I'm thrilled right now."

'You know. You know where I am.'

It was a conviction that both of them had, even though they were not in the spirit zone.

"It smells. The smell of Dorothy's unique desire dissatisfaction."

At the voice heard from just 1 meter behind, Dorothy's mind drifted away.

"Then where, let's meet our princess...."

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Then Hershey's summoning signal went off.

Prings, who was looking at the sky, turned his seagull eyes and spoke to the tree where Dorothy was hiding.

"Hershey is calling. You survived, Dorothy. How do you feel? Are you going crazy with relief? Huh? Huh?"

"......"

"If you beg me to go back, I'll go back. Beg me. Cry."

'Heeheehee......'

Dorothy desperately closed her trembling jaw.

"......See you next time, miss."

As soon as the sound of space movement exploded, Dorothy fell forward.

"Heuk! Heuk!"

The feeling of relief was momentary, and unbearable misery flooded her whole body.

"What... what am I doing here?"

Hickory was looking at the falling tears.

* * *

'Religion (○○○).'

Eden has already collected three cards.

'It's one by one in the first round. Well, there's no way to stop it.'

Iluki was lost in thought.

Then how to stop it?

As long as there is an overwhelming difference in omnipotence, cancellation is not necessary.

'Only 0.1 percent needs to penetrate.'

Since there is no need to worry about what you can't have, he sought a second alternative.

'Is it external after all?'

If the explosion equation of nuclear fusion is extended to about 1 minute, it may pass.

'Will you wait until then? No, even if it is strategically induced, the aftermath of that explosion is not a joke.'

It was a problem that could cause casualties, which is different from the dimension that two thousand flew away.

"First of all, we need to gather opinions. The summoning signal......"

Then Dorothy appeared through the bushes.

"Dorothy? What happened?"

There was no reason for her, who was in charge of collecting the scramble of allies, to find Iluki.

"I'm sorry. I want to quit."

"What happened?"

"I'll pay the price. I'll pay it back no matter what. So please let me quit."
[Translated block]


As Dorothy shed tears, Eruki, who felt the seriousness of the situation, stood up from his seat.

"First, let's talk. We need to know what's going on to make a decision."

"I'm scared of Prings."

Dorothy, who had been sitting under the tree, spilled out what she had been through with Prings for two days.

"......So that happened. But there are ways to strategize to avoid encountering each other in the future."

"That's not the problem."

For the first time, Dorothy opened up about herself.

"I'm a pathetic kid. While my friends were busy with diplomacy and politics classes, I was in bed making strange imaginations. Is there a god? The afterlife? Where did we come from? I collected data and made games by myself......"

A sad smile formed at the corners of Dorothy's mouth.

"When I was young, everyone said it was fun. But do you know what I hear the most when I talk about it now?"

Eruki waited for an answer.

"How are you going to live in the future?"

As if possessed by them, Dorothy poured out her words.

"Are you going to be a wizard? Isn't the public exam difficult? Have you thought about how much you can earn in a year? If you really want to try, you can't just stay like this, right?"

Anger rose in Dorothy's eyes.

"What do I know! That kind of thing!"

Fantasy was the only reality where she could be happy.

"Why does everyone look down on me for thinking like this!"

Eruki realized why he had chosen her.

"Of course. They're afraid of you."

"Me?"

"I was the same. Because it's scary to remain a child, everyone becomes an adult. And then they realize."

Eruki raised his index finger.

"That adults are useless."

"......"

"There are no adults in the world. There are only children and children pretending to be adults. They endure by doing so because they are equally scared."

Eruki patted Hickory's shoulder.

"But you made this. You're fighting with the graduation class kids with a tin doll full of all kinds of absurd imaginations. Now there's only the last hurdle left. If you become a wizard......"

Eruki helped Dorothy stand up.

"If you become a wizard, you don't have to be afraid of anything."

"Wizard......"

"Yes. Let's win the Scrumble Royale."

It was a game he wanted to win, regardless of rewards and consequences.

"But Prings is too terrible."

"You can avoid dirty things. Everyone has secrets they want to hide. Me too."

"What is it?"

"Huh?"

Eruki, who had been looking at Dorothy, lowered his head.

"It's a secret I want to hide because I don't want to talk about it."

"But I told you. It's fair for you to tell me."

"That's......"

Eruki stuck out his lips and said.

"You appeared in my dream last time."

Dorothy, who had been blinking her eyes, covered her mouth and laughed.

"Ahaha! What's that?"

* * *

As half of the fifth day passed, darkness began to fall.

Nade, who had infiltrated the high-class girls' dormitory with his face covered, entered the laundry room with his eyes tightly closed.

"Kyaaaak!"

The expected scream erupted, but there was no thought of stopping the infiltration.

'Why there of all places......!'

The light of the scramble was coming from the basket where the underwear was stored.

"Move! Move!"

Nade pushed the juniors and rummaged through the basket like a starving mouth.

"Pervert!"

"Who's a pervert!"

Even though Nade had officially entered the graduation class, there was no title to give to a panty thief.

"Damn it! You guys will see!"

"Shut up, Nade!"

"I'm Fermi! Fermi of the graduation class!"

"Shut up, Nade!"

Even though Nade had officially entered the graduation class, there was no title to give to a panty thief.

"Damn it! You guys will see!"

"Shut up, Nade!"

"I'm Fermi! Fermi of the graduation class!"

"Shut up, Nade!"

When Nade collected the scramble and left the laundry room, the girls were already lying in the hallway.

"Catch him! He's a panty thief!"

"Who's a panty thief!"

Nade, whose face was burning, shouted.

"I'm Fermi! Fermi of the graduation class!"

"Shut up, Nade!"

Even though Nade had officially entered the graduation class, there was no title to give to a panty thief.

"Damn it! You guys will see!"
[Translated block]


After committing such a meaningless act, he stepped out of the dormitory with a random card in his arms and let out a rough breath.

"Phew, at least I got one somehow."

It was a precious time to have a card, as Pisho was scraping up Scrumble with insect magic and Eden was destroying Scrumble with absolute defense ability.

"I have to go and get praised quickly. Huh?"

Just as he was about to fly towards his friends, Shining Magic sprang up from the sky.

Nade muttered as he checked the number and tempo of the flashes.

"A distress signal?"
[Translated block]