


```text
[260] The Revealed Truth (5)

She was the principal of the Royal Magic School 10 years ago, and now she's the headmaster of a local school.

She's not the type to lie in front of a reporter, so it must be true.

But why? Why did she choose to ruin her career that she built up all her life in an instant?

What is it about this school?

Alpheus was suspicious too.

He had become closer to her lately, letting go of his old grudge, but she was always reluctant to take the headmaster position.

"Olivia. You......"

"Be quiet. We can talk about that later."

Olivia looked at him impatiently and Alpheus quickly shut his mouth.

Meanwhile, Klein's eyes moved quickly. He did a fast cost-benefit analysis in his head.

A small mistake had caused this situation. No, could this be called a mistake?

It was just Olivia's whim.

But he had no choice but to follow the whim of a second-class grand mage.

Klein hurriedly knelt down and lay on the floor.

"I'm sorry! I made a mistake without knowing the situation. I should have paid my respects beforehand, but I didn't know that you were thinking like that, Olivia......"

He had no choice but to apologize.

When Olivia could crush someone rationally, she became the most terrifying existence in the world.

She had hundreds of disciples who were sitting in the leadership positions of various fields of society. She could make him unable to set foot in the teacher's association with just a word, let alone banish him from society forever.

"I'll issue a correction article right away. Please give me one more chance! I'll do whatever I can to fix this situation."

Olivia sighed deeply.

If it was that easy, she wouldn't have made this atmosphere in the first place.

The magazine had already spread to the world, and there was no way to collect them all. Even if he did, he couldn't erase people's memories.

"Correcting the article will only make the issue bigger. Don't create unnecessary issues."

"Then what should I do?"

Klein lifted his head with tears in his eyes.

The woman who came in with her head held high had become a rookie reporter who had just entered the teacher's association in 10 minutes.

"And... apologize to Shirone."

Klein turned his head to Shirone while kneeling.

Shirone had a complex expression on her face.

She was angry, but she also felt sorry for Klein who was fighting and bowing to protect his livelihood.

Maybe it was because she was an adult. It was an adult's life where everything could end with one mistake.

"I'm sorry. I'll do anything you want as compensation, please just give me one more chance......"

Shirone didn't want to hear it.

She wanted to yell at him that he shouldn't have done it in the first place, but that was also pointless.

She couldn't even look at him because he was an adult who was fifteen years older than her and crawling on his knees and banging his head on the ground.

"It's okay. Just go. It's already over. You can't turn back time anyway. But if you get a chance later, I hope you apologize to my parents."

"Yes, I'll visit them as soon as possible. I'm really sorry."

Olivia smiled bitterly.

Any student would be similar, but Shirone was especially stubborn. If she was a smarter kid, she wouldn't have kicked Klein out like this.

'Well, she's a kid who has nothing to do with ambition or greed.'

The characteristic of those who realized immortal function was that their way of thinking was metaphysical. They lacked thirst for worldly things and pursued ideals, and showed deep interest in worlds beyond imagination.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


Regardless of Shirone's personality, Olivia didn't want to get rid of Klein.

Even in a sovereign state, the power of the press was not to be ignored, and she was smart.

Besides, he had a high reputation in the correspondent world, so it was much more profitable to keep him by her side and protect him than to raise a new correspondent.

"Klein, you are a capable kid. Don't make such a mistake again. Let's have a meal when this is over."

"Thank you! There will never be such a thing again!"

"Okay, go ahead."

Klein bowed his head repeatedly and backed away.

With this, Alpheus and Shirone had nothing to say.

They chose the best possible solution in the current situation, and Klein also tasted the feeling of falling into hell, so they felt somewhat relieved.

Olivia looked at Shirone and said.

"I'm sorry. It's my fault. Of course, strictly speaking, it's this inspiration's fault."

Alpheus covered his mouth and coughed.

Shirone tried to smile.

This did not resolve all the emotions, but for him who had no place to rely on, Olivia and Alpheus were a strong support.

Alpheus consoled Shirone.

"This too will pass soon. You have finals coming up soon, so don't think about anything and focus on the exam. Then everything will return to normal."

"Yes, thank you. I'll go now."

Shirone expressed his sincere gratitude and left the principal's office.

Although the protagonists of this incident had all disappeared, there was still tension in the principal's office.

Olivia closed her eyes and sank into thought. Then she looked at Alpheus and asked.

"Do you really think so?"

Alpheus had no answer.

If it was a serious enough issue, time would be the medicine. But Shirone's case was different.

What they were thinking about was not the problem that Shirone's origin was low or that he had no qualification to attend magic school.

"We have no choice but to watch. Maybe... nothing will happen."

"I hope so. But..."

Olivia stopped talking.

As Alpheus said, there was nothing to change by talking now. She could only hope that the terrible bomb hidden behind this incident would not surface.

@

The finals were over.

Last semester, they went straight to vacation after the exam, but there was one more schedule in the second half.

It was the graduation exam for the graduating class.

As it was the biggest festival of magic school where all students watched, the atmosphere of the school was also lively.

Shirone's final grade result was 6th in Class 4.

The first place was Dante, followed by Sabina, Closer, Boyle, Pandora in order.

Below Shirone were Iruki and Nade.

Shirone, who had greatly improved his weakest point of transmission in a year, was satisfied. On the other hand, Iruki and Nade seemed to be shocked by falling behind in the theory test and were out of their minds for a while.

If you add up the scores of the practical test, Shirone's rank was as high as 3rd place.

Dante was the overall first place and Iruki was next.

Anyway, Dante took first place overall and broke him in two thousand times, so many students favored Shirone as the first candidate for graduation.

However, his reputation was not as good as before.

Because his origin was revealed, some of the kids who followed Shirone moved away one by one.

Among them, there were people who spat out words of contempt for Shirone.

Shirone felt emotional every time that happened, but he didn't show it.

Klein kept his promise and didn't publish any more articles in Spirit magazine.

According to Olivia, he went to his parents and begged on his knees.

There are days when you fall into a swamp once in a while as you live, so Shirone thought this was also a passing wind.

Maybe it could have been like that.

But the article about Shirone that appeared only once in Spirit magazine came back with a huge aftermath that exceeded everyone's expectations.
[Translated block]


```text
One day, 15 days before the graduation exam, a commotion broke out at the magic school.

Clank! Clank!

About 40 knights in full armor passed through the noble district of Torumia. They were military escorting a carriage.

The carriage decorated with a golden crown was so huge that it could eat, sleep and live inside.

Even the arrogant nobles did not dare to frown at the march of the armed forces occupying the road.

So it was natural that the guards at the school gate were terrified.

When the carriage stopped at the gate, the school's security system was in chaos.

The security chief ran out and read the document handed by the leading knight, and he turned paler than when he ran out and ran to the principal's office.

"Principal! There's trouble!"

The security chief opened the door of the principal's office as soon as he knocked.

Olivia frowned at the rude person who hated manners.

But when she saw that the security chief, who was close to fifty, had a face that looked like he was about to cry, she put her emotions aside for a moment.

"What's wrong?"

"Well, there ... someone came to visit ... no, look at this!"

Instead of explaining in words, the security chief put the document on the desk.

Olivia picked up the document with curiosity rather than tension and read it carefully.

"Haah ..."

Olivia sighed and put down the document, holding her forehead.

"W-what do we do? Should we let them in?"

"Of course we have to. How can we kick them out? Guide them this way. I'll go out to meet them as soon as I'm ready."

"Yes sir!"

The security chief ran away without even saying hello.

Olivia thought about following him and scolding him for his rudeness, but she wasn't unaware of his feelings. He probably had a tingling sensation in his stomach and no thoughts in his head.

"In the end ... it happened."

Olivia leaned her elbows on her desk and held her chin.

She had feared that something would happen, but she didn't expect it to be such a big deal.

'Well ... they couldn't help but move. After seeing such an article.'

Maybe it was a good thing for Sironne?

He might hate it by nature, but it was definitely a blessing for his future and life when he considered it.

"Anyway ... I have to go out and see."

Olivia quickly changed her clothes and left the principal's office.

@

As the house-sized carriage crossed the garden, students stopped and looked.

The size of the carriage was surprising, but it was the first time that armed soldiers with weapons had entered the school.

"What is it? What's going on?"

"Did a war break out somewhere? Why did knights come into school?"

There were murmurs from here and there, but the knights did not even look at them and moved on.

Finally, the carriage stopped where the central building of the school was located.

The knights guarded their surroundings with their hands on their sword handles as if they would draw their swords as soon as something suspicious appeared.

Students who heard rumors flocked one by one. Finally, hundreds of people filled around the carriage.

Still, the carriage remained motionless in its place without any movement.

Alpheus came out first to meet Olivia's signal.

But even though the former principal of the school appeared, the knights did not relax their vigilance.

"Principal, what's going on? Did something happen at school?"

Alpheus couldn't say anything to his students.

He was skeptical even after receiving Olivia's signal, but when he saw it with his own eyes, it was beyond his expectations.

On the roof of the carriage decorated with a golden crown, there was a lion statue carved in gold.

There was only one country on the continent that used lion symbols.

Alpheus had just arrived too, so he didn't hear any details, but if they came, he knew what it was without hearing it.

Sironne.

The mistake Kline made eventually brought this situation.

'No, should I call this a situation? Maybe for Sironne ....'
```
[Translated block]


```text
At that moment, the door of the carriage opened and an old man with sharp eyes came down. The knights cleared the way for him as he walked stubbornly with his mouth shut.

He was frail and limped, but his face had a fierce and arrogant impression.

He looked around the students in the audience and took out a scroll from his chest with a strong and haughty expression.

The scroll was also made of high-quality paper and had a gold border.

"I am Ordos, the administrative official of the Kingdom of Kazra and the envoy who carries the king's name!"
```

I hope this is what you wanted. Do you have any other requests for me? 😊
[Translated block]