


```text
[518] The Nameless Prosecutor (2)

Lian slowly averted his gaze from Fox's murderous eyes.

It was another thing he learned while fighting on the battlefield: it was better to avoid a fight if possible.

No, that was a lie.

He had seen many people who did not fear death and kept their faith.

'What's the problem?'

It wasn't a one-dimensional fear of pain when wounded or death when everything ended.

He wasn't sure about the sword.

The anxiety of having to throw himself into an uncertain future every moment was sometimes more frightening than giving up his life.

Fox, who carefully observed Lian's stiff face, realized something and burst into laughter.

"Kuku, you're a greenhorn who hasn't even dried the blood on your head."

It was a common thing.

Greenhorns who learned a little swordsmanship and flaunted their night owl-like power to ordinary people.

There were also such types among the bandits, but Fox's skills were different from them.

Above all, he could use schema.

"Let's pay the price later......"

Fox muttered and suddenly turned his head and glared at Sylvia.

"What's going on, Sylvia? I've been so good to you, but you brought in another guy? Are you also a woman who can't help it?"

Sylvia's face crumpled at the disgusting misunderstanding.

"Despicable human. I don't want to hear that from someone who covets his friend's woman."

Fox's face turned red.

He had given up everything and became a bandit, but he always felt uncomfortable with his last conscience when he thought of Sylvia's husband, who was his comrade.

"Shut up! He's dead! He's not in this world anymore!"

Fox recalled the magic phrase that shook off his conscience.

"And I've liked you since I was young. I want to love you."

"It's not love to be interested in a married woman with a daughter. It's dirty obsession."

"Dirty obsession?"

Fox's face turned cold as if he had become another person.

"Is that what you think? I could have had you anytime. But you say it's dirty obsession. Fine, then I won't hold back anymore."

As Fox approached with a menacing aura, Liz blocked her mother's front.

"Don't bother my mom! Dad won't forgive you!"

Fox's cold eyes pierced Liz.

"Liz, I'm not trying to bother your mom. I'm trying to save her from this hellish life. Your dad will surely thank me."

Sylvia felt dizzy at his brazen words.

"You're insane. You're crazy."

"Kuku, maybe so. But what difference does it make if you don't go crazy? If I can have you, I'd rather choose to go crazy."

Sylvia realized that there was no way to persuade Fox and pushed Liz outside and shouted.

"Liz! Run away!"

And she threw the soup pot on the table at Fox.

"Hmph!"

Fox smashed the pot with his thick fist and Sylvia came close and stabbed him in the abdomen with a fork.

Fox flinched his shoulder and casually checked his wound.

It was too much to expect a utensil used at home to pierce through his steel-like muscles.

"You cheeky......!"

Fox slapped her cheek and Sylvia's body slammed into the floor like a rag doll
[Translated block]


"I'll kill you first. How about it? If you're confident, come on
[Translated block]


```text
'This is not the angle. It's just a fluke.'

The thieves couldn't see what Lian was looking at.

Even Fox, who used Schema, could not understand the simple truth hidden in the high realm that Lian showed.

"Damn it! It's a fluke!"

As Lian swung his greatsword diagonally with one foot outstretched, two thieves turned into pieces with a clank.

The thieves realized the seriousness of the situation at the sword strike that cut two people to the bone.

"What, what is this kid...!"

"Get out of the way, you idiots!"

Fox ran in to cut his neck himself with the greatsword, thinking that the danger would increase as the number decreased.

The momentum of the thieves, including the boss, overwhelmed Lian, but surprisingly, the battle was tense.

'I went too deep. This is not swordsmanship.'

The number of thieves was gradually decreasing, but I didn't even feel like I was cutting them.

He wanted to perfectly implement the trajectory in his head and explode it refreshingly, but there was no way to prove its existence.

He couldn't even tell if he was wielding swordsmanship or dancing like a lunatic.

Chang!

When the sharp iron sound brought Lian's spirit back to reality, 11 people were already dead and only Fox remained.

"Damn it!"

Fox was pushed back by Lian's stormy offensive.

He had already greatly enhanced his physical abilities through Schema, but all he could do was avoid attacks.

The presence or absence of Schema in battle makes a difference as big as a barrier between species.

The fact that he didn't feel that gap meant that the technical gap was indescribably huge.

'What the hell is this guy? He's not an ordinary swordsman.'

What annoyed him more was that Lian had no hope in his eyes even though he had such skills.

'You're wrong! This too, that too, everything is wrong!'

Lian saw what Fox couldn't see.

That's why every time he swung his sword, despair like death came.

'No.'

He doesn't have a genius insight that pierces the shortest distance.

The process of swinging hundreds and thousands of times and adjusting the error at a level less than 1 millimeter was the only way for him to go to the next level.

'This is not it.'

But he sees it.

Some ideal realm that cannot be explained in words.

It was because that realm flickered that all standards were messed up.

"This is not what I'm saying!"

At the moment Lian burst into rage, Godlike Transcendence was activated for the first time.

He cut off even the sword that Fox blocked and cut his torso vertically before stopping his greatsword.

A silence as if the world had stopped.

As Fox's body fell to both sides with a thud, the villagers began to go inside the building only then.

He cut off 12 thieves by himself.

He was a master who could never be seen in a village where there was not even a single grass to eat because it was completely ruined.

"Huh! Huh!"

Lian felt relieved for the first time since the battle began, but no matter how hard he tried to remember, he couldn't remember his posture just before.

'What the hell is this...'

When he looked around after grabbing his sword, he saw no one but Sylvia and Liz.

'Did I win?'

No, I survived.

It's just that luck piled up on luck, and fluke piled up on fluke.

But how long can I hold on like this?

"Ah..."

Sylvia moaned without knowing herself when she met Lian's eyes.

It was an eye that seemed to bear all the troubles of the world.

But Lian turned his head again as if he didn't want any sympathy.

'You messed up.'

I couldn't even take care of my own body, but I messed up again by meddling in other people's affairs.

"Clean up the corpses."

Lian informed the villagers who might be listening.

"It would be better if you don't want to take responsibility."
```
[Translated block]


No one wanted to take responsibility for what happened today, so there was no reason for Lian's explanation to be long.

"Let's go in. Please tell me more."

As Lian said that and turned his steps toward the house first, Sylvia, who came to her senses, followed him in.

On the other hand, Liz still stayed in the same place and looked at the horrible scene that Lian had created with a blank expression.

"That brother... he's really strong, isn't he?"
[Translated block]