


[442] Full Moon Day (6)

20 minutes ago.

Garas, who escaped from the glass tube of the isolation room, tried to breed with all the creatures there.

It was an event that exactly matched Flu's intention, but there was one thing she overlooked.

Even she, who knew how scary Garas was, couldn't estimate the exact value of his breeding desire.

Garas, who had been trapped in a narrow glass tube for a few days, was in the most anxious state of his life, and his breeding desire when he found freedom was as much as 200,000 times that of humans.

The period of time it takes for the genetic information injected by Garas into other species to grow from embryos to adults is an average of 14 hours.

But now, gripped by a sense of crisis that he couldn't pass on his descendants, the delivery time was only 3 seconds.

"Kiaaang! Kiaaang!"

At the same time as the giant creature screamed in labor pain, dozens of Garas popped out of its belly.

The cubs that were wriggling in fetal state grew into adults in less than 10 seconds and attacked another creature.

Literally exponential.

Garas' cubs were born in every apartment in the building, and eventually the isolation room reached saturation.

Bang! The iron door flew out with a sound, and all kinds of Garas poured out like water trapped in a dam.

The rapids collided with each other regardless of their will at the crossroads of the corridor, and following the force of fluid dynamics, they began to spread throughout the headquarters.

* * *

"Huuk! Huuk!"

Only the gruesome traces of the victims remained in the corridor where Garas swept by.

Only the bald man who had been hit by Garas leaned against the wall and breathed heavily.

His belly was swollen as if filled with revenge, and the swelling grew more than twice as fast per second.

"Huek! Huek!"

His trembling hand grabbed a dagger on the floor.

He raised both hands and held it upside down and aimed at his belly. The man's face was filled with horror.

"Keeeuuuk!"

He had to stab it. That was the only best choice he could make for himself.

But in the end, the man twisted his face and threw the dagger away.

"Uaaaaaa!"

As the man's belly exploded, a black monster curled up like a worm flowed out.

When his bent spine straightened completely, his body length reached a whopping 1 meter, and he stretched out his long tongue while holding the floor with his two arms and legs with reverse joints.

His face was distorted as if hit by a hammer, he had no eyes, and his brain was exposed on top of his head.

"Ki, kikiki!"

Garas, who walked like a cheetah, detected the smell of living things with his keen sense of smell.

"I... am... king... of... species."

Pak!

Four cracks broke on the floor and Garas' body disappeared.

* * *

Shirone and Flu ran down the corridor without even daring to look back.

There was Garas everywhere they went, and they felt that their escape space was getting narrower and narrower.

"Senior! What do we do? We'll be surrounded at this rate."

A swarm of Garas appeared from the direction they were going.

Flu swung Phoenix and a whirlwind of fire stretched out.

"Kiaaaa! Kiaaaa!"

Garas' skin melted like dead skin from the heat.

But soon it began to regenerate with Kenser's ability.

"Damn! Is it regeneration this time?"

Garas is not a strong creature by any means.

But when his bizarre reproductive ability to create offspring within 10 seconds combined with the environment where all kinds of creatures were isolated in the laboratory, an unbelievable species was born.

As their numbers exploded in confined spaces, some mutants even tried to breed with their own kind, and as they did so, Garas evolved stronger and stronger.

Shirone clenched her teeth with a disgusted expression as she could tell what creatures Racist had collected just by looking at Garas' shape.

"I'll take care of it."

Shirone crushed all Garas who rushed at her with a black hole.
[Translated block]


It was thanks to learning that Kenser's trait was perfect for the dark, but this was also a matter of luck.

Every creature has a predator, and the Garas were thriving in an environment where infinite variations were possible, so the longer they dragged on, the more disadvantageous it was for them.

"Kirik! Kirik!"

Mucus flowed from the ceiling and then turned into dozens of pockets that hung.

The center of the pocket split horizontally and the eyes that popped out stopped the two people's movements as they activated the anti-thesis.

"Kruk!"

At the same time, the Garas who received the ability of the transparent ear Hororos bit Plu's calf.

Shirone, who saw the teeth marks clearly embedded in her white skin, pulled up her mental transcendence and counterattacked.

She crushed the snake-shaped transparent Garas with her tentacles and fired a photon cannon at the ceiling, causing the wall to collapse and blocking the exit.

Without any time to think about what would happen next, Shirone saved Plu.

If Hororos had mixed in the traits of a poisonous creature, it would have been a disaster.

"Senior, are you okay?"

Plu looked at her leg that was bleeding. It wasn't enough to stop her from moving.

But as soon as she saw the Garas getting stronger over time, she had already made up her mind.

"I'll lure them away. You go find Reysis. If we can't stop her, the mission is a failure."

Shirone couldn't answer.

She knew it was an inevitable situation, but leaving Plu as food for Garas was a terrible thing to do.

"Senior, I..."

"Hurry! You promised me! Don't hesitate when you have to make a choice!"

Shirone clenched her fists and shouted.

"How can I leave you behind! I'd rather..."

Clang! With a sound, Shirone's head turned.

Plu's cold eyes captured Shirone's face.

"Go. You can do it. You know that, don't you?"

Shirone wasn't hurt. The pain of her chest shrinking was greater than being slapped on the cheek.

"Kill Reysis. Then come back and save me."

They both knew there would be no such thing.

That fact made Shirone sadder than anything else.

"If you hesitate, you'll have less time to rescue me. What if I die 5 seconds before you come back?"

"Senior."

"2 seconds have passed."

Shirone closed her eyes tightly and got up. And for the first time in her life, she lied about someone's life.

"I'll be back for sure."

Shirone kicked the ground and ran around the corner.

Almost at the same time, a swarm of Garas came from across the street.

Plu was no longer afraid.

Rather, she felt relieved to send Shirone away.

'Thank you. You're a good kid.'

A dry smile appeared on her lips.

"Goodbye, Shirone."

Plu stood up with Phoenix in her hand. Her expression was fiercer than ever.

Smoke rose from her body as if she was about to explode.

She amplified her magic with omnipotence that didn't care if she burned herself.

It was the strongest magic that Plu, a public 8th grade magician, possessed.

Hellfire!

The flames of explosion that rose like clouds filled the hallway.

* * *

Tears did not stop in Shirone's eyes.

But as soon as she arrived at the laboratory where Pheusix Machine was located, her sorrow turned into cold anger.

She glared at the laboratory with eyes that seemed to cut even iron and slowly opened the door.

Only the sound of bubbling was heard in silence.

All she could see were corpses of researchers.

Biological creatures were contained in glass spheres of Pheusix Machine that Reysis had unfolded with Memory Vision.

Shirone stopped in front of one of them.

It contained Ikasa's body that had been torn apart as if bitten by teeth.

Shirone's eyes were filled with bitter emotions as she looked at her face turned upside down.

'Ikasa.'

She couldn't keep her promise.

But she had no choice but to postpone thinking about it.
[Translated block]
Without looking back, Shirone asked.

"Are you satisfied now? Is this the result you wanted?"

Reysis lifted her blood-red lips and walked calmly.

"You've trapped yourself. You shouldn't have messed with Garas."

Shirone turned slowly.

"You're no different. Give up now. The headquarters will be closed."

"Kakakakaka! Do you really think so? You're too naive. Do you think I did this because I'm weak, because I long for strength? No way."

Pajik! Pajik!

Reysis's bones twisted and her muscles began to swell like balloons.

"I am already, the strongest creature."

Her height reached 2 meters, 3 meters, enough to touch the ceiling.

Her skin was red all over, with scorpion-like tails tangled in bunches, and her muscular body had eyes, noses, mouths, teeth, and other organs of unknown creatures stuck all over it.

An indescribable grotesqueness.

A body that was only filled with absolute evil, regardless of function.

"Shirone, become one with me."

The moment Reysis's neutral bass sounded, a photon cannon reflexively stretched out.

But the target was not Reysis, but the Fuzix machine.

Bang! Kwakwakwakwang!

Reysis moved faster than the photon cannon and blocked the Fuzix machine.

Despite the powerful impact, her sturdy body did not budge.

Satan's law - the incarnation of evil.

It was a divine transcendence that would have destroyed a human's body, but Reysis's durability, combined with all kinds of creatures, was no match for an angel.

"Kraaaaaa!"

Reysis spat out a powerful flame and Shirone dodged it with teleportation and countered with Arman's tentacles and photon cannon.

The laboratory was a mess in an instant.

Reysis did not leave the front of the Fuzix machine, but even so, Shirone was on the losing side.

As flames and lightning mixed together, making it impossible to escape anywhere, Reysis flew her body and grabbed Shirone's neck and pushed her against the wall.

"Kuk!"

If it weren't for Arman, her neck would have already broken.

The tentacles that stretched out from the robe attacked, but they couldn't even penetrate her teeth.

"Kukukuku, did you think you could win? Because you're a Nephilim, because you're the light of Area 73, did you think you could beat me?"

Reysis's eyes glowed gold.

"I am Satan, the incarnation of evil!"

A new consciousness pushed into Shirone's consciousness.

In a space where flames soared, Satan's incarnation and Shirone's incarnation floated in the same state as reality.

Shirone's golden wings bent as if they were about to break and fluttered as Satan approached her hideous face.

"Poor lamb, Nephilim are no match for me."

"Kuuuuuuu!"

Shirone maximized her avatar's ability with mental transcendence.

Satan's face crumpled for a moment, but soon concentrated his strength on his arm as if it was nothing.

"Huck!"

Shirone's waist bent as if it was about to break and her legs flailed.

The only thing that could stop Satan's incarnation at the extreme of evil was goodness at the extreme.

It was a realm that Shirone, a human being, could not reach.

'Is this how I die.'

As her avatar's presence faded, she felt her strength drain away.

Her physical body in reality must have been bent to the point of breaking her neck by now.

'Plu-senpai....'

What was she doing now that she was surrounded by Garas?

'I can't end it like this!'

Shirone clenched her teeth and unfolded her avatar again.

She had to fight to the end for her senior who threw herself into the terrible hell.

"How dare you!"

As Shirone's resistance grew stronger, Satan's arm muscles swelled as if they were about to burst.

Flash!

At the same time, Shirone's body was wrapped in pure white light and another avatar overlapped.

It was Arman integrated with Ultima System.

As his mind and body pushed into the avatar as one signal, he led Shirone to a level she had never reached before.
[Translated block]


Mental transcendence - one mind principle.

"Kraaaaaaang!"

As Satan's mouth let out a scream of a hundred beasts, Shiro's body turned into light and exploded.
[Translated block]