


[563] Scramble Royal (4)

* * *

Hershey, who captured Kaden, did not return to the room and left the dormitory.

This was because he had detected the sound of someone's heartbeat watching him from a certain distance.

It was only after he entered a quiet park that Hershey stopped.

Listening to the sound of the heartbeat, it was more likely to be a woman than a man.

"Come out now. Who are you?"

A girl revealed herself from behind the pillar of the streetlight.

"Ho?"

It was an unexpected person.

"Eden...."

A devout believer of the Yor religion and a specialist in defensive magic.

As far as Hershey knew, she was not affiliated with the research club, so she was an unlikely figure in the preliminary battle of Scramble Royal.

"What brings you to follow me in the middle of the night... no, to call me out?"

Eden knew she couldn't follow Hershey.

"Let me participate in Scramble Royal."

"The alliance is advantageous as it grows. But you're not from the Research Club of Shadows, are you?"

"I will create it. When I take over Eastas."

'Is it the upper echelons after all?'

Hershey's guess was half correct.

The reason Eden, a believer of the Yor religion, came to the magic school was solely because of Mikaia Gauld.

He was once the president of the Thor Mia Magic Association, and is still one of the most powerful magicians in the kingdom.

But he was a heretic who betrayed the Yor religion and abandoned God.

'I can't allow it.'

Eden, who was from the same church as Gauld, recalled what Yora had told her before the second semester graduation schedule began.

"Gauld should not be hated. He is a poor child."

Eden, who heard Yora's defense of the heresy, trembled with discomfort.

"Why do you say that? He is a heretic who abandoned the Yor God. Isn't he a monster who worships violence and has committed numerous murders?"

"That's right, he's a monster. But he didn't make himself a monster. He did his best."

"No. That's proof of lack of faith. No matter what pain comes, the Yor God is protecting us."

The reason Eden was recognized even within the Yor religious group, a worldwide religion, was not just because she blindly followed God.

Rather, she was very rational, understood the conflict between reality and doctrine, and accepted human desires and limits, making her an open-minded person.

The combination of faith and logic could not be destroyed, so there was no way to persuade Eden.

"Yora, you are fantasizing about Gauld's strength. If he was just a destructive maniac, would he still be defending him? I know what pain he went through to get to that position. That he is a person who has surpassed human limits. But in the end, he is just a heretic. I can't allow a force that defends a murderer in this sanctuary ruled by the Yor God."

"I also think Gauld's decision is regrettable. But he is being punished. And he will continue to be."

"Punishment?"

Eden laughed and looked back at Yora.

"Do you see me as weaker than Gauld, Yora?"

Yora did not answer.

"I'm not talking about the best combat magician or anything like that. I'm not even interested in such barbaric titles. But I am stronger than Gauld. A heretic is just a heretic."

Eden said with a strong look in her eyes.

"There is no enemy to me as long as the Yor God is watching."

Eden's eyes, coming out of the flashback, were more intense than ever.

'I will shatter your legend that started from Eastas.'

Hershey, who heard Eden's pounding heart, smiled and said.

"Okay. I'll report to the boss for now. You can look forward to good news."

Hershey patted Eden's shoulder and disappeared into the darkness.

* * *

The first holiday since the start of school.

Shirone, Iruki, and Nade gathered at the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Club and held a reunion party.
[Translated block]


"Although it was just snacks and drinks, we didn't realize how time flew in our long-awaited chat.

“The problem is always group evaluation. Especially strategy and tactics. Since there are 3 absentees, the last group has to do it with just 2 people.”

Since the total number of members is only 27, the last 6 groups had to annihilate monsters from Ichon with just 2 people.

Of course, the difficulty is adjusted according to the number of participants, but it was a fact that we couldn't expect the effect of the firepower of 5 people creating synergy.

Iruki jabbed at Nade's grumble.

“So everyone is trying to raise their rank. You should also hit quickly and come up. If you beat Binder and Pisho, you can be the 5th group.”

“Ha. That's because the score gap is too wide…….”

Then the research club vibrated and the Istas started to operate.

“What? Is it the teacher? It's a holiday today.”

Unlike Shiro, who was looking around, Nade's expression was serious.

“The one who will come has come. Let's get ready.”

The mechanical device stopped operating, and Shiro and his party moved to the position to welcome the guests.

A familiar voice was heard outside the door.

“It's the research club of the underworld.”

“Come in.”

Shiro, who was looking at the faces of those who came in through the open door, blinked his eyes.

Most of them were strong candidates for the first place in graduation.

Hershey, who came in leaning back, turned his body at a right angle and declared.

“I propose a Scramble Royal.”

Nade, who was buried in the sofa, looked at the people standing in a line with his chin tilted.

3rd place in graduation class Prings, 7th place Kaiden, 9th place Anchar, 10th place Eden, 13th place Hershey, 25th place Pisho, a total of 6 people.

It was a situation where the representatives of the research club of the underworld gathered in one place.

‘It's a war from now on.’

* * *

Scramble Royal.

A total system of rules that competes with conditions and the winner takes all.

Apart from personal stakes, it was an absolute rule that precedes the school rules in the research club of the underworld, which can affect even the graduation exam.

The three members of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Club and the six members of the Underworld Research Club Alliance sat face to face with a table in between.

Shiro was not familiar with the rules of the underworld, but he could feel the atmosphere completely different from the graduation class evaluation.

It was their own business that neither teachers nor school authorities could interfere with.

“There's no need for an introduction. Because it's a sphere.”

Hershey, who attended as a representative of the Golden Wheel, started talking.

“Of course, you already know why we came.”

Nade crossed his legs arrogantly and said.

“That's right. Then let's just set the schedule and rules.”

‘Schedule? Rule?’

Everything was still unfamiliar, but Shiro just listened.

Hershey put down a box made of iron with a thud.

It was an unfamiliar object, but the reason it felt familiar was because it had the pattern of Hena that I saw in heaven.

“Scramble Royal, boasting a 30-year tradition. Shall we start?”

30 years is before Miro was active.

When Shiro glanced at Nade, he explained.

“This is a tool called 'Judge'. Enter the rules in the judge through mutual agreement, and the winner gets a reward, and the loser pays a price. It's the optimal tool for competing with something because you can also set rules for contract breach.”

Hershey added.

“Any rule is possible under mutual agreement. If you set a rule that 'you will die if you fail to fulfill the contract', you will actually die.”

‘Extra-legal meal.’

The first word that came to Shiro's mind.

I also thought it was an ancient device that came from heaven.

The reason why it doesn't fit the expression of weapons or weapons is because I saw the life of heaven with my own eyes.

It's a dangerous device that can lose your life if you make a mistake, but if you think about the scale outside of common sense, it could have been a play tool for angels or fairies.

“The game is obviously 'black and white', right?”

“It hasn't changed in 30 years. There's a manual, so it's easy to get into the game right away.”
[Translated block]


"I was curious about what kind of game it was, but there was a chance that asking right away would show a weak side to the enemies.

"As you can see, the number of participants on the alliance side is 6. Match the number. I won't stop you if you want to do it with three."

The number of people was also up to mutual agreement.

"Hmm."

Nade, who had boasted of being an elite minority, was cautious this time.

He didn't want to drag in people who weren't members of the study group, but the members of the alliance were too strong.

'I definitely need a helper.'

Hershey, Anchar, Prings, and even Pisho of insect magic and Eden of defense magic are contributing to the perfection of balance.

'And Kaden... Huh? Kaden?'

Nade's eyebrows went up.

"Wait. What's going on? Why did two representatives from Geumhwarun participate?"

He didn't care if he set the rules, but he didn't intend to comply with the consultation at all.

"Don't misunderstand. Kaden didn't come as a representative of Geumhwarun."

"What are you talking about? Then......"

Nade realized something and stared blankly at Kaden.

"Don't tell me you......?"

"That's right. I'm the president of the Women's Body Study Group."

At Kaden's shocking declaration, which he thought was the most honest among Fermi's party, Shiroe opened his mouth blankly.

"You're the president of the Women's Body Study Group?"

Kaden nodded as if he had nothing to hide.

"I've drawn a lot of Amy's nudes too."

Shiroe frowned at the immediate provocation.

'Why all of a sudden...?'

Suddenly, the picture of Maya in the red book came to mind, and Iruki, who had the same thought, said.

"I guess you can't tell by just looking at people. Is the reason for participating in the risk of revealing your identity jealousy? Or is it a rule to give up Maya to Shiroe?"

"Don't measure me with cheap emotions."

Kaden leaned forward and bulged his eyes.

"What moves me is anger. Shiroe, I'll give you the greatest pain."

It was a murderous statement, but now Shiroe didn't back down either.

"Come on. I told you before, I won't spare any enemies who interfere with me."

As the atmosphere ripened, Anchar stepped forward.

"I'll give you a week. Gather the members during that time. We'll decide on the detailed rules then."

Iruki objected.

"No, I want to consult in advance before that. If you want to get help, you need to have a general idea of the rewards they need."

Anchar also expected that it would not be easy to pass now that it was a graduation class level.

"Okay, tell me."

"First of all, what the alliance wants is to give up the Supernatural Spirit Science Study Group when you win, right?"

"To be exact, it's to give up Istas. I don't care what happens to the Supernatural Spirit Science Study Group."

"Well, okay. I accept that for now. But I have one suggestion."

Iruki made eye contact with his friends and offered a reward.

"If we win, all members of the alliance team will be ranked lower than our team until the graduation exam."

The faces of the alliance hardened, and Shiroe's eyes sparkled.

'That's right. This is absolutely necessary.'

In order to match the level with the enemies, the helpers must be at least a graduation class, and they have nothing to do with the research group in the shade.

There would be no one to get involved in the Scramble Royal, even if it interferes with the graduation class schedule.

However, if they can rank higher than these people who are stationed in many classes, they will definitely have motivation.

"Hmm, rank......"

When Hershey went into the drum, Nade laughed and said.

"Don't pretend to worry. I don't think you guys who haven't graduated because of Istas will hesitate about the rank. You guys have easily won the most difficult agenda to negotiate."

Hershey also thought that negotiating the compensation for giving up Istas would be the biggest hurdle.

'That's true. It's even too easy to give up. No, I guess it's hard to get help. Anyway, I don't think I'm going to lose at all.'

"Let's go. I'll give you a week. Gather the members during that time. We'll decide on the detailed rules then."

Iruki objected.

"No, I want to consult in advance before that. If you want to get help, you need to have a general idea of the rewards they need."

Anchar also expected that it would not be easy to pass now that it was a graduation class level.

"Okay, tell me."

"First of all, what the alliance wants is to give up the Supernatural Spirit Science Study Group when you win, right?"

"To be exact, it's to give up Istas. I don't care what happens to the Supernatural Spirit Science Study Group."

"Well, okay. I accept that for now. But I have one suggestion."

Iruki made eye contact with his friends and offered a reward.

"If we win, all members of the alliance team will be ranked lower than our team until the graduation exam."

The faces of the alliance hardened, and Shiroe's eyes sparkled.

'That's right. This is absolutely necessary.'

In order to match the level with the enemies, the helpers must be at least a graduation class, and they have nothing to do with the research group in the shade.

There would be no one to get involved in the Scramble Royal, even if it interferes with the graduation class schedule.

However, if they can rank higher than these people who are stationed in many classes, they will definitely have motivation.

"Hmm, rank......"

When Hershey went into the drum, Nade laughed and said.

"Don't pretend to worry. I don't think you guys who haven't graduated because of Istas will hesitate about the rank. You guys have easily won the most difficult agenda to negotiate."

Hershey also thought that negotiating the compensation for giving up Istas would be the biggest hurdle.

'That's true. It's even too easy to give up. No, I guess it's hard to get help. Anyway, I don't think I'm going to lose at all.'
[Translated block]


The coalition was the same anyway.

"Okay, I don't agree. Let the other representatives speak."

Anchal spoke immediately.

"I don't mind either."

Caden didn't even have to ask, and when the rest agreed, it was Nate who felt regretful.

'Hmm, did I give in too much? Pisho is low in rank anyway. Well, if I can pull down Prings and Caden, I've achieved a small success.'

Hershey stood up, taking care of Jersey.

"Then find three more. Let's go into detailed discussions after a week."

"Yeah. You can't go far."

Nate saw them off without lifting a finger.
[Translated block]