


```text
[528] Accomplice (4)

North Aymond Republic.

The North Aymond Republic, ruled by the iron dictator Igor, is famous for its terror politics.

The society is extremely closed and the people are belligerent, and they are willing to carry out suicide attacks on issues that are directly related to their national interests, making them a problem child of the world that cannot be easily occupied by major powers.

They have a strong legal means of cutting off their wrists if they steal, but crime does not stop.

The republic itself claims that the first requirement of its citizens is combat power, so it is not uncommon to see children on the street carrying small knives.

The only port city that allows openness to other countries, Dormica, was a time bomb of the West Continent where all kinds of war weapons were traded.

Mercenaries, pirates, retired soldiers, etc. settled here, and public order was notorious.

The reason why Igor's strong power could not sweep away the dark forces was because the security forces were no different from other forces.

They usually take money on the condition that they allow weapons transactions of other organizations, and in some cases, large-scale wars between security forces and other organizations take place.

Most of the ships entering the port were trade ships carrying weapons, and tourists could not be seen even if they washed their eyes.

Therefore, it was natural that everyone's attention was focused on a blue-haired woman who had just landed at the port.

"Wow, this is North Aymond."

Miro was undoubtedly a tourist.

She braided her long hair and wrapped it around her neck like a scarf and put on light makeup.

She wore accessories that were perfect targets for being flashy, and she wore a long sweater with sleeves down to her wrists and a skirt so short that her thighs were exposed, giving an overall lively impression.

In Dormica, women dressed like this were either prostitutes or lunatics who sold their minds somewhere.

"Whew! Lady, you have a good gut
[Translated block]


"Fallen Madonna."

Following the path he heard from the laborer, Miro arrived in front of the Ostos Tavern and looked up at the four-story building.

The first and second floors were taverns, the third floor was a lodging house, and the fourth floor was a gambling den.

But Miro headed to a place that was not open to the general public but everyone knew, deep underground of Ostos Tavern.

As he went down to the second basement floor, two swordsmen were guarding the large door.

He felt a sense of alertness even on the ground, but from here on, the quality of his spirit was different.

"Hmm, you have a good hand."

It would be fair to say that he had brought a nearly bankrupt organization to a level comparable to its heyday if he had such a level of swordsman as a doorman.

More than anything, I felt more confident in the fact that it was an achievement made in just one year.

"Who are you? Who let you in?"

"Nobody let me in?"

The doormen looked at each other and immediately drew their swords.

"Identify yourself. This is not a place for jokes."

"Oh? I'm serious."

Miro took big steps and reached out his hands in front of the doorman.

As the ring of prajna swept in like a wind, it pushed away the doorman and the door opened with a bang.

In a 40-pyeong room, about 10 people were scattered and doing their own business.

The room surrounded by stone walls was gloomy like an underground tomb, but the most impressive thing was that none of them flinched at the appearance of an uninvited guest.

Three men sitting at a table smoking cigarettes and playing card games didn't even look at the door.

"Cough! It's an attack."

The doorman crawled in late and shouted, but there was still no reaction.

A man lying in a hammock and blowing a bottle of alcohol turned his head with a loud snort.

"I know, kid. We have brains too! Who's this time's guest? Snide, is it you?"

The big man who bit a thick cigar drew a card and said.

"I don't know. There's no girl around here who sells her body like that."

There was a moment of silence.

The man lying in the hammock shouted impatiently.

"Ah, really! Someone step up and do something! It's an attack!"

"Then you do it."

"Hahaha!"

Miro just watched them play separately.

Then a woman's voice came from behind the big man who was blocking his view.

"Yeah, who are you?"

The man opened his view and saw a woman with short hair like a cat sitting at the table flicking beads.

Next to her was a pale-faced man with no eyebrows, who had no expression as if he were a wax doll.

"Are you Fallen Madonna?"

"There are idiots who call me that. But who are you?"

Miro moved his steps while talking nonsense.

"I thought you came to your senses after being beaten by Galliant. You still can't get out of the thieves' group."

Clang! Clang!

As soon as he finished speaking, everyone in the room pointed their weapons at Miro.

The movement was so quick that it felt like two pictures were replaced in an instant from the perspective of being hit.

Miro glanced to his right.

Before he knew it, the man with no eyebrows had approached him and pointed a gun with magic bullets at his temple.

"This is your last chance. Identify yourself."

"Well. Who could it be?"

At the same time as his finger on the trigger of the magic bullet bent, the woman said.

"Stop it, Freeman."

Miro gave him a passing score for now.

If he couldn't even gauge his opponent's ability, he wouldn't even qualify to enter The Abyss.

"You said Galliant. You know who I am?"

"Of course. The leader of the Parrot Thieves Group, Clay Marsha."

The leader of the thieves group who fought fiercely with Shironne's party on Galliant Island and was defeated.

According to what he heard from Therese's intelligence, he was an excellent imitator and an irregular eater.

He had the ability to extract magic from others due to his trauma against Yangbu, but there was a possibility that he had been replaced by another ability after being 'catharsis' by Shironne.


Do you want me to summarize this text or explain any unfamiliar terms?
[Translated block]


Marsha, who threw away the documents, finally sat back towards Miro and crossed her legs.

Freeman quickly came back and lit a long cigarette that she had put in her mouth.

"So, I'm Clay Marsha. What did you expect, a winged angel?"

"Oh, Shirow would be sad to hear that."

At the mention of Shirow, Marsha's eyebrows twitched slightly, but she soon regained a calm expression and took another puff of the cigarette.

"Ah, that kid? I don't know how you know Shirow, but reality is not that easy. He also learned to steal."

Some strength can be proven by throwing away something precious.

Realizing that she was not an easy woman, Miro went straight to the point.

"Shirow has a little problem. It would be very helpful if you could come over."

Marsha didn't even show a sign of hesitation.

"Sorry. I'm busy these days. Find someone else."

"It's actually a very serious problem. He might never wake up."

Even without knowing the cause and effect, Marsha saw it in her eyes.

He probably threw everything away for someone other than himself.

"That's too bad. But as you might have guessed, Shirow is not my type."

She left Galliant and wandered around the world, building up her power.

She had powerful subordinates below her, and settled in the port city of North Amond, fighting fiercely in the meantime, she gradually forgot her memories of Shirow.

"Fine. I came to the wrong place. Sorry for taking your busy time."

Miro turned his body without hesitation and patted the shoulder of the gatekeeper who was grinding his teeth and left the door.

Permy wanted someone who had a deep emotional exchange with Shirow and experienced 'catharsis', and Marsha was the first priority target, but if she had already left her mind, there was no need to waste time any longer.

"Wait."

Miro turned around at Marsha's call.

"Why me? If you're such a master that you have to look for an assistant, there must be plenty of others besides me?"

"Well. I don't know exactly either..."

Miro shrugged his shoulders.

"Maybe because you're someone Shirow embraced in his heart?"

"..."

Marsha opened her eyes thinly and blew out a long smoke.

"Get out of here."

All the officers passed Miro like a stream and disappeared outside the door in an instant.

* * *

A restaurant in Biden Kingdom.

Lian, who left Raphne village and finally arrived at a place that could be called a city, was chewing meat like crazy as if to compensate for his hunger so far.

His sturdy body and the great sword on his back were enough, but his vigorous appetite attracted the attention of the people in the restaurant at once.

"Mister, please give me another steak here!"

The restaurant owner put a grilled meat on Lian's front with a terrified expression.

It's already the fourth steak.

He didn't look like he had much money by his appearance, but his aura was so heavy that he was groaning inside.

"Excuse me, sir."

"Yes?"

"I'm sorry, I'm really sorry..."

The restaurant owner was almost sobbing.

"You'll pay for it, right?"

Lian blinked and looked at him as he realized it and put down his utensils.

"Oh, I'm sorry. It looks suspicious because I look like this. I'll give you some advance payment first."

When Lian paid for it by shaking out his money, the owner finally looked relieved.

The customer's favor seemed to loosen his tension a little, so he asked courageously.

"By the way... Aren't you the famous Knight of Macha?"

"Knight of Macha?"

Lamdas' descendants spread Lian's rumors quickly, but Lian, who had just arrived in the city, had no idea what he was talking about.

Above all, he didn't even know the name of Lamdas, whom he had cut off.

"Yes, Knight of Macha. According to rumors, you are a giant like a customer, with tremendous power to wield a huge sword with one hand."
[Translated block]


"Hmm."

Lian thought for a moment and raised his hand.

"I'm just a nameless swordsman. I don't think I'm the Knight of Macha."

As Lian honestly confessed, some of the guests grumbled with annoyed expressions.

Rumors tend to be exaggerated, but they had been somewhat wary after seeing Lian's swordsmanship.

"Tsk, what? He was a fake?"

"Right. He's carrying a big sword around to confuse people. And it's so stupidly big. He doesn't even look like he can swing it."

"There are a lot of guys like that in this business, right? When someone makes a name for themselves, everyone else tries to impersonate them and get a free ride."

"But how can anyone imitate the Knight of Macha? He single-handedly cut down more than 100 bandits from the Red Spear Gang."

While various talks were heard, Lian's whole mind was only focused on the food.

Then the restaurant door opened with a bang, and a hairy man who was a head taller than Lian entered.

He had a huge sword with saw blades on both sides on his back.

"Hey, where's the owner of this restaurant? Bring me the best steak and wine for the Knight of Macha."

"Ma, Macha's Knight?"

Everyone's eyes were focused.

Lian also had heard of him by now, so he looked at the man while chewing his meat.

'So that's Macha's Knight. He sure is big. Did he learn a similar sword style as me?'

The man, who was satisfied with everyone's attention, raised his chin arrogantly and pointed at himself with his thumb.

"Yes, I am the future great swordsman, Macha's Knight, who cut down all the Red Spear Gang!"

"Pwooow!"

Everything that Lian was chewing flew out of his mouth.
[Translated block]