
I was watching the scene with curiosity. I wondered why the magic control device was so important and what would happen if it broke down completely. I also wanted to know more about the magic association and its role in the kingdom.

I decided to ask Plu some questions while she was talking to the maintenance team.

"Excuse me, Plu. Can I ask you something?" I said.

Plu turned to me and nodded.

"Sure, what is it?"

I hesitated for a moment, not sure where to start.

"Well, first of all, what is the magic association exactly? What do you do here?"

Plu smiled and explained.

"The magic association is an organization that regulates and supports all kinds of magic activities in the kingdom. We have branches in every major city and town, and we provide services such as magic education, research, development, certification, consultation, and so on. We also cooperate with the royal family and the military to protect the kingdom from external threats and internal conflicts."

I nodded, impressed by her answer.

"I see. That sounds very important and noble."

Plu shrugged.

"It's not as glamorous as it sounds. We have a lot of paperwork, bureaucracy, and politics to deal with. And we're not always popular with the public. Some people think we're too powerful, too secretive, or too corrupt."

I frowned.

"Really? Why do they think that?"

Plu sighed.

"Well, you know how it is. People are always suspicious of things they don't understand or control. And magic is a very complex and mysterious phenomenon. There are many different types of magic, such as elemental, spiritual, alchemical, dimensional, etc. And there are many different ways to use magic, such as spells, runes, artifacts, potions, etc. And there are many different levels of magic power and skill, from beginners to masters. And there are many different rules and regulations for magic practice, such as licenses, contracts, ethics, etc."

She paused and looked at me.

"Do you follow me so far?"
[Translated block]


Flu bit her nails as she was lost in thought.

The magic control device was also related to security, so it was under her jurisdiction. Usually, even if it was a non-distribution item, there was some inventory left, but since it was the 18th floor, whoever used it first was the owner.

Flu looked back at Shirone. She watched his face, which was staring at the board with a blank expression, for a long time. She finally made up her mind and spoke.

"Hey, you."

"Me? Me?"

Flu snapped her fingers and gestured for him to come. She took him to the corner of the engine room and spoke in a low voice so that the maintenance team wouldn't hear.

"Just do me a favor."

"A favor?"

"Take a carriage and go to Gold Street. If you turn right at the central fountain there, you'll see Akim's Alchemy Shop right away. That's the association's designated dealer. Go in there and get me a few items."

Flu took out a notebook from her pocket and wrote down the names of the items. Then she tore off the paper with a snap and handed it to Shirone.

Shirone held the note in his hand and read down the unfamiliar names one by one. He was a little worried because he was a novice in this area, even though it was a simple errand.

"Okay, I'll go and see. But how do I pay?"

"You don't have to pay. The association settles it all at the end of the month. Here, this should do it."

Flu handed him her employee ID card that she wore around her neck. There was a serial number on it, and next to the name Ravid Flu, there was a rank of official 8th grade engraved in the same color.

The picture was from two years ago when she had just joined the company, but she was wearing big round glasses and couldn't recognize her current appearance.

Flu turned red and shouted with her eyes wide open.

"Hey! Why are you staring at someone else's picture like that? Hurry up and put it away!"

"Oh, sorry."

Shirone quickly put the employee ID card in his inner pocket.

Some pictures were like horror to women, so Flu regretted it too. But it was already spilled water.

'Oh, really. I should have changed it sooner.'

She had thought about replacing the picture before, but she forgot about it as she got busy with work.

Feeling sorry, Flu coughed for no reason and picked on Shirone's clothes.

"Anyway, go and come back well. Don't go around showing off your form, just keep it in your pocket. The Magic Association employee ID card is not something anyone can wear."

Shirone also knew the importance of the Magic Association employee ID card.

With just a same-colored employee ID card, more than 90 percent of the official institutions of the kingdom were opened, and more than 60 percent of the facilities of the Red Line subsidiary could be used for free. In addition, within a certain area, they could exercise arrest and prosecution authority over all classes except royalty, and during internal inspections, they could perform tasks such as wiretapping and eavesdropping, infiltration, special operations, and special dispatches without restriction under the cooperation request of national agencies.

It looked like an ordinary plastic card on the outside, but inside it had an integrated quantum encryption code that made it impossible to duplicate.

He felt stiff holding such a great card. He checked his employee ID card again by putting his hand in his pocket and finally nodded his head.

"Yes. I'll be careful."

Shirone turned around and left the Magic Association. It was an opportunity to ride the elevator he had dreamed of, but he was nervous about the unfamiliar errand, so he ended up using the familiar stairs.

When he arrived at Gold Street by carriage, there were countless shops arranged in a circular shape spreading out from the center. The road stretched out in eight directions, and each area had different items.

There was a sign that said Alchemy Street in the center. He went to the right as the arrow pointed and saw a building that looked like a normal building enlarged five times.

'This is it, Akim's Alchemy Shop.'

He opened the door and entered. There were eight rows of shelves that stretched 20 meters long. None of the items on the shelves were alike, and even Shirone, who was a magic school student, didn't know what they were for.
[Translated block]


'If Nade was here, he would have been amazed. We should come here together after graduation.'

The counter was placed at the farthest point from the entrance. There were about 20 customers, and in the corner, alchemists had taken their seats and laid out dozens of items to examine.

The person in charge of the counter was a young man with a smart impression. He seemed to be an alchemist or an aspirant, judging by the book he was reading, 'Intermediate Alchemy'.

"Excuse me, I have something to ask."

The man closed the book and got up as Shirone approached.

"Yes, what kind of item are you looking for?"

"I'm from the Magic Association. Do you have this item?"

Shirone put down a note that Flue had written on the counter and handed it over. It seemed impossible to explain anyway, looking at the type and number of items.

The man quickly scanned the items on the note and understood.

"It looks like your magic control device overheated. I'll find it for you. But can I see your employee card? The trade with the association is a monthly payment method."

"Oh, yes. Here you go."

Shirone took out Flue's employee card.

The man went under the counter and swiped the card on the recognition device. A beep sounded and an approval sign appeared. The man returned the employee card to Shirone and said.

"Thank you for your confirmation. Please wait a moment."

The man took a thin metal box and went around the shelves, putting items in it. Some of the alchemical materials were difficult to handle, so they couldn't be put anywhere.

While waiting, Shirone flicked her fingers on the counter and hummed while looking around. When she turned to the alchemy books, two people wearing black hoods quickly turned their heads.

'What? Why are they wearing hoods? Are they also magicians?'

Shirone looked a little closer, but the two people didn't show any more special behavior and pretended to look for items and disappeared behind the opposite shelf.

The hooded figures who escaped Shirone's gaze went into a corner where there were no people. The man standing on the right whispered in a low voice.

"Damn, he's from the Magic Association. What do we do? It seems wrong to do it here."

"Risk is part of completing the revolution. Let's just do it here."

"But if we fail, we can't save our brothers. Don't do that, let's move. Let's go to Gold Tower. We made an infiltration route for this kind of situation."

"Tsk, can't help it. That was the place we wanted to save for last."

The hooded figures quietly left the alchemy shop.

Shirone waited at the counter for about 5 minutes. The man who had collected all the items came back and put the metal box on the counter and handed it over. The types were diverse, but surprisingly small and not heavy.

"Here are your items. Delivery is also possible, but it will arrive after 5 o'clock. If you're in a hurry, you can take it now."

"Then I'll just take it. It doesn't look too heavy."

"But please be careful with handling. There are some items that are sensitive to shock."

"Yes, I'll be careful."

Shirone carefully picked up the box as if holding a newborn baby. She didn't know how careful she had to be to be safe, so she moved her steps as cautiously as possible.

She came out of the shop and looked around for a carriage.

Then there was a loud explosion sound from a block away. The ground shook and a scream of panic flooded in like a tidal wave.

"What?"

People ran out of countless alleys onto the main street. The faces of those at the front were terrified, and their half-opened pupils were engraved with the shock of a moment ago.

"It's a terrorist attack! Gold City exploded!"

"Terrorist attack?"

Shirone looked up at the sky where smoke was rising.

A terrorist attack in Bashuka, the capital of the kingdom. It was something she couldn't even imagine.

The reactions of the citizens were varied. Most of them frowned as they looked at Gold Tower, but busy people cursed and hurried on their way.
[Translated block]