


[360] Magic Association (6)

Shirone caught a carriage to the Magic Association. His head was still numb from being hit by several honey bombs.

As he held the iron box in his arms and pouted his lips, Flue sneered and said.

"What? Are you upset that you got hit? Who would jump into the scene without permission? Do you know what kind of case this is? It's a violation of the kingdom's law for someone without a wizard's license to use magic."

"I'm sorry about that. But people almost died."

Flue couldn't argue with that.

"Hmph, that's that and this is this. Anyway, you did it with the intention of taking responsibility. Then don't whine."

Shirone closed his mouth because it was true. More than anything, today's terrorist attack completely changed his image of Bashuka.

"I've heard about Radum."

Flue, who was looking out the window with his chin propped up, turned his gaze.

"A schoolmate of mine used to live there. He said it was a terrible place."

"Hmm, that's right. The residents of Radum are prohibited from economic activities."

"Why does the kingdom leave such a place alone? Terrorism is definitely a bad thing, but can't we find a more peaceful solution?"

Flue was silent for a long time before opening his mouth.

"You... Do you know what happens if you don't have a trash can in your house?"

"Huh? A trash can?"

"Eventually, the whole house becomes a trash can. But in reality, it's always clean because there is a trash can. Radum is such a place. The trash can of the capital. It doesn't do anything productive, but it has value just by existing. That's why the nobles can't get rid of it easily."

"But that's...."

"I know what you're thinking, but don't bother saying it. Beliefs can't be forced. If you have any beliefs, you have to achieve them yourself."

Shirone bowed his head sullenly. Discussing ideals that couldn't be put into practice was not relevant in the world of pros.

"But, today's incident will make the politicians think differently."

Shirone raised his head again.

"Bat transformation is a unique ability of vampires. But there is no case reported in academia where it manifests in broad daylight. Something is changing in Radum. A breed improvement, or maybe a fusion...."

It was definitely a possibility.

Radum was an area where countless Ain races who had fled from the continent lived together. There would be no better place to experiment on living things if they could.

Shirone turned his head out the window. The capital's scenery was no different from when he first came. But now he saw shadows in his eyes.

Light and darkness. That too would be one of the laws determined by each other's names. But Shirone didn't know which one came first.

* * *

Flue crossed the front gate of the Magic Association and looked back at Shirone.

"I'll go report, so go to the engine room and give the stuff to the maintenance team. And stay there! Don't go anywhere else!"

He hadn't gone anywhere else except for errands. But Shirone also shrugged and turned his feet. He was careful not to damage the goods as he walked to the engine room.

Fortunately, the maintenance team checked the goods and said there was no problem.

He sighed with relief and left the engine room, and Flue was already there in front of him. His expression had cooled down more than before, apparently he had been scolded by his boss.

"Hey, did you finish your report...!"

"Ugh, really!"

Flue grabbed Shirone's head without warning.

"Ow! Why do you keep hitting my head!"

Shirone had endured enough and glared at him with bulging eyes.

"I can't live because of you! Do you know how hard I worked to stop this incident? You're acting smart without even having a license!"

"It's not acting smart, people were dying, so what do you want me to do?"

That sounds like an interesting story. What genre is it? Fantasy? Action? Romance?
[Translated block]


"Shut up! The rumor that you came to the association has spread all over! This is a serious problem. It seems that the president of the association wanted to meet you quietly, but I don't know, now!"

Sirone also regretted that.

"It's no use regretting it now. It's something that can't be helped."

"Ah? You're done when you go back, right? You're determined to kill me by nagging me! Follow me!"

Flu grabbed Sirone's ear and dragged him to the dormitory. She opened the door with a bang and pushed Sirone in as if she was putting him in prison, then shouted while beating him with a stick.

"Don't come out one step from now on! Stay still until it calms down."

Sirone touched his sore ear and frowned.

"Isn't that too much? When you ask me to run errands."

"You're still bragging about doing well until the end...!"

Just as Flu was about to scream a second time, Gando's voice came from the hallway.

"Flu, what's going on?"

Flu turned her head with a pitiful expression.

"Gando, this kid, well..."

The words stopped and Flu's body froze. Two people were following behind Gando, who was approaching with a worried expression.

The deputy secretary of the Magic Association, Kang Nan.

And the figure wearing a black fur coat over his shoulder was Micael Gauld.

As soon as she saw Gauld, Flu felt like her heart was going to burst.

She knew he was returning today, but she didn't expect to meet him here. It was rare for the president of the association to come down to the third floor since she took office.

'Why are you here...?'

He would have taken Sirone with him if he gave instructions, but he came looking for him from the third floor as soon as he returned.

More than anything, she hadn't cleaned up the mistake Sirone had made yet. It was unforgivable that the rumor that Sirone had come to the Magic Association had spread, no matter what excuse she made.

Flu lowered her head as her body remembered and shouted.

"Troop! Attention!"

Gando tapped his forehead and shook his head. On the other hand, Gauld raised his lips as if he was interested.

"Hehehe, am I the only one who can't see? There's no one here, why do you have to pay attention?"

"Ah... I'm sorry! I was nervous!"

Kang Nan peeked out from behind Gauld and asked.

"Was there anything wrong? I heard there was an incident earlier."

Flu thought that it had finally come and opened her eyes wide.

"Ah! I have something to report. A little while ago, Sirone accidentally..."

"It doesn't matter."

Gauld cut off her words with a bored look and passed by Flu's side. Flu's face froze in a standing position.

Sirone looked up at Gauld and swallowed his saliva.

He was taller than he had imagined. He was the strongest magician in the kingdom, whom he had only heard of in rumors, and who had aroused more intense curiosity since he came here. Maybe it was an illusion, but his body looked huge enough to touch the ceiling.

Gauld smiled and said.

"Are you Sirone?"

*Chapter 3. The Strongest Magician

Sirone finally boarded the magic association elevator he had been looking forward to. But the atmosphere was strange, so he couldn't openly enjoy it. He could go anywhere by pressing a button, but no one was moving.

Gauld leaned back and looked at the instrument panel with the floor numbers. Kang Nan was meditating in a corner, and Gando seemed uncomfortable next to Gauld and couldn't hide his flustered look.

'Gauld...'

Flu lowered her head and there was resentment and sadness in her eyes.

She had done her best not to tarnish the name of Gauld's guard until now. But all her efforts were useless in front of Sirone's name.

Sirone's name was known to the association, and that fact must have reached the ears of the magicians who were trying to keep Gauld in check. More than anything, this project was Gauld's once-in-a-lifetime work that he had prepared for 20 years.

But Gauld said this.

-It doesn't matter.

The feeling of becoming infinitely miserable.

She had admired him since her school days and finally entered the association and ran for him for two years, but she was less valuable than Sirone, who wasn't even an official magician.
[Translated block]


Kang Nan opened her eyes wide and walked toward the panel.

"Then, I'll go down."

Shirone looked puzzled.

'Go down?'

This was the third floor, so going down meant only the first floor. She wouldn't take the elevator to go to the second floor.

Kang Nan took out a key and opened the board and pressed her fingerprint on the glass. A thin light scanned and the light came on and the internal device came out. It was a panel with six horizontal and six vertical buttons, a total of 36 buttons.

Kang Nan took a deep breath and entered 24 patterns.

When the approval was granted, a woman's voice came from the ceiling.

-Moving to the 10th basement floor. This is a first-class security zone.

Gando and Flu looked at Gaold. They had taken the elevator together for now, but how far they could accompany him was entirely up to Gaold's authority.

"Hmm."

Gaold didn't care about such things and looked at Shirone. Then he realized that Shirone's eyes were fixed on the panel and chuckled.

"Are you curious?"

"Huh? Oh, yes. It's my first time taking an elevator. I didn't know there was a password either."

"Kukuku, you must have memorized it like a brat."

"Oh, no!"

Shirone shook her hand hastily and then confessed with a red face.

"Yes. Actually..."

"Hahaha! You're very meticulous! Well, that's how a magician should be. But it's useless. The password changes every day. And what's really important is that no one in the association knows the password."

Shirone tilted her head.

"No one knows? But just now, Kang Nan..."

"Yeah, she entered the pattern exactly. But you see, Kang Nan doesn't know what she pressed either."

Is that possible? Shirone wondered.

"How can that be?"

"She stores the pattern in her subconscious, not in her memory. Think of an instrument and it's easy. If you practice the same song every day, your hand moves before you think. It's a similar principle. Kang Nan goes to a random password generator and looks at the pattern for about an hour every day. It's important not to think about anything. Then she just presses whatever her hand goes to."

Gaold pretended to press any button in the air.

"Of course, it's different from playing an instrument, so training is required, but if you acquire the skill, it's more secure than any password system. The harder you try to remember, the harder it is to recall."

Shirone stuck out her tongue at the security system that transcended common sense. She could tell the association's technology just by looking at the fact that a password system that she couldn't even learn from books was already applied to the association.

'You're having fun. I guess there's nothing you can see in your eyes that Chairman did well for you?'

Flu, who had been listening to their conversation, glared at Shirone with envy.

He had never exchanged more than a few words with Gaold himself. But Shirone was not only taking him to a first-class security zone, but also kindly explaining the secret of the password system.

The elevator went through the first floor and went down into complete darkness. It was a mistake to think that it was about 10 floors above ground when it said 10th basement floor. The elevator went down for a full minute, and finally the door opened.

Flu, of course, and even Gando had never been here before, so they naturally became nervous. They waited for Gaold and Kang Nan to get off first, and Flu looked around with excited eyes.

"Where is this...?"

It was a huge cavern. The ceiling was high like the sky, and there were no pillars inside, which expanded regardless of the area of ​​the Magic Association building.

Shirone, who had been to places beyond common sense quite well, was also surprised by the size of the underground. The temples and buildings of heaven she saw in Miro's space-time were great, but this place's emptiness gave her pressure in another sense.

'But why are we here?'

It was too wide for a place to have an interview.

When Shirone looked at Kang Nan, she explained as she pushed up her glasses.

"This is the widest place in the Magic Association. It's vacant, but it's built as a bunker with durability beyond imagination. And it's also one of the few places free from magic control devices. It was built for various purposes, but when it's not an exhibition, it mainly demonstrates magic related to secrets."
[Translated block]
"I see."

The Magic Association was a place where all the magic in the kingdom was analyzed, so there had to be at least one such space.

Shirone, who realized this, looked back at Gaold with a surprised expression.

"You're going to demonstrate magic?"

Gaold smiled with his eyes and looked back at her. Shirone flinched her shoulders.

His fighting spirit heated up the air in the bunker. He had become a completely different person from when he saw him in the elevator.
[Translated block]