


[235] 4. Combat Simulation (5)

Shironedo engraved it in his mind. No matter what profession they chose, mages had to be able to protect themselves and their allies. They were given tasks that ordinary people couldn't do. It would be more efficient to hire scholars if mages only sat at desks and shuffled papers.

"Then let's start for real. It's too much to test with a succubus, so this time, please summon a dragonbone soldier."

Sade immediately dismissed the succubus he had been waiting for that remark. He entered the code for the dragonbone soldier and a steel-colored skeleton was projected onto the 2000th floor.

The students cheered again. The dragonbone soldier was a magical creature made from the fangs of a dragon. It was so hard that physical attacks had almost no effect on it, so it was called a powerful monster that only divine mages who learned Turn Undead could escape from.

"I'll invite one of the teachers for demonstration."

"I'll do it."

Sade stepped forward. He honestly didn't want to do it, but he couldn't send Shiina or Etera. He didn't want to see a woman get beaten by a dragonbone soldier.

"Although it's virtual, the information you receive is based on the real dragonbone soldier, so you can consider it as actual combat. Then let's go lightly with 50 percent sync rate. Is that okay?"

"Haha! Of course. What's 50 percent?"

He wasn't really okay. The dragonbone soldier was a powerful monster even for a certified 6th grade mage. He couldn't guarantee that his mind could withstand the shock even if it was only half.

"Then Sade teacher will receive the attack of the dragonbone soldier."

The dragonbone soldier approached with thumping footsteps.

'Scary. Damn.'

Sade waited with a trembling expression. The giant skeleton raised its sword like an artifact and the students' eyes widened.

It was an enormous force.

"Huh? Huh?"

The arm of the dragonbone soldier fell at a terrifying speed.

As the virtual sword passed through Sade's body, the percentage gauge floating above his head was cut by 50 percent.

Sade tried hard to act calm.

"As you can see, Sade teacher's mental power has been reduced by half. This is because he would die if he was cut by the sword. Since the sync rate is currently 50 percent, only half is cut. If a mage receives a death judgment, the hologram will pass through. This is called 'eaten'. Then I'll show you a defense judgment. Sade teacher."

Sade cast magic like an experienced assistant. He used Air Skin and a layer of compressed air covered his body, reducing the percentage gauge by 1 percent.

Since mental power was quantified, the gauge decreased not only when attacked, but also when casting magic.

"Okay, let's receive the attack of the dragonbone soldier."

The dragonbone soldier lifted its arm and swung its sword down. This time it was different from the eaten judgment. The blade stopped as if it hit Sade's head with a thud. The percentage gauge decreased by 1.8 percent.

Olivia nodded with satisfaction.

"That's amazing. You got 48.2 percent defense power for 1 percent cost of Air Skin. If you think of it as actual combat, you're almost unaffected mentally after receiving a full-force blow from the dragonbone soldier. You see how strong Sade teacher is, right?"

All the students answered yes loudly. It was such a destructive power that even advanced class students would die instantly if they were grazed by it.

Sade shrugged his shoulders proudly. There was no need to reveal that he had expanded an extremely complex formula just before being hit.

"We call it 'blocked' when the hologram doesn't pass through. Eaten and blocked. These two judgments take away your mental power through anti-magic and magic control techniques."

Magic control was a technique that blocked certain circuits in the brain and made it impossible to concentrate.

Spirit Zone was a phenomenon where the whole brain was activated, so if only part of the cerebral network was blocked, concentration became impossible.

If one circuit was blocked, the brain immediately bypassed it and transmitted information through another route.&nbsp;
[Translated block]


```text
But the magic control device also changes the blocking path at a speed of 20 times per second, so it is possible to think, but it is a phenomenon that cannot enter the spirit zone.

Of course, if you exceed the blocking speed of 20 times per second and bypass the irregular pattern, it is possible to enter the spirit zone.

But the official position of the association was that it was impossible unless you were a public second-class grand mage or higher.

It was a great technology, but the students were not interested in magic control.

It was not something that hurt their minds, and it was a technology developed to be used by criminals, so it was natural that people who did not dream of being engineers were not interested.

But they had no choice but to be afraid of the word anti-magic.

"Principal teacher, anti-magic is probably..."

"Yes, I know what you are worried about. It's magic that damages your mind. But don't worry, there is no big danger unless the sync rate is over 80 percent."

Olivia finished firmly and moved on to the next.

"Then let's move on to the attack judgment. It's called 'push'. Mr. Sad."

It was time to attack the dragon soldier. But Sad had no choice but to lose his appetite.

If he couldn't do holy magic, he needed physical strength or firepower enough to break or melt the dragon's teeth.

It wasn't impossible if he did his best, but he didn't want to show off his dragon in front of the students.

"Um, dragon soldier..."

"Oh, I see. I'll do it."

Sad stepped back and Olivia took his place instead.

She looked at the dragon soldier and lightly raised her hand and cast holy magic Holy Cross.

At the same time as the light burst from her palm, a large cross of light exploded at the vital point of the dragon soldier.

The dragon soldier staggered back from the shock.

"This is push. Virtual information cannot push your body, but holograms can do anything. The monster's death judgment also belongs to push. Let me show you a demonstration."

Olivia slightly protruded her lips. A high-pitched sound leaked out from between her lips that opened sensually.

When she cast Holy Cross, a cross four times larger than before shattered the dragon soldier.

The students' eyes widened at the sight of bones dancing in the sky.

The teachers were also shocked.

She easily performed single-tone technique, an advanced technique of ultrasonic technique, which is worthy of being the highest authority of spirit magic.

Shina looked at her with complicated feelings. She tried to hold on as much as possible until Alpheus returned, but she couldn't stop her admiration.

"That's amazing. Judging by the amplification power, it must have been over 2,000 syllables."

"It took me about 0.82 seconds. It's like reading five pages of a novel in less than a second."

Ethela's realistic analogy gave me goosebumps.

I couldn't even imagine how fast that was.

"The basics of spirit are to repeat and spit out. Not only pronunciation but also speed of thought is terrifying."

"Yes, that's why they fill hell with S-class criminals instead of magic control devices and make them unable to think at all. Of course, principal teacher is not a criminal."

The fact that Olivia's mental power gauge did not decrease at all even after casting magic was the most surprising.

It would have been less than 0.1 percent decrease. It seemed like blowing up a dragon soldier was easier for her than breathing.

"I will finish explaining this two thousand basic things with this. We will alternate between image zone and two thousand for classes, so please check your schedule well. Class seven will match sync rate to 20 percent and increase by 10 percent step by step until class four reaches 50 percent. For reference, graduating class is currently training at 80 percent and graduation test is 100 percent. If you have any additional questions, ask now."

A student in class four raised his hand.

"What happens if the gauge runs out completely?"
```
[Translated block]


```
"I see. Look at Mr. Sade's gauge."

The students' eyes turned to Sade. His gauge was already full.

"The mental gauge reflects the magician's mind in real time. It decreases when you are attacked, and also when you cast magic. Of course, it fills up when you rest. If it becomes 0 percent, the two bracelets will light up and the two thousand effect will disappear. Any other questions?"

"Uh... Is that really all?"

Olivia smiled with her eyes.

"Yes, that's all. Through the two thousand practical training, you will be able to greatly improve your tactical and strategic understanding. Above all, the core function of the two thousand has not even come out yet, so there is no need to be nervous from now on."

The teachers' faces darkened.

They acknowledged the efficiency of the two thousand, but the reason they limited it to the graduating class was because of this problem.

"No matter how strong the monster is, it is only dead information artificially collected. The fact that there is a pattern means that you can also find a way to deal with it. The true strength of the two thousand lies elsewhere. Information that cannot be found in patterns. The collision of living information."

The students began to stir. They understood the system of the two thousand and guessed what Olivia meant by her words.

"The interpersonal combat that is called the flower of the two thousand."

@

The advanced class integrated class was divided into image zone and two thousand classes. The students who quickly adapted to Olivia's policy no longer felt any resistance to the two thousand.

"Hey, over there! Catch him!"

"No, you have to drive him this way!"

The kids from Class Seven were hunting Tycon.

A furless red-brown monster with a long beak and sharp claws. It was not very big and had a sync rate of only 10 percent, so it was a monster that could be caught without fear.

As dozens of kids cast magic into the sky, an anti-aircraft net unfolded. Tycon caught in a concentrated fire fell to the ground after being hit by all kinds of magic.

"We got him! He got hit by an ice sword!"

"No, you idiot! He got hit by my wind cutter!"

"Anyway, we won! We caught a monster!"

The standard way to hunt flying monsters was to spread a fire net at a passing intersection. The students of Class Seven realized how efficient the anti-aircraft net was in practice.

Shirone felt the change in the students.

All the students devoted themselves more to magic training after the two thousand classes started. It was the effect of Olivia's practicalism.

When Class Four's turn came after the juniors' practice ended, the level of monsters increased significantly.

The Ulk we met in Hwajeon Village was basic, and giant scorpions Scorpion and Harpy who used sound magic were running wild.

The troll with regenerative ability was the most difficult. They heard that he was weak against magic, but he didn't even flinch at mediocre attacks.

"Come out, Mercedes."

Boyle summoned Mercedes, a creature of the Arctic Ocean.

A biological creature of the monster world's extreme monster class sea urchin, it had a 50-centimeter sphere with hard bristles like thorns.

It had no intelligence, but once it stuck to something, it tried to cool it down and make it similar to its own environment, so it was a monster that summoners chose when they needed ice-type abilities.

A creature that couldn't survive for a minute at room temperature, Mercedes instinctively blew cold air as soon as it stuck to the troll's back.

As the troll began to freeze, his regenerative ability decreased and his movements slowed down. The students who seized the opportunity poured concentrated attacks and smashed the troll.

"We did it! We knocked down a troll!"

"Boyle, you're amazing? It takes at least two months to master Mercedes in an extremely low temperature environment, right? When did you go to the Arctic?"

"Haha! What Arctic? I lived in a freezer every day."

Boyle's name value went up as soon as he introduced himself. In the existing classes, there were not many opportunities to prove the usefulness of summoning magic, but in practice, summoned creatures with abilities that their peers could not use shone.
```

Is this what you wanted?
[Translated block]


On the other hand, Pandora, who was second in class Po, became increasingly anxious.

She had a strong desire to stand out, but it was too hard to overwhelm monsters with fragrance magic.

I'm sorry if there are any errors in my translation. I'm still learning and improving.😊
[Translated block]