


```text
[215] 6. Heaven's Commotion (2)

Bang!

As Imir's straight punch landed, Lian's figure disappeared, leaving only his greatsword behind.

All sorts of thoughts flooded Lian's mind as he flew away. To avoid the follow-up attack, he had to regain his balance and land safely. He barely managed to do so. He felt like he could land on both feet.

But the next moment, he realized that his body was rolling on the floor, crumpled.

The shock in his body faded away and he felt the cold floor touch his cheek.

An incomprehensible sound escaped from his mouth. His body was not in pain, but he had no strength.

Imir looked at the sprawled Lian and picked up the greatsword that had fallen on the floor. It was a greatsword for humans, but it looked like an ordinary sword when Imir held it.

Imir's eyes sparkled as he examined the blade of the greatsword.

"Ho ho? This is quite useful."

"Gi-give it back. That's... my grandfather's...."

Lian got up, shaking his legs.

Thanks to his daily training that pushed his body to the limit, he recovered from the shock much faster than normal people. It was what they called guts.

Imir grinned and threw the greatsword. The greatsword slid on the floor and reached Lian.

"Do you want to try again? I like your spirit."

Lian picked up the greatsword with difficulty and charged again. The gap in power was obvious, but if Imir was heading to the Great World War, there was no other choice than fighting.

Imir and Lian collided in the middle of the corridor. Imir didn't even bother to block the greatsword.

Clang! The greatsword hit Imir's forehead. No, he blocked it with his forehead, to be precise.

Imir's fist flew with a large arc.

He couldn't avoid it. Lian realized that fact and widened his eyes. He wanted to fight until the last moment if he had to die.

Imir felt a thrill from Lian's eyes.

'It's a shame I don't know his name.'

Imir's fist cut through the air and passed through where Lian was.

Silence prevailed for a while.

Imir's expression turned sour. Was there anything more unpleasant than an intruder interrupting a fight? 

A strange but familiar phenomenon.

He clearly saw Lian being split into dozens of squares just before his fist hit him.

"Anyway... The high ones don't know how to read the mood."

From a point about 3 meters away from where Lian was, square glass panels flickered and projected two figures.

A black-haired handsome man, Ashur. And next to him, Lian was kneeling down.

Imir smiled coldly. It was obvious that something bad was happening in the Great World War, just by the fact that Mara, who was notorious for being lazy in heaven, had shown up.

"Hey, a busy person has come. Where did you leave the one you admire and wander around the battlefield?"

"Imir, if you don't follow the law, something bad will happen. Go back."

"Heh heh, what if I don't?"

"I have no choice but to erase your existence."

Ashur spread his palm and 30 glass panels stood in three rows in midair. There, a long and thin sword emitting a purple glow was projected.

"Signal?"

Ashur's ability Signal collects all kinds of signals.

Each glass panel contains one signal, and by combining the patterns of those panels, he can create phenomena that are close to infinite.

Ashur's sword 'Shockwave' was also made by receiving 30 different signals.

It vibrated by itself due to the electromagnetic pulse effect, so once it penetrated, it destroyed the inside with its lethal power.

Lian looked up at Ashur blankly. It was as if he had died and been reborn, skipping the middle process.

"Who are you?"

"Go away. I'm an ally."

It was a short word, but he could understand it right away. It was clear that Shirone had created some variable.

Lian glared at Imir. But he didn't even look at him after Ashur appeared.
```
[Translated block]


```
Lian bit her lip and ran towards the World Gate.

She felt a fire boiling inside her. She was not raised to be afraid of defeat. But she felt ashamed that she had not succeeded in a single attack.

She sensed Tes's drone following her from behind. The machine was silent, but she heard its comforting voice as a hallucination.

"Jegil! Jegil!"

Lian ran with all her strength towards the World Gate.

@

Ashur was still blocking the way. He wanted to follow Lian to the World Gate, but his priority was to stop Imir right now.

He could use his ability 'Transfer' to send a signal to his desired destination and move there in an instant, but the World Gate was impossible.

It was a place covered with electromagnetic waves, so it was faster to run than to wait for the signal to be transmitted.

That was why he sent Lian first.

"Step back, Imir. I will not tolerate any more disobedience."

Imir stroked his chin and said.

"Seeing that you left behind the pretty angel, it seems that something important has happened. Why don't you share it with me?"

"It's none of your business."

"It sounds like it is my business."

Ashur did not deny it.

What the king of giants Imir wanted was a battle. He, who had his body taken away by force, was waiting for a fierce fight that he could only win with his original power.

On the other hand, Ikael wanted to prevent a war.

If Ikael wished for it, Ashur would follow him too.

Nothing would happen in heaven as long as he stepped in. Therefore, there was no reason for Imir to be interested in anything.

Ashur aimed his Shockwave at Imir's vital point.

"By the order of Archangel Ikael, I will deprive you of all your rights."

"Kukuku, did you have such authority as a lowly angel?"

Ashur rushed in like a storm.

Imir's arms crossed and his arms cracked and blood spurted out. The vibration of the electromagnetic wave burned his bones.

Ashur pressed down on Imir with an insulted look.

"How dare you insult an archangel, you mere giant? You are nothing but flesh. Do not blaspheme the noble spirit with your filthy tongue."

"A mere giant?"

One of Imir's eyebrows twitched.

"I am Imir."

Ashur felt a killing intent and widened the distance. But Imir caught up with him with one leap.

Imir's powerful straight pierced through his abdomen.

"Kuk!"

Shock filled Ashur's eyes.

His figure, which had been frozen in time, blurred and then disappeared along with the 180 glass plates that contained the signal.

Imir looked back with an annoyed expression.

Ashur, who had completed the transfer to a new space, stood with a dignified posture and stretched out his Shockwave.

"Kuku, aren't you pushing yourself too hard? I heard that the restraint of power is severe."

"It's not your place to sympathize with me. You'd better take care of your flesh."

"Is that so?"

"Hell of Ice and Fire."

The space around Ashur and Imir was surrounded by glass plates.

About 2,400 glass plates flickered and began to collect signals of heat and cold. Fire and ice crossed at 10-centimeter intervals, creating a dizzying sight.

What would happen here when all the signals were transmitted? Would it burn in the heat? Would it freeze in the cold?

"You brought this upon yourself. Don't blame me."

"I don't blame anyone. I'm the strongest."

Imir bared his teeth like a beast and charged. Ashur also opened his cold eyes and swung his Shockwave.

Heat and cold swept over them as the transfer was completed.

@

"Tes! Just wait a little longer! I'm almost there!"

Lian didn't save oxygen anymore. She reached the bridge leading to the World Gate after running for 10 minutes since she parted with Ashur.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
The length of the bridge was one kilometer and the width was 60 meters. It felt like floating in the sky without guardrails. When the wind blew, my stomach churned for no reason.

At the end of the bridge, there was a dome-shaped structure. It was the World Tree where my friends were captured.

Seeing the building was a good sign. It meant that Canis had deactivated the Mecha system.

"What, you're still here?"

I turned around and saw Canis approaching.

"You, how did you get here so fast?"

"I took a portal. But why is your face like that? You look like you've been beaten up."

Lian touched his face. He didn't even feel the pain from rolling on the floor and swelling up. He looked up at the drone with an apologetic feeling.

'I'm sorry, Tess.'

Canis also noticed it. He could tell it was Tess's without hearing an explanation.

It was impressive that he had sent the drone away even in the situation of being captured by an angel.

"How's the situation inside? Did you check?"

"Yeah. It looks okay for now. But..."

Suddenly, the drone's condition became strange. It flew around without direction and then fell down like it lost power.

Lian quickly picked it up and examined it.

The operation lamp was off. It was a device connected to the brainwaves, so it was evidence that something had happened to Tess's well-being.

"What? What's going on?"

"I don't know! There's no time!"

Lian jumped first. He could have gone in one go if it was a dark port, but the bridge floating in the sky was all light territory.

Canis grabbed Lian and cast a light magic spell, swallowing his pride.

The flash carrying two people raced across the bridge.

@

"You bastard!"

Amy shouted at Cariel with a glare. Tess and Arin's faces were also distorted.

As information infiltrated from the panel implanted in their heads, they felt dizzy as if they had drunk a lot of alcohol.

"Don't worry. It's just adjusting your hormones to a suitable state for the Elixir of Life."

Cariel, who was casually checking on the women's condition, turned his eyes to the screen.

"There's nothing much changing. It'll be different after the Elixir of Life is over. But does it matter anyway? It's something that every living being has to go through once."

"Shut up! Why do you get to decide that? Do you think we'll do whatever you want? I'd rather bite my tongue and die than go through this!"

Cariel frowned as if he had seen something disgusting.

"I don't understand. You're not being punished. You're chosen for a noble mission of conceiving Nephilim. There weren't many women who refused the Elixir of Life so far. Don't you want eternal life?"

"I don't want eternal life! Even if I die tomorrow, I'll live my life as I want!"

"We can't communicate. Anyway, nothing will change. Once all the information in the panel is transferred, it'll be impossible to reverse."

-Progress of Elixir of Life 20 percent.

A woman's voice came from the ceiling. It seemed to announce every 10 percent. For those who were being experimented on, the emotionless voice was even more eerie.

Amy tried to break free from the handcuffs with all her strength.

If she could only get her hands out, she would grab and pull out the panel on her forehead.

Even if she lost her life, she would live her own life.

"Tess! Amy! Arin!"

The door of the World Tree opened roughly. Lian and Canis entered at the same time as if they were racing.

Tess, who had been watching them cross the bridge, shouted.

"Lian! I'm here! Hurry up and undo this!"

Lian stopped walking and flinched. He was overwhelmed by the size of the World Tree that exceeded his imagination.

It wasn't just the scale, but also the pieces and mechanisms that were unfamiliar.

On one side, a planet was rotating, and on the other side of the tower, all kinds of lights were flashing brightly.

"Damn! What is this place?"
```
[Translated block]


Kariel flew up to a height where he could see the humans at a glance.

"Did you follow the women? This must be the foolishness of ignorant humans."

"Are you the culprit? Don't think this will end well for you after what you did to my friend."

Lian raised his sword with caution.

His actions were careful, unlike his strong words. Lian, who had seen the power of the fallen angel Icasa with his own eyes, could guess the might of the archangel.
[Translated block]