


[709] 19,000 Worlds (3)

Benda.

The huge and colossal power of the law twisted the gears of ethics and brought Lian in front of the lady.

'Benda!'

Therefore, the force of the great sword that pierced vertically had a transcendent feeling that could not be measured by speed or impact.

'It ends here!'

The next event was unthinkable, and the lady had a paralyzing experience in front of a desperate blow.

'Is it a natural enemy?'

When something is perfectly split in two, humans cannot choose between this side and that side.

'Belief is contrary to the ethics of beasts.'

The lady's monstrous sense was destroyed at that point.

"Kiyaaaaaaa!"

The lady retreated with the tremendous power of the V-12 cylinder engine.

"Did you avoid it?"

The world seemed to go out for a moment, but Lian, who burned his mind to protect Shirone, rushed again.

Kido, who watched the two people quickly move away, took a deep breath and looked ahead.

"Go into Andre! Kill the wizard!"

Dozens of Marga thieves who had already received orders from the lady rushed toward Kido.

'Can I do it?'

If it's just a fight, it's over when you die, but if Kido gets pushed back, the next target is Shirone.

He swallowed his saliva.

'I'm thirsty.'

He was thirsty enough to go crazy.

* * *

The place where Shirone arrived was the center of Andre's labyrinth that he had confirmed with a three-dimensional model.

The key was to contain all 19,000 entrances to the Spirit Zone, and it was close to guesswork.

'If I activate quantum superposition in this state...'

Ultima System, which was acquired independently rather than integrating senses, is not yet perfect.

As events increase, control becomes impossible, and unintended experiences will contaminate Shirone's ego.

'I have no choice.'

Shirone opened his eyes wide and cast a spell as if he was staring at Gepin waiting at the end of fate.

Quantum Superposition-Wheel of Fortune.

At first it is double overlap.

And then they started to fill Andre's labyrinth with endless events towards infinity.

"Kuuuuuuu!"

From World Name No. 1 to No. 19000.

Codes that cannot be deciphered without Ultima System were dismantled by Shirone's hand and iron doors emitted light.

'Who am I?'

Shirone knelt down on his knees.

He couldn't remember his name, age, or even the fact that he was human as his consciousness faded.

"......"

Finally, when he lost control, many Shirones began to unfold independent events.

If this world is someone's dream, then the lives of Shirones who are now vivid are also created by the main body's mind.

"I'll be back for sure."

At the same time as all Shirones said looking at their universe, 19,000 worlds opened at once.

A huge light rose and then quieted down.

* * *

At the top of the ivory tower, artificial star.

Seven stars and Araca found Mahagaruta guarding the Earth Temple where Tae Sung lives.

'It's one of the five stars.'

There is no hierarchy among the stars, but this is not because of the logic of equality, but because it is useless from the beginning.

Anyone who can gauge the depth of enlightenment can accept it from their heart without having to mention rank or anything like that.

Especially Mini, Borbor, and Tzuyi felt that they were heaven above heaven in their skin.

'Enlightened ones...'

If only a few people understand Ruber and brain, maybe Tae Sung is the only one who understands the essence of the five stars.

While 2-star residents were making a fuss mentally, 3-star Arte and Heukgangsi did not act rashly.

Ruber stepped forward as a representative.

"Buddha sir, it's been a long time."

Mahagaruta lifted his eyelids and golden light filled his pupils.

It was a strange look indeed, but his smile was warm.

"That's right, Mr. Ruber. We used to have a lot of conversations back then. I miss those days."
[Translated block]


```
"I can't see you if you don't sleep. How about making some time to visit me soon?"

"I'm already having a good dream right now."

A dialogue like a pre-written script went back and forth, and Mahagaruta turned his body slowly while sitting cross-legged in the air.

"Please go in. Tae-seong is waiting for you."

As Mahagaruta's eyes exploded, the white light disappeared and the majestic sight of the Earth Temple came into view.

As if he had been dreaming until now, or as if this was a dream.

"Tae-seong, I have come at your call."

A woman in pure white clothes was standing on the glass floor of the Earth Temple, where the planet was visible, leaning back.

As if by gravity, it was no exaggeration to say that all the stars in the Ivory Tower were orbiting around her.

"Welcome, my children."

It was a clear voice that cleared his mind of any dust.

"Sit comfortably."

As Tae-seong sat on the glass floor where the vast land of Kashan was visible, the stars took their places around her.

"The reason I called you today is......"

They had been arguing before meeting Tae-seong, so they all focused on her lips.

"Today is my birthday."

At first they thought it was a joke.

'Birthday? Did Tae-seong have such a thing?'

They knew nothing about her, but they thought it would be at least not a similar concept to humans.

Borbor was the first to speak.

"Uh... Happy birthday. How are you?"

Tae-seong joked back.

"What do you mean by just saying? You have to give me a present."

While the 2-star ranks were noticeably flustered, the expressions of the 3-star ranks gradually became serious.

"Are you serious? Then how old are you this year...?"

"Hehe, actually I'm not at an age to celebrate my birthday. I just remembered the old days. I missed you guys. That's all."

It was a heartwarming word, but their cold reason quickly identified the source of their discomfort.

"Tae-seong, we still need you."

The fact that someone at the peak of intelligence became emotional meant that there was a huge event happening in the world.

Artega clenched his eyes and said.

"Please tell me. Is it Jedan, Anke Rai, Nane, or Shiro-ne? I'll take care of it."

Tae-seong shook her head.

"Just because you have the power to destroy doesn't mean you can destroy everything. In the end, there will be nothing worth existing. Everything exists without reason, and that's why it can be noble."

The atmosphere became solemn.

"Um, Tae-seong-nim."

Tsuo raised his hand quietly and asked.

"Who did you vote for this time?"

It was a question thrown to change the mood, but he couldn't help but get a glare from Artega and Heukgangsi.

"Hehe, who do you think I voted for?"

Miniga said.

"Of course it's Nane. Shiro-ne and Jinseong-eum are also excellent, but Nane is on a different dimension. He also has the highest car score."

"Car is not a tool for competition."

Tae-seong clasped her hands and said.

"Think of this universe as a small room. When you first enter, all enlightenment comes at once. Things like smell, shape, color, atmosphere. Anyone can say they know this room roughly, and that's why getting 50 percent of car score is easy."

Tae-seong's palms slightly parted.

"But to know more precisely, more than five senses must be mobilized. The location of things, their uses, their history and meaning. That's why raising car score is hard as it gets closer to perfection."

Tae-seong spread her arms wide.

"Now let's assume that we know everything about this room. You guys have figured out everything about this room, even down to the dust in the corner. Then are you finally 100 percent car?"

Everyone kept silent.

"It can never be done. Even if you figure out everything in this room, how do you prove it? What if you missed something? Is what I know really true?"
```

I hope this translation is helpful to you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"There is no one who can say that they know their own room perfectly."

"That's right. 0.01 percent out of 100 percent, maybe even smaller than that. That's what it is......"

Taesung's two palms gently landed on his chest.

"It's the heart."

"Heart......"

"To fully realize that you have reached perfection, you must have a heart. Something that I don't have, but Shirone does. If there is a variable, it would probably be a matter of the heart."

As the stars were immersed in their thoughts, Tzuyu pointed at Taesung and asked.

"Then, after all...... did you vote for Shirone?"

Taesung stuck out his tongue and smiled with his eyes.

"That's a secret."

* * *

Labyrinth Pythagoras.

A lawful lowland where the stale air of the world flows in, a fortress that has never been conquered by countless monks who have challenged it since ancient times to destroy evil.

"Is this the hole of corruption?"

When Canis and Arin arrived, there were many organizations outside the dark cave of the labyrinth.

They were all masters who were renowned in the world, and Arin said after checking their faces.

"Canis, let's think again. This is not it. It's too hard to start with."

Pythagoras looked like a gloomy, damp, and slimy entrance of a window that was bubbling with a telescope.

"That's why it's worth challenging. Even if you conquer only the entrance, it will be a matter of time before you make a name for yourself."

Canis and Arin, who failed the graduation exam, dropped out of magic school and wandered around the world investigating relics.

Canis' dream was an archaeologist and Arin supported his dream, but this time he was overconfident.

"If I give up like this, I feel like I'll never be able to do anything. If you're scared, stay here. I'll go in alone."

Arin sighed, knowing Canis' stubbornness.

"Okay, I'll go with you. But promise me that you'll listen to me when it's really dangerous."

As Canis nodded his head cheerfully, Arin suddenly looked at the wilderness.

A boy with tattoos all over his face was wearing a hood like a thistle and slowly moving his steps.

"Ca, Canis......"

Her voice trembled so seriously.

'It's not a telescope. It's too clear a vision......'

Nane, who saw Pythagoras in the distance, moved his steps with a calm look.

Nane's time was different from everyone else's time.

Car value 97.8 percent.

Nane's thoughts were different from everyone else's thoughts.

Car value 98.2 percent.

"......I see."

Car value 99.1 percent.

For him, who had gone through all degrees, the enlightenment he gained in the world of apostles worked as an extreme of antithesis.

"Oh, I was mistaken."

He was moving toward perfection through infinite combinations.

Car value 99.3 percent.

As he moved his steps, Canis felt that huge barriers were collapsing one by one.

"It doesn't make sense......"

Canis, who stabbed his buttocks with a thud, looked up at Nane who passed by him indifferently.

'Shirone, honestly you're amazing too......'

Why did Shirone come to mind at this moment?

'He's different. He surpasses you.'

'Seven steps.'

The distance left to Pythagoras.

'Six steps.'

As the distance shortened, Nane's car value endlessly broke through the insurmountable limit value.

'One step.'

Nane, who momentarily stopped the universe, looked up at the sky as he took the last step on the ground.

"I realized."

Car value 99.99 percent.

As everyone watched with bated breath, Nane pointed to the sky with his right hand and to the ground with his left hand and said.

"Heaven and earth are unique and independent."
```
[Translated block]