
Amy shrugged her shoulders.

"Fine, fine. You're so stubborn. But don't push yourself too hard, okay? We need you in good shape when we meet Prince Kazra."

Reina nodded reluctantly.

"Alright. But don't worry too much about me
[Translated block]


- "Wow, we're finally here." Amy said as she looked out at the majestic silhouette of the palace looming in the darkness. "Are you ready for this, Sirone?"
- "I can't believe we're at the palace." Amy said nervously as she saw the guards surrounding the carriage. "Do you think they'll let us in without any trouble, Sirone?"
- "How long do you think we'll stay at the palace?" Amy asked curiously as she watched the lights flicker in the windows of the palace. "Do you have any idea what they want from you, Sirone?"
[Translated block]


```text
But the carriage stopped shaking and the sound of horse hooves was clear as it ran on the paved road.

Shirone opened the window and looked outside. It was dark and I couldn't see clearly, but buildings were passing by. He entered the city. But there was no house with the lights on.

The soldier on horseback approached Shirone and said.

"I'm sorry. You can't see outside during night patrol. I'll close the window."

The guard closed the window with a thud.

Shirone turned around with a bad taste in his mouth. Reyna and Amy also had absurd expressions.

Amy pouted her lips.

"Chi! As soon as I enter the royal city, people change."

"You can't be sure. It's the first time that person has spoken to us. It's a matter of careful judgment."

Shirone also thought that Reyna's way of thinking was correct.

It's a tightrope walk from now on. A small mistake or misunderstanding could endanger everyone.

When he entered the inner city, dawn broke. The escort soldier knocked on the carriage and told him that he could enjoy sightseeing as much as he wanted.

Shirone felt a sense of alienation from another country. It seemed that at night, not only going outside, but even coveting it was not allowed.

'Surely it's more rigid than Torumia. I always have to keep that in mind.'

The carriage passed through a large moat that surrounded the royal city and entered the inner city.

The Kazra royal city was not as beautiful as the buildings of heaven, but it was huge in scale.

When he crossed half of the bridge, a fanfare rang out.

The military band appeared, and all the lower managers of the royal city came out and greeted them with applause.

Shirone looked back at Reyna at the unexpected welcome.

"What's going on?"

"That's right. I didn't think they would welcome us openly."

It was definitely strange for Reyna to think about it.

If it was the Kazra Kingdom that grew under Teraje's protection, Shirone's existence would be a thorn in the side of the Empress faction.

'But even without assassination, there was no other incident. And this kind of hospitality...'

There were two things that could be realistically thought of.

Either Orkampf's side is also betting their lives on this Shirone incident, or rather Teraje's side doesn't even fart.

Both were possible, so neither could be conclusively determined which one was more certain.

He looked at Shirone's expression, but he was calm.

He would be more nervous than anyone in this situation, but as soon as he arrived at the royal city, his anxiety when he left disappeared completely. This was also what Reyna admired about Shirone.

He was like that in the Ogent family. He is usually an innocent boy like any other peer, but when danger strikes, he becomes cold like a lie.

'Well... Now he is the best magician candidate in the kingdom.'

Shirone's essence was intact, but everything that made him up was different from before. Reyna, who saw Shirone's article in Spirit magazine, asked a magician she knew what an unlocker was.

It was said to be the largest mental state that humans can reach.

After knowing that fact, I couldn't see Shirone as young as before when I met him again.

The Kazra Castle was a building of about 20,000 pyeong, and the resident population was about 1,000.

It was more of a combat design than a flashy one, so perhaps because of that, the entrance was narrower than any other castle.

But as soon as I entered, a grand hall spread out that made me think it was a royal city.

High-ranking managers stood in red carpets according to their seniority order, and there was a throne on top of the stairs where Orkampf IV sat.

It wasn't polite to look directly at the king's face, but Shirone's party couldn't take their eyes off him.

He had blond hair like Shirone and had an elegant impression that was hard to believe as a ruler of one country. But his energy was not trivial.

No matter how much he is a king, he is just a person under the sky, but people who hold millions of lives have something different for sure.
```
[Translated block]


```
'That person...'

Orkamp and Shirone looked like they could be father and son when placed side by side.

It didn't feel like they were stamped on a plate, but they had been apart for 18 years, so they had to consider the difference in environment.

Shirone's party held a ceremony according to the law.

But Orkamp didn't even react and only stared at Shirone's face intently.

"Lift your head."

Shirone met Orkamp's eyes.

The king's gaze drew him in and shook his heart. It was the aura of a sovereign that he couldn't feel from a swordsman or a magician.

But he soon regained his composure and returned to a calm state. It was the state of mind that was not shaken by the will of others.

Then Orkamp's eyes shone as if he was surprised.

'Is he really my son...'
```
[Translated block]