


```text
[710] 19,000 Worlds (4)

* * *

Labyrinth Jessica.

In the beautiful kingdom of Moltan, adjacent to the Mediterranean and the north, there is one of the three great labyrinths of the world, the Giant's Ruins.

The Giant's Ruins was a paradise for many hunters since the great hunter Jessica first discovered it.

Some people knew about heaven and some didn't, but it was a fact that there were countless ancient weapons buried here.

When Jinsung Eum arrived at Jessica, there were many tents around the huge pyramid.

Merchants opened their stalls to provide their convenience, and farther away, there was a building of Moltan Kingdom's Ruins Restoration Project.

"Jessica is also an unconquered labyrinth. But unlike the other three great labyrinths, it's also a place where money is made."

At the words of Moon Kyung, the captain of 'Sambo', Jinsung Eum looked at Jessica's pyramid with a clear breath.

The big eyes torn to the side were fierce like a cat, and the lips tightly closed with force were red like strawberries.

As is often the case with women from the East, she had a small stature but a long neck and beautiful proportions, and her fists were always clenched.

'Woman of steel.'

Moon Kyung admired Jinsung Eum.

'I don't think I can have you.'

The distance that Eum allowed him was three steps.

If he had a wish as the captain of the princess's guard, it was to get closer to her by one step before he died.

'It was a life that started from ten steps.'

It was the minimum distance to protect Eum with force.

'Nine steps, eight steps, seven steps...'

Eum was different at six steps, and Eum was different at five steps.

Every time he narrowed the distance by one step, his admiration grew, and when he reached three steps, he was able to understand her.

'I will protect you.'

He couldn't imagine what Eum would look like when he reached this step that no man had allowed.

"Let's go in. It's time to take the test of the Ivory Tower."

When Eum turned around, 200 guards including 20 of Sambo bowed their knees together.

"You guys stay here. I'm enough by myself."

Moon Kyung shook his head.

"That can't be. I don't doubt your skills as a princess, but Jessica is a place where hunters are rampant. Don't get caught up in tedious tricks and upset your mind."

Anger filled Eum's eyes.

"Moon Kyung, I'm not a flower that needs to be treated with care. It's my job to overcome vile schemes and men's tricks. How can I be a candidate for the Ivory Tower if I don't?"

Moon Kyung knew that no hunter could match Eum.

According to Jinchun Universe Nation's analysis, there was no one who could beat Eum when the three candidates faced each other individually.

'There is no weakness for those who dominate space. But...'

He just hated it.

It was unbearable and shameful for a mere rogue to have Jinsung Eum in his eyes.

"Please keep at least three steps by your side. Anyway, this is also a competition. We'll take care of trivial things."

Eum was not easily swayed by anyone's words, but he couldn't be harsh to the three steps he recognized himself.

"Fine. Then only the members of Sambo follow me."

Moon Kyung shed tears of gratitude and bowed his head so hard that blood came out of the ground.

"I will serve you with my life!"

Eum looked down at Moon Kyung indifferently, but for a moment there seemed to be a spring breeze in his eyes.

"Let's go. I hope there is La Enemy here."

"It will surely be so. Aren't you the one chosen by heaven?"

"Huhu, such delusional words..."

The princess of Jinchun Empire walked toward the pyramid.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre-World No. 1.

What greeted Shi Rone when he first arrived was the roar of a volcanic eruption that shook heaven and earth.
```
[Translated block]


"Where is this...?"

It was Shirone who entered the door with the number 1 on the panel and unlocked it with the Ultima system.

Oxygen much denser than the existing world.

The forest that could only be seen in the tropics spread out at an enormous height and scale, and burning rocks flew in the sky.

Ahhhhhhhh!

When he lifted his head at the strange sound from the sky, a monster with a body length of over 40 meters quickly moved away.

"Dragon?"

Shirone, who doubted his eyes, made a blank expression, when the face of a dragon with blue scales popped out of the bushes.

"Keeeee..."

He felt a chill down his spine as he looked into the eyes of the reptile, which had no emotion like a machine.

The language was transmitted through the Ultima system.

"A strange human."

The first thing he could tell was that it was a world where humans lived at least.

"Who are you?"

The dragon opened his mouth after a long time of thinking as if it was a very difficult question.

"Why aren't you afraid?"

As far as the dragon knew, humans were so weak that they were afraid of even smaller animals than themselves.

"Where is this?"

Of course, Shirone was also nervous in front of the dragon, but he was a human who came from a world dominated by reason.

"I see. You're from another world. That's why you don't know how strong I am."

Shirone's face turned pale.

"Yes! That's right! What kind of place is this..."

"Die, you insignificant human."

The dragon's mouth opened wide and a breath of fire burned the forest to ashes in an instant.

"Anyway, a weak race..."

The dragon turned away, licking his appetite, and his eyes quickly glanced at something.

Shirone, who had avoided it by teleporting, frowned.

"How..."

Did a human cause a phenomenon change that only dragons could do?

'No, that's not the problem.'

What remained in the dragon's retina as an afterimage was the phenomenon of the human's body turning into light and moving at an incredible speed.

"What are you doing attacking me all of a sudden!"

Shirone's voice rose involuntarily because the power of the breath itself was no different from that of modern dragons.

"That can't be."

The dragon, who could not accept the fact, opened his mouth again and burst into flames.

"This is...!"

Shirone, who couldn't stand it anymore, retaliated with a photon cannon, and a fierce battle ensued for several minutes.

"Kraaaaaang!"

The dragon, who was hit by a homing photon cannon on his side, pushed back and broke the trees.

The creatures in the forest that heard the dragon's scream made a sound like scratching an iron plate with a nail and shook the bushes.

"That can't be!"

He had interacted with countless dragons so far, but he had never heard of being pushed by a human.

It was a completely new idea that was impossible even in imagination.

"That can't be!"

The dragon felt anger for the first time in his life and swung his body toward Shirone at the same time as Angel's Punishment came down.

Kwaaaaang!

"......!"

His mouth opened wide enough to drop his jaw as he was pierced by a spear of light, but he couldn't even make a sound because the shock was too great.

'I'm dying! I'm dying! I'm dying!'

The fear of death caused an earthquake in his pupils, and he felt his muscles paralyzed even as he moved his legs with his will to kill.

"Kraaaaaang! Kraaaaaang!"

Instead of chasing after the dragon fleeing into the forest, Shirone sank into thought with a serious expression.

'Can't he fly in the sky?'

Some dragons in reality had degenerated wings, but they could still fly as much as they wanted through dragon magic.

"The age of dragons."

What Shirone could guess from his learned knowledge was that it was an original planet where dragons ruled the world.

"How far back in time did I come?"

He felt helpless for a moment, but Shirone shook his head and flew into the sky.

Since Rian and Kido were doing their best to protect him, he had to find a way to break the seal as soon as possible.
[Translated block]


'I knew about humans.'

Shirone's shoulder, who looked around for the human tribe, burst into a huge flame of light.

'We need to find water.'

The light wings wrapped around his body and dried up, then pushed the air with a bang and shot Shirone like an arrow.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre-World No. 283.

"It never ends."

The huge green barrier blocking the front did not look like a giant grown plant at all.

It was just a weed that had roots in the ground, and that's why Shirone had shrunk.

Boo-woo-woo-woo!

As the air vibrated with a sound louder than thunder, Shirone quickly lay down on the floor.

Then he stared blankly at the giant hornet that grazed his back and moved away.

'What is this...'

He cut the grass in front of him with a wind cutter, and saw familiar but completely different, the ground of the forest floor stretched out endlessly.

"Space-time prison."

It was not just moving time and space, but enlarging a specific space-time by focusing on it.

"What do you want me to do here?"

He cast a fly magic and landed on the top of the grass blade, but his body was shaking even with a breeze.

"......! ……!"

Shirone, who felt the movement of numerous objects through the spirit zone, immediately activated the Ultima system.

"Enemy detected! Enemy detected!"

"Report coordinates! There! There!"

Shirone, who felt countless signals rushing in like a roar, looked down at the ground and was startled.

"What are those?"

Ants that looked like 10,000 were lined up in rows and gathered around the grass blades.

"Report from allied bees! An unknown insect has invaded our territory! Stop it quickly!"

'...I get it.'

It was a system at the bottom of the caste system that connects from space to nature and from nature to biology.

"Come down! You are surrounded!"

Ants climbed up the grass on all sides and occupied the high ground advantage by sticking out their buttocks.

"Let's shoot our ant hill!"

"Shoot! Shoot!"

Hundreds of acid drops were shot like cannons, and Shirone soared into the sky with an annoyed look.

"Really crazy!"

He looked down at the ants who stubbornly shot ant hills and loaded photon cannons on his palms.

'There's no end anyway.'

No matter how insects they were, it was a miserable feeling to kill tens of thousands of lives.

"Wait a minute! Let's solve it by talking!"

"Shoot! Shoot!"

The Ultima system deciphered the ants' language, but the ants did not detect Shirone's voice.

"Call allied bees! Let's get rid of them with stingers!"

'Is this getting serious?'

If World No. 283 is the lowest system in biology, there is almost no chance of meeting humans.

'I have to find a way to break the seal here.'

I don't know if there is any conversation with ants, but if I fail, I can't guarantee Rian and Kido's lives either.

Shirone landed on the ground and raised his hand.

"Call your representative. So... Yeah! Queen! I want to meet your queen."

The ant hill bombardment stopped.

"Did it work?"

He had a momentary illusion that he saw ants rubbing their antennae and exchanging opinions.

"Get out of the way! I will judge the intruder!"

The sea parted where the ants were bubbling, and a giant soldier ant with sharp upper jaws appeared.

"He appeared! Garnet Colony's best warrior, 13th Night!"

Countless ants sprayed pheromones containing information about 13th night all over the place, making him dizzy.

'The best warrior?'

Shirone nodded his head as he looked at 13th night, who raised his front legs and clattered his jaws.

'Indeed...'

Looking at the energy emanating from his huge body, he was definitely an ant who had mastered lunar magic.
[Translated block]