


"Ugh, he's so stubborn."

As Lupist, who was sitting at the table, grumbled, Jane laughed.

"Why don't you propose now? You were quite disappointed."

Lupist was the one who cursed the kingdom the most when he realized that Shironne had been snatched away to the Ivory Tower.

"If he was a guy who would accept the proposal, I would have done it long ago."

The sight of him tearing up the acceptance letter that came into his hand when the five prestigious magic schools gathered at the association still lingered.

"Rather, it's a good thing. As long as it's not taken away by other countries."

That was the only reason Lupist didn't take action.

Meanwhile, even after the evaluation of No. 28 and No. 29, Shironne could not call the next participant.

Lian and Aria were also lost in the magic demonstration they had seen a while ago.

"This is...."

Lian couldn't even speak, but Shironne nodded as if she had heard.

"It's the magic of a first-class great wizard."

The situation where there was no trace despite the power that shook the building revealed his destructive power and delicacy at the same time.

'Besides, Jane's magic was also great.'

Because it was a specialty evaluation, some magic had to be used directly on the judges, and Shironne realized exactly how far her mental magic had come.

Aria said,

"Let's move on for now. There are still 52 people left."

Shironne, who came to her senses, looked at the door and said,

"Next person, please come in."

After a while, the door opened and a bald man as tall as Lian entered.

"Hello! I'm applicant number 59, Maghart!"

He was 43 years old, had trained in martial arts for 20 years, and was currently living as a mercenary in the martial arts guild. He was a veteran.

There was nothing particularly prominent in the first evaluation, but Shironne passed him because his basics were solid and his strength was his strength.

"Yes. I hope for a good result. Show me your specialty."

Maghart put down the huge backpack on his back and took out a solid brick.

'It's a breaking demonstration.'

Usually, when breaking, a support is set up so that the shock is well transmitted, but he stacked as many as fifteen bricks in a staggered form.

Looking down at the tower of bricks that came up to his waist, Maghart nodded and said,

"I will break this brick in one shot with the most powerful technique in Tiger Martial Arts, Fierce Tiger Strike."

Breaking, the dream of a boy.

Shironne, who had temporarily put aside her duties as a judge, lit up her eyes and nodded.

"Hoo-hoo-hoo!"

While Maghart took a horse-riding posture and swung his hands, there was no sound of breathing, and finally, he shouted with his chin forward.

"Eurachacha!"

He who jumped up and fell down as if falling down hit the tower of bricks with his forehead.

The sound of the stone breaking echoed continuously, and his face went through the broken brick and down to the ground.

"Wow! It's all broken!"

Shironne, who got up from her seat, clapped for Maghart, who was bowing in the dust.

"That's amazing! But are you okay? Your head must hurt."

There was no answer.

"Um... Mr. Maghart?"

When he didn't move at all with his forehead on the ground, Shironne's voice gradually became anxious.

"Mr. Maghart, can you hear my voice?"

Then, Maghart's waist loosened and he spread out on the ground, and his limbs twitched as if they were bouncing.

"It's serious! He seems to have lost consciousness!"

Aria jumped up and shouted at the door.

"Master! Master! We have an emergency patient!"

A Silver Ring guild member entered the construction site and lifted Maghart up and ran out.

The venue was quickly cleared, but Shironne was still staring blankly at the scene of them leaving.

"...What? What happened?"

Lian said, licking his lips.

"He was too nervous. His body was stiffer than usual, so the power was dispersed. He lost consciousness the moment he hit."
[Translated block]


Shirone quietly sat down and said, "Next person, please come in."

There were happenings, but as expected, most of the applicants who passed the first round of evaluation showed satisfactory specialties.

'Hmm, it's ambiguous. I'll have to apply a hold judgment.'

It was a loss to pre-determine pass or fail because it was difficult to set a clear standard.

Number 73 was Arkman, the master of the Silver Ring Guild, and he showed his specialty, the Fire Snake magic, without any reduction.

'Certainly, that magic is convenient.'

It's a magic that greatly benefits from the magic weapon of the Robe of Flame and the Prison of Fire, but it was a real battle, and then the equipment could also be a strength.

'Because I'm wearing Armand.'

The three people who confirmed that the snake of flame landed while twisting its tail sent applause, and Arkman greeted with an awkward face.

It was embarrassing to demonstrate the ability that had already been defeated in the battle, but from Shirone's point of view, it was difficult to find a player of Arkman's level.

'Let's hold on to the pass for now.'

Arkman went out and Yordic, the master of the War Chariot Guild, came in like a baton touch.

Unlike the first round of evaluation, he was equipped with a magic weapon, a large glove with a crystal embedded in the palm like Armand.

"Number 74, Yordic."

He was a candidate, but his attitude of not bowing his head completely to anyone was still the same.

"Yes. Please show your specialty."

Yordic introduced his equipment first.

"It's a magic weapon called Ice Glove. Combined with my ice magic, I can do various things. For example......"

When Yordic held out his palm, the crystal emitted a blue light and froze the atmosphere in an instant.

"Absorb energy."

Then, when he clenched his fist, the ice rippled like a stream of water and turned into a whip with sharp thorns.

"Cut the neck of those who rush like this."

When he swung his arm, the ice whip hit the wind and returned to Yordic after hitting in front of Shirone.

'Ah, the shape is not fixed.'

The ice series has excellent molding power, but the disadvantage is low fluidity.

However, in the state of wearing an Ice Glove, it was possible to absorb energy in real time, so even hard ice could be used like a whip.

"Well... should I just do this? It's hard to show the real skill that kills people here."

Yordic raised the corner of his mouth coldly, expecting Shirone's reaction, but Shirone's gaze was already stuck on the document.

"You've worked hard. The pass or fail will be notified individually."

"......"

Yordic, who was standing awkwardly for a moment, turned around with a sour taste as Aria called the next person.

'Tsk, anyway, these days.'

The next turn, number 75, was Evian, the master of the Blood Rose Guild.

Putting aside the skill for now, the outfit that clearly paid attention to the other side was revealed.

"Hello, I'm applicant number 75, Evian."

She, who spread her skirt with her fingertips and spread it left and right, greeted her with one leg out.

"Yes, hello. You look pretty today."

"Oh my, do I really look like that? That's strange, I just came out as usual. Ho ho ho!"

As Evian laughed exaggeratedly, her chest shook up and down, and Shirone returned to her original form.

"Shall we start then?"

Evian, who achieved the effect of the first impression, also stopped laughing and showed her specialty.

"Magnetic Control."

Evian's major was electric magic, especially the magnetic field series, and she was excellent at controlling metal.

When she threw the black iron sphere 'Eye of the Golden Dragon', it disintegrated into iron powder in the air and revealed the shape of her magnetic field around her.

"Hooh."

As Shirone looked at the iron powder flowing like the Milky Way with an interesting expression, Evian, who gained confidence, sent a rose shaped with iron powder in front of Shirone.

The rose floating in front of her eyes was as delicate as a real one, except for the black color, and when she slowly reached out to hold it, it disintegrated into smoke and returned to Evian.
[Translated block]


"Cool."

"I specialize in sculpture, but I hope you don't underestimate my power. When focused, I can overcome gravity up to 200 kilograms."

It was the power to move dozens of long swords at the same time.

'This magic will be useful. Let's put Mr. Evian on the pass line.'

From Rufist, Jane, Arkman, Yordic, to Evian.

If this is the lineup from the beginning, it can be seen that the backbone is being established.

The number jumped and it was Etela's turn at 121, and what she prepared for the evaluation was a defeat like Maghart.

'Well, there's not much more impactful than this.'

It was a sign of respect for the judges to receive an evaluation by mobilizing even the prepared items, although he was a skilled person who could compete with Satan in heaven.

"I will demonstrate the secret technique of Yin and Yang Wave Fist."

"Yes, please."

Shirone, who was polite to the school teacher, and Lian, who still had the creepiness of the first evaluation, watched carefully.

What she took out of her bag was an iron ball the size of a person's face, and when she dropped it from eye level to check its solidity, it stuck to the floor with a thud.

"Break the iron...?"

In the midst of Aria's disbelief, Etela bent her waist and aimed her fist.

"Hoooooo."

The breath was only for a moment, and Etela's fist hit the iron ball at a tremendous speed.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

An unbelievable sound erupted one after another, and as many waves as the number of sounds rushed into the iron ball.

'Kang Lei Zhang!'

Etela, who spread her palm wide, pushed in the last wave.

Then, the shaking iron ball shattered as if it had exploded.

"Wow!"

Shirone spat out a sigh of admiration at the cool skill she saw anytime.

It was unbelievable that she had done it with a human body that could not be broken even with a decent magic.

Etela, who sat down on the floor and cleaned up the fragments, took her stance again and raised a polite greeting.

"I look forward to working with you."

When Etela, who smiled during the ceremony, left the public square, Shirone looked back at Lian.

"How about it? Pass?"

"Huh? Oh, of course."

There was no room for objection to the skill, and the reason why Lian couldn't evaluate it at once was because of his own problem.

During the knight's performance, only winning was important, but when he thought about how much technical depth the candidates had achieved today, he felt uncomfortable.

Whether Shirone knew such feelings or not, she called the next participant.

"Please come in, number 147."

After calling, Shirone realized and checked the documents.

'Ah, it was this person.'

Gale of Wig.

He, who had a pair of swords mounted in eleven characters behind his left shoulder, came in with a bright smile.

"Hello. I'm number 147. People who know me also call me Gale of Wig."

"Hmm."

Lian closed his mouth tightly and crossed his arms.

Wig, who has been sending a provocative atmosphere since the first evaluation.

"So, show us your specialty. It's a pair of swordsmanship, right?"

"Well, honestly, weapons are not important. I just fight with whatever I get my hands on. What's really important is...."

Wig, who drew a pair of swords over his shoulder at the same time, squinted one eye and aimed at Lian.

"Isn't it who can win?"

Lian asked without changing his expression.

"So... who can you win?"

He was a character who didn't know how to retreat, and Wig made a proposal as if he had been waiting.

"You. I challenge you to a real sword fight, Knight of Maha."
[Translated block]