


[532] Under Coder (3)

Lian, Fermi, and Marcia followed the back of the maze across the curtain of sunset.

Blue lines were running vertically in a dark space like the night sky, and star-like glows were falling along the line.

"I don't feel like I'm falling?"

"Strictly speaking, it's information being transmitted. Gravity doesn't matter."

Lian walked to where the maze was.

"Is this &lt;Under Coder&gt;?"

"You can call it the entrance. Because we left Dreamo, our information is classified as a minority conception. When the effect of Dream Star wears off, we will also decompose."

"Isn't that dangerous?"

"No. Because your avatar is intact. There is no chance of combining with other information, so you will go down in perfect condition."

"Arius?"

Speaking of which, he didn't see a dog with blue fur.

"He's not an avatar. He's an illusion that appeared through our mental channel. It seems that his mind didn't reach here."

Miro shrugged it off.

"It doesn't matter. He'll find a way to contact us. If not, there's nothing we can do."

As the effect of Dream Star disappeared, the four people's bodies began to decompose into sparkling particles.

At the point where the decomposition started from the limbs and passed through the lower and upper body, leaving only the face, Fermi said.

"See you in the middle layer."

"What does that mean..."

Before Marcia's words were over, everyone's body was decomposed into dust of light and went down along &lt;Under Coder&gt;.

"Ow, my head."

As Miro regained consciousness with a frown, Lian, Fermi, and Marcia also had no different expressions.

"What does it mean by the middle layer?"

Fermi looked around and said.

"This is it."

In a square room of about 100 square meters, hundreds of mirrors were hanging.

"This is the midpoint of &lt;Under Coder&gt;, a virtual space created by humans. It creates a small world by recycling discarded junk information from Dreamo. If you are a human with an intact avatar, you will all pass through a filter and arrive here."

In front of the human footprints stamped on &lt;Under Coder&gt;, Marcia realized anew how crazy humans are for exploration.

"Then what are these mirrors?"

"They are passages that connect to virtual worlds created by designers. They are called links. The mirrors are their set communication protocols."

"Hmm, they are connected to different virtual worlds? What kind of worlds are there?"

Fermi cast depreciation trade.

A chip with four horizontal lines and four vertical lines of flashes intertwined like a honeycomb went down his throat.

"Information magic information. It decodes the protocol of the middle layer into real information."

When he spread out his spirit zone, the names of virtual worlds and designer codenames appeared on the surface of the mirror in real language.

"Here, at the entrance of the middle layer, links to the most popular virtual worlds are installed. I'll list some of them, so pick one that suits your taste."

Fermi listed the names of the worlds and designer codenames.

Human taste-ID: Fighting Pig

A love story between a dog and a person-ID: Animal Lover

It's okay if you don't have arms or legs-ID: Only head left

"Stop!"

Marcia reached out as if there was no more value to read.

It seemed trivial, but when he listened carefully to the names of the worlds, he recalled things that could never be tolerated in reality.

‘They eat human flesh, have sex with animals, or cut off their bodies.’

What was even more outrageous was the codename associated with the name of the world, which clearly showed no guilt at all.

"A feast of all kinds of minority conceptions. If you go into that world, can you actually try it?"

"Some people just watch and some people actually play. The ratio is about 5 to 5."

"Of course it's not free?"
[Translated block]


```text
Fermi laughed at Marsha's words.

The thought that he had created such a world in exchange for a reward was telling him that Marsha was sane.

"Unfortunately, 80% of the content is free. Most of the designers are just crazy people who have no regrets in the real world. If you use paid content, you can pay with Dream Star. All they need is Dream Star, and they can exchange it for currency in reality."

Miro said.

"I roughly understood. Then where do we go?"

"Whatever link you take, the information will continue to fall. No matter where you choose, the final destination is ultimately The Abyss."

"Then let's go there."

When Miro pointed to a large mirror, Fermi looked at what kind of world it was through information magic.

The dead have no words-ID: Muddy corpse

It was a world where you could play with corpses, and Fermi decided that this was enough for beginners.

"Moving by linking is simple. It's the principle of the back world. Just put your palm on the mirror like this...."

Fermi's figure disappeared.

"Hmm, it's definitely simple."

Next, when Miro put his palm on it, his reality and his reflection in the mirror were reversed, and the scenery changed drastically.

As if the reflection in the mirror had been his real self from the beginning, Miro realized what the principle of the back world was.

"It's convenient. With this, I can send information as a whole."

Fermi, who had been waiting, shrugged his shoulders.

"That's it."

Soon after Lian and Marsha arrived, the party began to descend into the world of the middle layer.

The virtual worlds built by humans varied in size and composition and environment, but they all had one thing in common: terrible things were happening that were hard to see with your eyes.

The horrible screams, disgusting acts, and expressions of people who were crazy about pleasure or pain were no longer human.

By the time they arrived at the fortieth world by linking, Marsha, who was an irregular eater, was also mentally exhausted.

Miro, who was indifferent, could endure it as much as he wanted, but it was unexpected that Fermi would even hum a song and enjoy it.

Miro glanced at Fermi and asked.

"You seem quite familiar with this place. How often did you use <Under Coder>?"

"I don't come these days. When I was twelve years old, I lived completely addicted to it, but these days I don't get interested."

'Twelve years old...'

He met his nephew after 20 years, but Miro was sure that Fermi was not a normal human being.

Fermi continued to speak without caring about the terrible screams.

"I used to be a designer here too. The name of the world was Revenge is Mine. It was a virtual world where you could create your hated target and take revenge as much as you wanted. There my aunt also suffered a lot of bullying from me."

It would be creepy to walk with someone who tortured and killed someone who looked exactly like you in virtual reality.

But Miro laughed instead.

"Hohoho! You must have been popular!"

"No. In the beginning, I was ranked within 1,000th in popularity in the middle layer, but as time went by, guests decreased. If new information is not updated, you can't survive in the middle layer, so eventually the world I created sank into The Abyss."

"Hmm, that's unfortunate."

"I was hurt at that time. I wondered how I could attract attention. Then I realized one thing. Was I having fun torturing and killing my aunt? When I thought about it, it wasn't. What do you think is the reason?"

Miro pondered with his chin on his finger.

"Hmm, well. Because it's not real?"

"No."

Fermi stopped walking and looked back at Miro.

"Because I 'know' it's not real."

Only those who are trapped are real.

As soon as the lid opens, all concepts jump out and change into new meanings.
```
[Translated block]
Fermi shook his head and smiled bitterly.

"Of course not. I'm just worried about you guys. You know how dangerous The Abyss is, right? It's not like <Under Coder> where you can just log out or reset if something goes wrong."

He looked at Miro with sincere eyes.

"Miro, are you sure you want to do this? You're risking your life for someone who might not even remember you. Is it worth it?"

Miro nodded without hesitation.

"It is. Shiro is my friend. He saved
[Translated block]


"No way."

Fermi smiled bitterly and touched the mirror.

He had thought about it, but he didn't think he could get revenge on Miro, who had thrown him into the Abyss, to that extent.

'I'll do it step by step.'

As Fermi entered the Abyss, Miro looked at his reflection in the mirror and smiled.

"It's okay. Because you're there."

Leaving behind words that others couldn't understand, Miro took his first step towards the endless hell.
[Translated block]