


[377] Volume 16 - One Step Further (2)

Shirone lowered his gaze to the evaluation sheet. The master difficulty of numerous items was lined up below.

'I was an amateur.'

He thought he had reached the level of a pro in some aspects after experiencing real battles. He also saw clear effects.

But that wasn't the problem.

Things like photon cannons being faster and stronger than other branches, or who beats whom, or not being able to imitate Ataraxia.

The association was conveying through the evaluation sheet.

If you can't do this much, you're just an amateur who got lucky with a special battery.

-Your balance is messed up.

He seemed to hear Flue's voice.

The chief graduate of the Royal Magic School and a certified 8th grade joiner.

Among the countless 8th grade magicians in the world, Flue was a magician in a special position.

She was a person with a lot of affection, but when it came to magic, she didn't spare harsh words with a cold standard.

He felt like he knew what kind of eyes she looked at him when they first met.

Unless he conquered all 20 items on the evaluation sheet, he would have been an amateur in her eyes.

'Senior, I miss you strangely today.'

He imagined Flue shivering and gasping, and a smile formed on his lips.

"Have you made up your mind? Whatever you choose, follow your judgment."

If he changed his major, the difficulty would be acceptable.

He learned all the basic batteries, so depending on his efforts, he might be able to get more points easily.

But Shirone, who had already experienced the world after graduation from the Magic Association, realized that it was meaningless anyway.

"I'll do this. God's particle. Please register it as a major."

Colly didn't forget to ask again.

"Are you sure? Once you enter the evaluation, you can't go back."

"Yes, I'm fine. Even if I don't get a high score, I won't regret it."

No regrets.

This is my magic and my life.

"Okay. Then register it like that. Good luck."

"Yes. I'll do my best."

Shirone politely greeted and left Colly's room.

Iruki and Nade were waiting in the hallway.

Iruki, who ranked 22nd in the graduation class, had just finished his interview and Nade was 30th so he had to wait longer.

Nade asked with an anxious expression.

"How is it? Do you think you can do it?"

A bitter smile spoke for a hundred words.

Iruki, who sympathized with him as a fellow sufferer, swung his evaluation sheet several times as if he had given up and said.

"The master difficulty of the explosive power item is 50 kilobusters in 20 seconds. In other words, blow up one fruit shop every 20 seconds."

Nade didn't feel like it was someone else's business.

Shirone is an unlocker so let's say that, but as difficult as explosive magic was his major electric magic.

"Those association guys, are they crazy? Do they think that's possible at a student level?"

Shirone felt the same way.

"Maybe they are. But it's not their fault since there's no distinction if anyone passes. There's definitely a big difference between 9th grade and master difficulty. If it's 9 points, I might be able to match it. By the way, Shirone, you're surprisingly calm? Are you confident?"

Shirone shook his head.

"No. Absolutely not confident. But, it's something I have to do."

Iruki and Nade agreed in silence.

It was something Shirone had to do.

Does it make sense that he aimed for the best magician while not even mastering his major?

'Of course I won't do it.'

Nade thought only to himself.

Entering Competitive System (1)

The morning of starting the official schedule of the graduation class dawned.

The first evaluation of week one is interpersonal combat, where 30 students are divided into 15 groups and compete with each other.

The place is Training Ground 2 behind the graduation class building, where a huge 120 square meter thousand battle arena is prepared.
[Translated block]


The graduating class gathered in the training ground by class and waited in line for the instructor of the interpersonal combat evaluation.

Shirone stood between Nade and Iruki.

There was occasional conversation between the same class, but overall it was still awkward.

The instructor came up on time.

He was a teacher in his mid-50s with white hair and sharp eyes.

He was also famous for not saying anything other than the evaluation.

"The interpersonal combat evaluation begins today. Class 2 already knows, but I'll go over it briefly for Class 3. According to the Kingdom Education Law, the sync rate for this year is 80 percent. Of course, there's no need to say that it's 100 percent for the graduation exam."

Even at 80 percent, they couldn't relax.

Considering the superhuman abilities of magic, even if it was 80 percent of the power, it was not a level that could withstand a direct hit.

Shirone had also fought Dante with a 50 percent sync rate, but hadn't he fought a fierce battle that felt almost like a simulation?

"No weapons can be carried. However, only embodied weapons are allowed."

The students of Class 3 tilted their heads, and as expected, the model student Boil raised his hand.

"I have a question. What is the criterion for embodiment?"

"The clear criterion is deprivation. Weapons that cannot be deprived are considered embodied. Also, even if deprivation is possible, if there is a possibility of damage to body functions, the association recognizes it as embodiment."

If the teacher's words were true, Shirone could not use Armand.

On the other hand, Canis could fight with Habist. Because it was impossible to deprive.

Another person who came to Shirone's mind was Richard of Fermi Peggery.

As his nickname of Alchemy Richard suggests, he modified 35 percent of his body with alchemy techniques. Of course, the device can be detached, but because the body cannot function normally when detached, it is classified as embodiment.

If he cut off his right arm and connected Armand there, he could use Geumgangmu in the graduation exam, but Shirone had no intention of doing such a thing.

Some of Class 3 had unpleasant expressions.

They knew they couldn't do such crazy things themselves, but they felt like they were losing out when others modified their bodies.

Boil looked at Canis next to him and said.

"You're lucky, you're through."

It was natural for Boil to be annoyed. To him, who had to use slots for summoning magic, Canis, who could handle magic creatures without being bound by slots, was an object of envy.

'Don't worry. You're enough without Habist.'

Canis didn't even answer back.

There was no student who didn't know Habist's existence after making such a fuss with the arcane incident.

But the only people who knew the true face of the magic creature were Shirone and Amy at best.

It's better to save the decisive blow as much as possible.

Unless it's a critical situation, Habist won't have a chance to play an active role.

Of course, Canis also had no intention of entrusting his future entirely to magic creatures.

'I'll win this time, Shirone. It's a mistake to think that Habist is the end.'

When the question was over, the teacher proceeded with the evaluation.

"Then we will start interpersonal combat according to the order. The combat time is 10 minutes. Wear a two-thousand bracelet and wait for your turn."

Except for the evaluation group and the standby group, they were free to roam anywhere in the training ground.

It was a different atmosphere from the advanced class lesson that emphasized discipline and principles.

Shirone sat down with his friends in a place where he could see the training ground well. And he opened his schedule and said.

"My opponent today is Dorothy. Iruki, who are you?"

"Huh? Oh, it was some guy named Binder."

Shirone turned his head to the opposite side of the two-thousand training ground and looked at Binder who was doing a permutation test.

He belonged to Class 2 and saw him at the graduation ceremony last year, but he wasn't a student who remembered much.

He had light brown hair and glasses and had sparse beard on his nose and chin.

He didn't stand out much in last year's graduation exam either, so Iruki didn't doubt his victory either.
[Translated block]


"What, should I call this a 3-point reservation?"

"But don't be complacent. We haven't played a single game yet. It can change once we get in."

"That's taking into account. By my calculation, there's no way a variable can come out of them."

Shirone was worried about Iruki's confident appearance.

As Fludo said, it was foolish to imagine the outcome beforehand, and the battle was not decided by numbers alone.

'Well, I can't imagine Iruki being nervous either.'

Anyway, today's main match was neither Shirone nor Iruki.

"By the way, Nade, are you okay?"

Nade shrugged when Shirone asked.

"Well, I'll try it for now."

His opponent today was none other than Fermi.

He failed the graduation exam, but he always ranked first in the final evaluation, a mysterious student.

When he first heard about Fermi, he could only do a vague analysis, but now that he knew what the ranking meant in the graduation class, Shirone couldn't help but worry.

The other students seemed to think the same way and kept an eye on Fermi's attitude.

Then Fermi, who felt the gaze, turned his head toward them. And he smiled and waved at Nade, his opponent today.

"Is that kid provoking me?"

"No, it looks like he just said hello?"

Nade looked at Shirone with a face that seemed to eat him.

"That's provocation! When did that kid know me and pretend to know me? Watch carefully. Today I'm going to rip that guy's skills apart."

Shirone looked at the training ground where the evaluation was held and realized that it was his turn and got up from his seat.

"Anyway, I got it. I have to get ready."

As soon as he entered the 2000 training ground, Dorothy came up dragging a tin doll.

A loud noise rang from the tin doll scraping the floor every time she moved.

Dorothy came up to Shirone's nose. Her face was small and her glasses were big, as if she had come out wearing a mask of a masquerade.

Her expressionless face and disheveled eyes were also major shields that made it impossible to read her emotions.

'What should I do? Should I say hello?'

The waiting process for interpersonal combat was the same as in the 2000 match of the advanced class.

After checking the 2000 bracelet in the center of the training ground, they returned to their seats and a 10-minute timer turned on and 2000 was activated.

There was no need to say hello, so turning away coldly was also a kind of psychological warfare.

But it wasn't good to lose humanity in the first week of evaluation when Pia identification wasn't done properly yet.

Besides, it didn't suit Shirone's personality either.

"Nice to meet you. It's an important evaluation for both of us, so let's fight hard."

"Do you want to draw?"

Shirone immediately asked back at Dorothy's sudden suggestion.

"Huh? What?"

"Let's draw. Then I'll do one thing you want."

His face flushed before the meaning of his words could be analyzed. It might not be a big deal, but it's different for a girl.

"What are you talking about?"

"Just as I said. I'll do whatever you want. You think it's a disadvantageous strategy to show your skills from the beginning anyway. So let's split one point each."

He had no intention of joining forces, but it was important to weigh the pros and cons of any proposal, so Shirone thought about it.

Her suggestion definitely had room for useful use. It could create variables when it mattered.

'If she really listens to my condition.'

If they draw, they each get one point. He didn't know if the value of two points he had to give up assuming victory was included in the proposal.

He wanted to win as much as possible in the first match.

If you start well, you can have confidence in future evaluations and realistically advantageous in ranking competition.

"No, I'll refuse. I want to compete fairly. So do your best too."

Dorothy still didn't show any emotion. Then he nodded his head as if he agreed and turned his body around.
[Translated block]


"Then there's nothing I can do. Let's work hard."

Shirone stared blankly at Dorothy's back as she dragged her tin doll back to her seat.

If it was a psychological war, she would have been eaten alive.

She was really very upset.

'Pull yourself together. It's like nothing happened. Just fight as you always did.'

As Shirone arrived at the standby place, the lights on the two thousand scoreboard changed from green, yellow, to red, signaling the operation.

Shirone waited in a slightly bent position with her knees bent so that she could switch between offense and defense quickly.

A beep sounded and the light came on in the two thousand bracelet.

Dorothy was still holding the tin doll in her arms and not moving.

Shirone equipped the teleportation battery and raised her omnipotence while leaning her body forward.

'I'm going for the attack!'

At the same time, Dorothy turned her body sharply and said.

"I lost."

Shirone hastily canceled her magic and her center of gravity spilled forward.

She barely managed to avoid falling and looked ahead, but Dorothy was already leaving the training ground.
[Translated block]