


[579] Probability of R (2)

'Damn it! The shock penetrated. It feels like my bones are crumbling.'

Despite the thickest ice wall possible, everything was blown away.

"Ku...!"

Pring's shoulder twitched.

"Hahaha! That's it! You're angry, right? So you released the hidden power, right?"

"I haven't even opened the Immortal Function yet."

The laughter stopped and a cold murderous intent appeared in Pring's eyes.

"Do you know why I was able to suppress you even though I didn't? Because a day has passed."

"A day?"

The power of a day is great.

"I've already experienced your abilities. That's why I was able to prepare a countermeasure."

Shirone blinked and said.

"I am different today than I was yesterday."

"Ah, I see."

Pring brushed off the ice on his arm.

"In other words, it's a famous saying. Then I have no choice but to counter with a famous saying."

And he immediately spread his limbs and shouted.

"I am different tomorrow than I am today!"

'What the hell, you're like a psycho.'

The moment Shirone jumped out, Pring cast a spell with a grotesque grin.

Ice Wave!

A photon cannon broke through the incoming wave of ice like a tide.

'The Immortal Function. The power is definitely different.'

As he soared into the sky, Shirone, who had activated the Instantaneous Explosion, tied his whole body with a Shining Chain.

Ice Wall.

When the ice stuck and trapped the light, Pring exerted his strength and broke the chain.

"Slow."

Pring's eyes bulged at the sound of Shirone's voice from behind.

"Yaaa!"

Ice Demon.

Dozens of icicles popped out from behind with a squeaky sound, but Shirone was already in front of him.

"I told you it's slow, right?"

'Shit...!'

A curse flashed through Pring's mind.

'You're fast...'

As the Shining Chain wrapped around, Pring's body spun dozens of rounds in an instant.

"Ugh!"

With the blood rushing to his head and the feeling of his head about to explode, Pring's Spirit Zone disappeared.

The basics of a Grand Mage are the head, which was also learned from Kaiden.

As Shirone swung the Shining Chain with all his might, Pring's body fell vertically.

Two overlapping light explosions implemented by Instant Division were pounding at the crash site.

'Ice Armor...!'

The moment of the end, the strong mental power of Pring covered the whole body with ice armor.

But even that shattered into pieces in the storm of mass as soon as it was caught in the light explosion.

"Ugh!"

Pring, who was flying around between the exploding spheres, bounced off and rolled on the ground.

Although it wasn't enough to break the whole bone, all ten fingers, which are weak joints, were all grotesquely bent.

"Kuuuu!"

Shirone walked towards Pring, who was propping up the floor with his elbow.

"Give me the Master Card."

"......"

Giving the Master Card was not a big problem, but the situation of being released as Shirone wanted was more hateful than death.

"It's in my panties. If you can get it, try it."

"I will."

As Shirone walked, Pring said something out of the blue.

"You've been using magic since you were four."

There was no answer.

"Why did you stick to the path of a genius ice mage beyond Overflow? Shall I tell you the reason?"

A photon cannon was mounted on Shirone's hand.

"It's for this moment!"

Pring, who shouted with his jaw dropped, shot the fire magic Fire Flame towards the repair factory.

"Crazy...!"

Shirone, who quickly distanced himself, took Sabina, who had not yet recovered, and flew into the sky.

Boom!

The repair factory exploded with a roar.

"Hahaha! Try to kill me, Shirone!"

Pring, whose fingers were all broken, limped into the flames.

'He's out of his mind.'

Even if it's a research meeting in the dark, destroying the factory without hesitation means there's no student or anything.

"Ugh!"

As Shirone swung the Shining Chain with all his might, Pring's body fell vertically.

Two overlapping light explosions implemented by Instant Division were pounding at the crash site.

'Ice Armor...!'

The moment of the end, the strong mental power of Pring covered the whole body with ice armor.

But even that shattered into pieces in the storm of mass as soon as it was caught in the light explosion.

"Ugh!"

Pring, who was flying around between the exploding spheres, bounced off and rolled on the ground.

Although it wasn't enough to break the whole bone, all ten fingers, which are weak joints, were all grotesquely bent.

"Kuuuu!"

Shirone walked towards Pring, who was propping up the floor with his elbow.

"Give me the Master Card."

"......"

Giving the Master Card was not a big problem, but the situation of being released as Shirone wanted was more hateful than death.

"It's in my panties. If you can get it, try it."

"I will."

As Shirone walked, Pring said something out of the blue.

"You've been using magic since you were four."

There was no answer.

"Why did you stick to the path of a genius ice mage beyond Overflow? Shall I tell you the reason?"

A photon cannon was mounted on Shirone's hand.

"It's for this moment!"

Pring, who shouted with his jaw dropped, shot the fire magic Fire Flame towards the repair factory.

"Crazy...!"

Shirone, who quickly distanced himself, took Sabina, who had not yet recovered, and flew into the sky.

Boom!

The repair factory exploded with a roar.

"Hahaha! Try to kill me, Shirone!"

Pring, whose fingers were all broken, limped into the flames.

'He's out of his mind.'

Even if it's a research meeting in the dark, destroying the factory without hesitation means there's no student or anything.
[Translated block]
"What should we do? Are we all going to be expelled at this rate?"

Sabina asked, looking at the factory that was exploding in a chain.

"It'll be okay, probably."

Not because it was a problem that could be remedied.

As long as the world's attention was focused, the faculty would somehow process today's events as an accident.

"Let's go back. It's assembly time."

The 5-day scramble royal ended.

* * *

The Shirone team gathered at the hideout waited for Nade until an hour past midnight.

"He's not coming."

Iruki said.

"And he won't come. Because he's not the type to miss an assembly without even complaining."

Shirone asked with a worried expression.

"Do we have to look for him? He might have been injured, right?"

Sabina glanced at Iruki.

'As expected... Iruki knows.'

How many people in the graduating class could hurt Nade?

Even so, he was not a fool who couldn't even send a distress signal.

'Nade's last active location was...'

Iruki groped for the memory of the coordinates.

'It's closest to the inspection.'

That fact was the reason why he expected Nade's absence to be due to his own judgment.

'The implementation of the inspection's mind. It's definitely Nade's natural enemy.'

Iruki, who had come to that conclusion, said.

"Let's wait until tomorrow morning. For now, let's review among ourselves without Nade."

As soon as Iruki's words ended, Amy brought up the core.

"Eden completed Infinity today."

There was a moment of silence.

"I also collided with Eden in the third stage. But..."

Shirone shook his head with a bored expression.

Iruki, who had blown up the mountain top with nuclear fusion, knew better than anyone what kind of feeling it was.

"We need a stronger force. Either increase the explosive reaction or..."

Iruki looked back at Shirone.

"How about Ataraxia? You've dealt with it, so you should have a rough idea, right?"

If the allied team is indiscriminate, Shirone also had to accept it.

"I'll try. I'll decide the game tomorrow."

"How long does it take to accumulate?"

"If I do my best, it's in the late 10 seconds."

The friends' mouths gaped open.

'It's gotten incredibly fast.'

Ataraxia, which took over a minute a year ago.

"There are 2 days left. We have to find a way to break Eden's infinity within that time."

"There is one advantage."

Amy said.

"Eden can no longer hang Kang. Because... he's all naked."

-You can't hang Kang without a master card.

Dorothy said.

"Where did he hide it? If I was a search system, I could have found it."

"Anyway, it's a strategy that he calculated and decided. On the other hand, Hickory can save Scramble like Pisho."

Shirone said.

"If Eden can't hang Kang, we can bomb as much as we want without worrying about Pao."

"In a way, that's how confident he is."

Confidence in invincibility.

The attack power is zero for life.

Although he couldn't protect his allies or reverse the war, it was an absolute ability in this game.

"Even if Eden can't hang Kang, the Scramble Royal will end in 2 days. We should also match Infinity in case Shirone can't break the shield."

There was a point in Dorothy's words.

"Let's save Scramble from tomorrow. Collect 6 and complete Infinity at once."

"What about the enemies?"

"It's up to Dorothy."

When Iruki looked back, Dorothy smiled.

'It seems that the trauma has been overcome.'

Shirone said.

"If I'm going to deal with Eden, I need to have Infinity. Just in case Eden gives up defense and can hang Kang. If you collect Scramble, let's open my hand first."

Since Shirone currently collected six, he had to open his hand to get Infinity.
[Translated block]
"That's also a problem. There's no higher hand in our team than Shiro's extinction (●○●●○●). In the end, we have to create one more infinity...."

When Iruki stopped talking, everyone turned to look at him.

"What's wrong? Is there a problem?"

"Just a moment."

Iruki's pupils shook as fast as his thoughts.

"Shiro, I'm talking about Shibu's explosion. Tell me all the results that have come out so far from opening the random. I can't know the results that came out by turning back time."

"Got it. So.... on the first day, I tried to create a three-party meeting with a random card...."

"Just tell me the result."

Shiro recalled her memory and recited in order.

"Black, white, white, black...."

Since she had turned until the strongest hand came out with Shibu's explosion, Shiro had opened many more times than anyone else.

At that point, Iruki calculated all the hands that the five team members and six alliance teams had combined and broken in five days.

"It's different indeed. The probability is different."

"What do you mean? Probability...."

Iruki muttered with his hand outstretched.

"Wait. Huh? That's strange? It shouldn't be like this."

He went back to the beginning and finally found and corrected the error.

"I see. It resets every 24 hours. This fits."

"What are you talking about? You have to explain for us to understand."

Iruki raised his head and said,

"This is a real card game."

"....You must have realized it by now."

At Hershey's words, Pisho asked,

"How can you be sure? No matter how fast your calculations are, paying attention is a different matter."

"Moving the servant is not intuition. If ordinary people act on the thought of wanting to do this, the servant makes all possible actions and makes the best choice. It lives the whole moment by moment. Of course, it's inefficient, but the speed of thought is so fast that it's indistinguishable from ordinary people. If it's the fifth day, it will extract meaningful data from the hands so far."

"Are you going to manipulate the probability from tomorrow?"

Hershey raised his index finger.

"There are 72 scrambles summoned in a day. And the number of black and white is exactly half, that is, 36 each. In other words, think of it as flipping a card with seventy-two."

Anchal asked,

"Is it possible to count even if it's random?"

"That's right. It's the same as a real card game. There are thirty-six black and white cards, and someone has black and someone has white. The probability changes depending on the number. To give an easy example, what happens if you open a random card when thirty-six black cards have already been revealed?"

"White will come out. Because there are no more black cards to come out."

"Correct. Just knowing this can lead the game advantageously. Like me."

"....You've been playing the game with that in mind."

Iruki finished his words.

"Otherwise, it's impossible to explain why Hershey has been preempting advantageous hands. Sona's search ability and probability manipulation. This is why he has been holding the initiative in the game."

Shiro asked,

"But even so, there are times when you have to open a random card inevitably. It could be a full house, and you can't keep the initiative that easily, right?"

"Another rule is revealed here."

Iruki flipped his palm.

"The hand that was broken, that is, the card that lost in Kang, is not discarded, but returns to the random state. In other words, it's a shuffle."

"....That's the way it is."

At Hershey's words, Pisho raised both thumbs.

"Assuming there are twenty cards in total and Anchal has six black cards and Pisho has six white cards. In this state, if someone opens a random card, the probability of black and white is exactly 50 percent. But here, if Pisho puts Kang and breaks Anchal's hand, what happens?"

"My six black cards will be shuffled again."

"That's right. Because the number of black cards in the random state cards is relatively higher than the white ones, the probability of black coming out increases."
[Translated block]
"That's exactly what counting is."

Hershey nodded.

"Also, the cards you held the day before are irrelevant to today's probability. So you're moving the odds by either winning by calling Kang, or deliberately breaking your ally's hand."

"Two assumptions are made here."

Iruki said.

"If Hershey realized this rule on his own, he would never know what I know now. Because it's a probability calculated through Shibulsangpokmae. But if he received information from someone, I can't guarantee."

"What do you know?"

Iruki and Hershey said at the same time.

"The probability of R is divided into two types."

Iruki pointed to Shiro.

"The reason I was confused when I first calculated it was because Shiro had a probability that was far from the average in a situation where he turned a random card about five times in a row with Shibulsangpokmae. Then I thought of it. At that time, Shiro deliberately did not receive Kang."

"Yeah. I could have won from Kang, but I deliberately didn't. I was trying to break it and reassemble the combination."

"That was the variable. Then, based on this, you can find out that there is another hidden rule."

"A hidden rule?"

"Cards that are broken in a Kang duel are shuffled, but cards that are broken due to time over are not shuffled. In other words, it is discarded."
[Translated block]