


[335] A Winter Night (6)

4 a.m.

The true nature of the Ice Queen.

A brown bottle smashed against the wall.

"Come out, you bastards! Come at me!"

Jokre shouted drunkenly. His pupils were fully dilated and his steps were wobbly.

Rudvans and Vivian supported him from both sides.

"Jokre, stop it. What are you going to do if you get caught? You're not supposed to come in here at this time."

His gloomy mood turned into anger through the alcohol.

Jokre needed someone to fight with, and his rebellious spirit against the world eventually led him to cross the forbidden area.

"Haha! Who dares to touch me? I'm a mage! A certified mage! Come on! I'll blow away the guards with one spell!"

Jokre shook off his friends.

Vivian and Rudvans couldn't stop him. They were also drunk and dizzy.

Rudvans, who had no alcohol in his system, grabbed Jokre again and led him into the true nature.

"It's cold. Let's go inside. If you keep shouting here, we'll be in big trouble."

"Alcohol! Rudvans! Let's drink! Let's drink to our hearts' content!"

"Fine. But be quiet and follow me."

The hall was deserted after the people left.

The pieces that he had passed by without a second thought during the day looked like they had life and emitted a creepy feeling.

The Ice Queen's figure, illuminated by the cold moonlight through the window, was especially eerie.

Vivian brushed her shoulder and said.

"Some light magic, please."

Jokre was not in a state of mind to cast magic, so Rudvans and Vivian cast light magic.

But they were also drunk, so they had to go through several trials and errors before they could succeed.

With a bang, two lights rose to the ceiling and the hall brightened up in an instant.

Jokre climbed up the slippery ice stairs as if he was possessed.

He entered the corridor on the 1.5th floor and picked a fight with the wax doll of the Ice Queen trapped in a huge ice block.

"Hey, Ice Queen? Are you asleep? Want to drink with me?"

There was no answer.

"Haha! See? The legendary mage is nothing special. Just trapped in ice and sleeping! Is that even magic?"

-Magic. The law that overturns phenomena. Ice Queen. Mage.

The mental body absorbed Jokre's information.

Opterus, who was materialized by Lilia's soul summoning, instinctively fled to where the most familiar thoughts were concentrated.

That place was the Ice Queen's true nature.

The Ice Queen was the most dominant among the information that the tourists spewed out.

Opterus was quickly adapting to this world based on countless information.

At some point, cognition emerged in the mental body that only had sensations.

As sensation and cognition communicated with each other, the preservation of simple knowledge began to move to the stage of thinking.

-I think, therefore I exist.

Opterus concluded that he needed a form to prove his existence. And he found a special vessel that could materialize his thoughts.

The Ice Queen opened her eyes with a flash.

Jokre was not surprised. He knew that if he stood on the pedestal of the wax doll, it would open its eyes.

The Ice Queen's beautiful appearance made his wound of being rejected by a woman more painful.

Jokre tapped on the ice as if knocking on a door.

"Hey, Your Majesty. How about dating me? Huh? Hehehe."

Vivian looked at Jokre's nonsense with disdain and clicked her tongue.

"He's totally gone. Hey, snap out of it. You'll freeze to death if you lose consciousness here."

Jokre rolled up his sleeves and took a fighting stance against the Ice Queen.

"Fine, let's fight. It's a duel between mages. But if I win, you have to date me."

As the collected information was categorized as experience, Opterus reached the stage of judging the world by his own standards.
[Translated block]


```text
-What is strength? The superiority of a trait. The control of a nature. The distortion, transformation, and change of the physical world.

Then, a question suddenly came to mind.

-Then... am I strong?

"Stop it now. Let's go back. Let's get some sleep. How long are you going to stay here?"

Ludvans hugged Jokre from behind and dragged him away, seeing his eyes half-closed.

Vivian, who was sighing with her arms crossed, glanced at the Ice Queen and followed Ludvans.

And as soon as she took a step, she turned her neck as if it was broken with a horrified face.

"Uh, uh?"

The Ice Queen's eyes, which should have been facing forward, were looking at her.

Vivian thought she was still drunk.

But no matter how much she sobered up, the Ice Queen's gaze was clearly turned sideways.

She felt her hair stand on end. She was shocked as her heart pounded as if it would burst.

"Hey, guys..."

Jokre's voice faded away down the stairs.

"Hmm, date me... hmm?"

Don't leave me alone!

Vivian was so terrified that she couldn't scream.

The Ice Queen's wax skin cracked and light leaked out from the gaps.

She seemed to be analyzing what material was trapping her.

Vivian felt like she was going to die even though nothing hurt.

No, it was even scarier than dying.

As she felt the distance between her and her friends grow, the desire to live pushed air into her stomach.

Vivian screamed with the loudest voice of her life.

"Yaaaaa!"

The hall echoed with her scream.

As Ludvans turned his head with a surprised expression, a light flashed from where the Ice Queen was.

"What?"

Ludvans let go of Jokre and ran up the stairs.

The Ice Queen was engulfed in light, and Vivian, with a pale face, watched it trembling.

"Lu, Ludvans... this, this..."

The Ice Queen's wax skin cracked and light came out from between them.

Her body vibrated and cracks appeared in the ice block, then it split into thousands of pieces as if it would explode at any moment.

'I have to get away. I have to get away...'

The ice block exploded with a loud noise. At the same time, Ludvans grabbed Vivian and threw himself.

Ice shards spread to the end of the hall.

Jokre, who was on the stairs, covered his face as shards flew at him. And he lifted his head with a surprised expression.

Vivian couldn't take her eyes off the Ice Queen even when she bruised her buttocks.

Inside the shattered wax doll was a golden glow burning.

It slowly moved its steps toward the railing.

The light gradually faded and a new Ice Queen appeared, full of vitality unlike before.

Vivian muttered as if she couldn't believe it.

"The Ice Queen... resurrected?"

She had witnessed the Ice Queen's return closest to her. She clearly saw the wax skin break and a new Ice Queen fill in.

Jokre, who had reached the opposite corridor, tried to run to Vivian but stopped abruptly.

His face was as white as Vivian's.

"The Ice Queen?"

Was the legend true?

If this situation wasn't a dream, he was facing the magician who had killed countless people.

"Haaa."

The Ice Queen opened her mouth and exhaled air. Frost came out and the atmosphere began to freeze like ice.

"This is freezing phenomenon."

It was a beautiful voice.

But Jokre felt his blood freeze as he met the Ice Queen's inanimate eyes.

The Ice Queen looked at Jokre with an indifferent eye and said,

"If you beat me, I'll grant you what you want, love."
```
[Translated block]


```text
"Uh... Ugh!"

Jokre's nerves were heading towards death.

On the contrary, the desire to live quickly removed the alcohol's effect and deployed the magic he had trained for the longest time.

A fireball was born on his palm.

Jokre's major was close-range fire magic.

It was not very fast in firing speed, but he could boast of its power as much as anyone.

"Jokre! No!"

Vivian shouted. It was a reckless act from a third person's point of view.

But if she actually met eyes with the Ice Queen, she would have had no choice but to do the same thing as Jokre.

"Die, die!"

The fireball thrown by Jokre hit the Ice Queen's head directly.

No, it seemed like she had no intention of avoiding it from the beginning. A bang sound exploded and her neck above burned.

"Kyaah!"

Vivian, who imagined a human candle because it was originally a wax doll, screamed.

Anyway, it was water that had already spilled.

Rudvans, who was somewhat rational, carefully observed the Ice Queen's condition and muttered.

"Is she dead?"

The Ice Queen did not move at all. All her nerves were concentrated in her brain.

It was interesting to experience the sensation for the first time since she gained shape.

Because she changed the law into a biological form, the pain of her face burning was terrible.

But for her, who could not clearly define pain, pain was just an abnormal sensory state.

'Is this heat? It absorbs energy and suppresses it.'

As she sucked in energy through the law, the fire disappeared in an instant and the surrounding air froze.

The Ice Queen's face, which was distorted grotesquely, was revealed.

Jokre, who made it himself, bit his hip so badly that he couldn't feel his legs.

"Ugh, sa-save me..."

The Ice Queen savored the nerves gathered on her face having a seizure.

Pain was a very unpleasant sensation.

'Brain...'

The Ice Queen's face, which approached Jokre, began to regenerate little by little.

"I almost melted."

If the brain melts, it dies.

That's life.

"Please save me! I made a mistake!"

Jokre lay flat on his stomach and begged for his life. It was crazy to deal with a magician who was alive even after burning his face.

"Jokre!"

Vivian and Rudvans ran over and blocked Jokre's front.

They couldn't possibly be a match for the Ice Queen, but Jokre felt like his friends who were protecting him in front of him were saviors.

Vivian knelt down and pleaded.

"Please spare him! My friend was drunk and did that! He never meant to attack you."

"Drunk?"

Alcohol. Brain. Disruptive substance.

"I see."

When she learned that the reason why he inflicted pain on her was because of a brain-disrupting substance, the Ice Queen lost interest.

"Drinking seems to be not very beneficial for living things."

"Yes! Yes! I'm sorry."

"So what are you going to do now?"

The Ice Queen asked with pure curiosity.

She was born as a human and met humans. Then what would they do to her?

Because purity and madness are compatible, the Ice Queen's honest question came as horror to Jokre.

"I'll do whatever you tell me to do. Please just spare my life."

"Do whatever I tell you to do?"

"Yes, anything..."

The Ice Queen tilted her head.

"Why?"

Jokre looked up at the Ice Queen with absurd eyes.

He realized that her speech and behavior were strange when he came to his senses.

But if the legend was true, it meant that she had been dormant for 800 years. There was a high possibility that she had lost her memory.

"Well, of course you are the ruler. And a great magician too. So you have to rule again."

"Rule?"

The Ice Queen tilted her head further. Then she frowned as if something didn't suit her taste.

She borrowed a human form to gain personality, but her information processing speed was significantly lower.
```
[Translated block]


But such a mismatch of the nervous system was also accepted as a characteristic of a non-unpleasant creature.

"That's right. I rule. Because I am strong."

Jokre sighed with relief.

As expected, the Ice Queen was the Ice Queen. He almost lost his life if he had played a trick.

"You are right. You are different from us who are weak."

Jokre groveled endlessly.

It was the point where he had barely achieved his first achievement after a lifetime of effort.

If he died miserably in a faraway place before he could enjoy his life as a magician, he would not be able to close his eyes even if he became a corpse.
[Translated block]