


[646] To the World (1)

Kingdom of Zive.

It was a kingdom belonging to the Seven Kings Temple, where the influence of citizens was great and the social atmosphere was free, so it was a country that many exchange students visited.

Dahlia Nane was also an exchange student.

She entered a magic school at the age of four and became the second graduate in the world at the age of seventeen.

An achievement that is unbelievable in common sense.

However, if you look at the reality of Nane's daily life, you will smile at the boringly smooth life.

"Nane, have you made a decision?"

The principal of the Zive Royal Magic School personally asked Nane, who had recorded in the history of the kingdom.

"No. I haven't decided yet."

At the unexpected answer, the principal's eyes opened in surprise.

"Three hours after the graduation ceremony ends today, it will be announced in the Red Line Personnel Management Department. If you're going to take the Ivory Tower test, you need to request a public refusal."

"Then I'll think about it until then."

The principal smiled sadly.

'He's kind-hearted. Even if he doesn't say it, he probably wants to help the Zive Kingdom that raised him.'

Always polite and moral student.

There was even no sound of arguing with someone or frowning.

'It's possible because he's a genius.'

The fact that there was no faction in his life meant that Nane's talent was transcending that faction.

Even though he took the top spot in the shortest time in Zive history, it was doubtful whether he used even 1% of his talent.

"You just have to make the right choice. It's also an honor for the Zive Kingdom to enter the Ivory Tower and make a name for yourself."

When the same words were repeated, Nane spoke briefly.

"I'm tired of thinking."

At the first heard of the blunt tone, the principal flinched, but he couldn't cut down his reputation just for this.

'Well, it's not another institution, it's the Ivory Tower.'

Even a genius would be nervous.

However, contrary to the principal's thought, Nane actually didn't care about what was going to happen in the future.

Whether to enter the Zive Magic Association, take the Ivory Tower test, or die here now.

'Yes, now I am...'

As Nane moved and fell into thought, the principal's eyelids, which had been closing, froze as if frozen.

Birds are stuffed in the sky, planets stop rotating, and stars orbiting the sun stop running.

A brake was applied to the entire universe.

'What should I do?'

If there is no limit to the phenomenon, Nane's concentration that transcends time in the development of thought is not a sin either.

In that cosmic scale of immersion, Nane threw a dice of infinite polyhedron towards the end of thought.

Because he conquered all degrees, without any criteria for likes and dislikes.

And finally, when the dice stopped spinning, he realized the only one thing left for him.

'I decided.'

As Nane moved away along the corridor, the principal looked at his back with a tender gaze and wished him luck.

'I hope you make a happy choice.'

According to the Red Line regulations, 20 graduates were also produced from the Zive Royal Magic School, and when the order of the school song chorus came, they started singing in exactly ten lines.

"We become one light of the world."

In the climax of emotion that makes you shed tears unknowingly, Nane slowly came forward and took off his uniform.

'Why is he doing that? Is there an event we don't know about?'

The graduates looked at him curiously, but anyway, since Nane was the protagonist, they went on singing for now....

"Nane! What are you doing now!"

An unprecedented event in the history of the Zive Kingdom occurs.

Nane, who took off his uniform, undressed his top and bottom, even his underwear, jumped into the podium and burst into laughter.

"Hahahaha!"

"Kyaaaak!"

The female students covered their faces, but they couldn't stop peeking through their fingers because Nane, who they admired, was the protagonist.

'Well, what's going to happen now?'

What Nane wanted to know was only one thing.

The question of 'just different' in the realm of heterodoxy reached at the end of conquering all degrees.

And finally, when the dice stopped spinning, he realized the only one thing left for him.

'I decided.'

As Nane moved away along the corridor, the principal looked at his back with a tender gaze and wished him luck.

'I hope you make a happy choice.'

According to the Red Line regulations, 20 graduates were also produced from the Zive Royal Magic School, and when the order of the school song chorus came, they started singing in exactly ten lines.

"We become one light of the world."

In the climax of emotion that makes you shed tears unknowingly, Nane slowly came forward and took off his uniform.

'Why is he doing that? Is there an event we don't know about?'

The graduates looked at him curiously, but anyway, since Nane was the protagonist, they went on singing for now....

"Nane! What are you doing now!"

An unprecedented event in the history of the Zive Kingdom occurs.

Nane, who took off his uniform, undressed his top and bottom, even his underwear, jumped into the podium and burst into laughter.

"Hahahaha!"

"Kyaaaak!"

The female students covered their faces, but they couldn't stop peeking through their fingers because Nane, who they admired, was the protagonist.

'Well, what's going to happen now?'

What Nane wanted to know was only one thing.

The question of 'just different' in the realm of heterodoxy reached at the end of conquering all degrees.
[Translated block]


"Repeating endless differences, a journey to define my existence as something unique in the universe.

"Eat this!"

As I spun my waist to the chaotic performance of the musicians, the stream of urine spread in a circle.

"Ah! You must be crazy!"

Even as they hurriedly left their seats, people felt a strange chill looking at me spinning at the center.

'How can he do that?'

Being in a natural state meant having a perfect peace of mind, without a hint of tension or excitement.

"Nane! Stop it! What's this all of a sudden!"

'What happens if he doesn't stop? What's going to happen?'

As I sprayed a strong stream of water, the teachers hurriedly covered their faces, and the lower grade students burst into tears.

To completely break away from the category of concepts, more contemplation of differences than now was needed.

Perhaps as many as infinity.

Nane, who had cast a fly spell, looked down at the humans and flew away, turning his gaze beyond the horizon.

"What should we do, Principal? He's heading to the city!"

Should we report it?

The reason for the conflict, even after causing this situation, was because Nane was the best student in the history of the Zive Kingdom.

"Contact the security forces! We don't know what he'll do in the city in that mental state!"

"Understood!"

Meanwhile, Nane, who had arrived in the city, lightly landed in the middle of the market where the most people gathered.

"Kyaaaak!"

Panic was a natural course, and the merchants who thought he was a pervert approached with clubs.

"What are you? Are you trying to interfere with business?"

Since he was not interested in what he had already experienced, he did not urinate again, but the merchants felt their hearts drop.

His pupils were not normal.

'That guy, he's not a pervert.'

Nane, who belonged to the smaller side, brought about fear with pure madness, perfect uncertainty about the future.

'What is the basis of difference......'

There is no reason for Nane's actions.

It was a deviation that clearly distinguished him from normal humans, and Nane began to conquer from the most low-dimensional difference.

'First of all, the shape.'

The place Nane decided to go to was the tattoo shop, a famous product of the progressive Zive Kingdom.

"Welcome...... Kyaaaak!"

When the female employees discovered the naked man, they screamed or not, and Nane stood in front of the full-length mirror.

"Carve graffiti on my body."

An hour later.

With 60 security forces surrounding the shop and facing off, the security chief raised his voice.

"Release the hostages! If you delay, it will only be disadvantageous for you!"

Even hearing that sound, the employees inside the shop could not stop the work of scribbling on Nane's body.

At the instruction to engrave everything in the catalog, even severe curses were written down the spine.

'Ugh, it must hurt.'

Although the magic equipment has developed and time is saved, blood is flowing from the whole body.

Nane just calmly looked at his reflection in the mirror.

'Is my shape unique now?'

Or is it still converging on some concept!

'Should I try a little more.'

Nane grabbed the piercings in the jar as they were and picked them up one by one and pierced his ears.

Eudeudeuk. Eudeudeuk.

As he pierced the raw flesh and put on 13 piercings, the employees could not help but burst into tears.

'A state that can only be called Nane.'

"Uh!"

Suddenly, when he twisted his body, the tattoo went off, but Nane didn't even care and opened all the lids of the hair dye on the dressing table and poured it on his head.

"Oh, no! Hair dye is toxic......!"

When he took a shower with the total color medicine in a state where there were wounds all over his body, his flesh burned as if it was burning.

"Kkkkkk! Kikikiki!"

He laughed exaggeratedly, and as if he didn't like it, he tilted his head and cleared his throat and burst into laughter.

"Kahahahaha! Kahahahaha!"

In a state of almost losing his mind, when the work was finally finished, the employees knelt down and prayed.
[Translated block]


"I'm done. Please leave now."

"No, there's one more left."

When Nane pointed out with his tongue, two of the five employees fainted.

"Hiieeeee! Hiieeeee!"

The terrible sound coming from inside the store made the security team grit their teeth.

"What on earth are they doing in there? Captain, can't we just break in?"

"He's a magic school graduate. If we try to suppress him rashly, the hostages won't be safe."

If there were any casualties, the citizens' council would hold a hearing.

"Hiieeeee! Hie! Hiieeee!"

The face of the female employee who was tattooing a sword on Nane's tongue was pale, and her eyes were swollen from crying.

'This is hell.'

She would probably retire as a tattooist, but she would be remembered forever as the one who gave a singularity to Nane's magic.

"A sword."

Nane remembered the shape of the sword engraved on his tongue and turned his body to leave the store.

"Arrest him! Right now!"

The security team 1, who are experts in Schema, kicked the ground and flew, swinging their spears.

'Battle.'

Nane thinks.

Then, as if time had stopped, the soldiers floating at different heights were stuffed into space.

A concentration that far surpasses the category of humans.

'Sword of Wind.'

The excellent magic efficiency, which refuses to compare with anything, soared to the extreme through the obsession with the sword again.

The white sword born on the palm of the hand blurred and swept around in an instant.

"Kueeuk!"

When dozens of scratches appeared on the steel armor worn by the security team 1, security teams 2 and 3 jumped in.

"Catch him! Don't let him escape!"

Although 60 people blocked the escape route, this was a mistake stemming from not properly understanding the character of Nane.

What really needs to be blocked is not his body, but his thoughts.

'Ah, I see.'

Again, the universe stops, and Nane disassembles numerous concepts in another realm.

'Sword of Fire. Sword of Ice. Sword of Electricity. Sword of Earth.'

Each attribute is different.

'Violent sword. Soft sword. Ugly sword. Cruel sword.'

Even if the attributes are the same, the feelings are different.

'Unpredictable sword. The sword that predicts it. The sword that breaks the prediction. The sword that predicts it again.'

Even if the feelings are the same, the temperament is different.

'Disassemble everything every moment.'

The spectrum of swords radiated by more than a thousand concepts disassembled in an instant did not overlap at all.

"This crazy...!"

Before the security captain could spit out the words to retreat, numerous swords spread in all directions.

Peeeeeeong!

It feels like everything is exploding from the first universe.

Three minutes after that, when the teachers of the Royal Magic School arrived, the surrounding area was devastated with Nane at the center.

"He finally did it."

The fact that no one died just because he wanted to have a 'different' battle was realized after Nane hid his figure and two hours passed.

Nane stole clothes from a fallen resident and put them on.

There's no reason.

If the concept of wearing binds Nane to some category, he will take it off immediately.

Seeing him calmly committing robbery, the principal, who was furious, shook his fists and shouted.

"Nane! What on earth is this? You were guaranteed a hopeful future! Are you going to tarnish the honor of the family?"

'Honor of the family...'

Am I a concept bound by lineage?

'No, it's not that.'

Nane disassembled the castle called Dahlia.

And then he lifted his index finger to cover one eye and stuck out his tongue with a sword engraved on it towards the principal.

"Hiieeeee."

The one who disassembles all the truths of this world.

Psychedelic Nane.
[Translated block]