


The Valkyrie unit, which was guarding the border between Zive, Morton, and Bornei, had all retreated.

As the army of hell marched south, Habits walked around the ruined kingdom of Zive.

Natasha, who was escorting him, asked.

"What are you doing here? There's nothing but corpses. It would be much more fun to go to the battlefield." Balkan had already led the army of hell southward.

"They didn't all die."

Habits added.

"Then we have to kill them."

Natasha tilted her head cutely like a doll.

"Habits is cruel."

The survivors must have felt a hope for life since the army of hell had left.

"Why don't you just leave them alone? They're pitiful."

It wasn't a voice with much emotion.

"Natasha, you're strange." Habits moved his feet and Natasha followed him with precise steps.

"Me? Strange?"

"Balkan, Smudo, Zeta. They're all fun guys, but you're different. How should I put it."

Habits looked at her.

"You seem like a good person."

Was it sympathy?

"You're also soft-hearted. You didn't even take revenge on the monsters who broke your waist."

Natasha propped up her head with both hands.

"What's the point of revenge? It's not like I can dance again by doing that." She emphasized with her index finger. "And I'm not a good person at all!

Do you know how many humans I've killed so far?"

"That's true."

Habits kicked the corpses with his feet to check if there were any survivors left.

"That's why I'm saying you're strange. You're killing countless humans, but...

There was a man lying under a wooden board.

"If you were on the human side, everyone would have liked you. And you would have fought against me and saved many people." That was the feeling.

"Hmm."

Natasha frowned in thought.

"What does that matter? Anyway, I'm with you. And I don't have any intention of joining the other side."

Habits moved the wooden board and said.

"I also enjoy playing with you. What I want to say is, you can do whatever you want."

"I'm doing that."

Habits looked down at the man lying on the cold floor.

"Get up."

As if it were a lie, the man's body twitched.

"Please, please spare me."

Habits pulled out his sword from his waist and stabbed it straight into the man's heart.

"Kuh!"

And he looked into the eyes of the dying man.

'Resignation. Regret. Resentment.'

A look that seemed to integrate one person's life into one.

'Here it comes.'

At the end of that look, an indescribable feeling burned for a moment.

'What is it?'

It was like seeing the evaporation of life itself, which could never be found in the eyes of a dead corpse.

Natasha asked.

"Why are you obsessed with that?"

"Just curious. I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I see it. It's like an addiction. That's why I keep killing."

Natasha didn't seem interested.

"If you want to kill more, let's go somewhere else. There doesn't seem to be many survivors here."

"Then let's go to that village...

Where Habits pointed his finger, there were people instead of a village.

When Natasha turned her head, more than 100 people had surrounded them.

Those who wore strange mechanical devices, those who wore robes like magicians, those who took off their tops and were muscular.

It was a community of immortals.

The sun had set and it was dark, but each of their prayers burned like the sun.

Three men and women walked through the crowd of immortals.

"What's wrong? What's going on?"

They were clearly different from the other 100 in nature.

'They feel peculiar.'

Natasha's intuition was not wrong in that they were executives of the Ten Thousand Year Society who had lived for over 10,000 years.
[Translated block]


Nol's nihilist, Vanishing, the fifth-ranked member of the Shirokai, held out a giant brush on his back and asked.

"What are you guys? Zive must have been destroyed by now, what is this ghost doing here?"

"No need to listen. I'll check it out."

The female mecha, Oshirante, the eighth-ranked member of the Shirokai, put an egg-sized drone on her eye.

Augmented reality showed Habitz's information.

"Oh? This guy, Gustav's emperor."

"Ho ho?"

The Kergo warrior, Itohka, the sixth-ranked member of the Shirokai, lifted a thick sword.

"An emperor?"

His body exuded a hedgehog-like aura that made Natasha's eyes shine.

'He's strong.'

The physical technician Itohka.

He was known to surpass the ninth-ranked lady with a sword, the strongest warrior of the Kergo.

"He'll make a great trophy. I came looking for Buddha and met such a big fish."

After Anke Ra disappeared, the Shirokai executives scattered all over the world.

Then they found Nane and gathered their intentions to raise the world again.

Vanishing, the leader of the team, looked beyond the horizon.

'It's not easy to find him when he's with Shura. He's good at hiding for being weak.'

Habitz asked with a twirled mustache.

"Are you our enemies?"

The mecha technician, Oshirante, answered.

"If you're Gustav's emperor, you're the evil of the era. Not exactly an enemy, but not an ally either."

"Then why don't you just let me go?" The immortals burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! What? I was expecting a hellish ruler, but you're nothing without demons?"

Habitz was calm.

"I don't want to fight for a while. I want to kill those who have lost their will."

He wanted to look deeper into the last flame of life.

"Is that so, you son of a bitch?" He was not a pacifist, but Habitz's atrocities were abhorrent to the immortals.

"Did you have fun killing all this time? Let's see if you can enjoy it when you're on the receiving end."

Habitz turned his body.

"Natasha."

"Huh?"

"I'll go first. This is annoying." Natasha nodded her head.

"Yeah. Go ahead."

The immortals drew their weapons.

"You're going to run away and leave your friend behind? Now that I look at it, you're not a hellish ruler, but a piece of trash."

There was no answer from Habitz, and Natasha appeared in their sight.

"The death dance."

Natasha raised both arms and bent her knees inward as she moved her position.

A skull avatar that rose 10 meters high connected wires to her limbs just before her knees touched the ground.

"Avatar technique?"

A high level, but basically a basic skill for immortals who have lived for more than a thousand years.

"No need to waste time. Kill him."

The Kergo warriors flew their bodies at the same time as Natasha's eyes had a cold light in them.

Death dance-killing machine.

The afterimage of a doll dancing madly. "Aaaaaah!"

Ignoring all kinds of noises that seemed to destroy the world, Habitz just walked to the village.

And finally, all the noise disappeared.

"Cough!"

Natasha's fist pierced Oshirante's vital point and blood flowed back from her mouth.

That ended the battle.

It took less than four minutes from start to finish.

'What is this...'

Oshirante's retina flickered with augmented reality data that the drone had sent a moment ago.

She didn't have a chance to analyze Natasha's physical ability values.

It was more regrettable than death that she couldn't do that.

'Is God crazy?'

How did he create something like this?

It was clearly a creature created by God's madness, or something that God didn't make.

'In my opinion...'

She couldn't reach a conclusion and Oshirante fell to the cold ground like her other comrades.

"Hoo."

Natasha wiped the sweat on her forehead with her backhand.
[Translated block]


```text
It was a short battle, but hundreds of meters in radius were turned into a mess as if they had been bombed.

"They're amazing."

Even by Natasha's experience, they were some of the best in the world.

'I wish I had gone when Habitz told me to go.'

That was all the emotion.

"Habitz."

She bounced up as if she had springs on her feet and caught up with Habitz.

"Is it over?"

"Yeah. I killed them all."

The only being defined as 'strong' in Habitz's head was Natasha.

"It wasn't fun, I guess."

"What's so fun about fighting? It's hard and annoying. At least I can dance."

Was killing the three strongest humans in the world nothing more than a dance under the moonlight for Natasha?

"Then when are you happy?" Natasha, who was lost in thought looking at the full moon, turned her head to Habitz.

"How about Habitz? Are you happy that I killed them?"

"I'm happy. Winning is fun." Natasha smiled satisfied.

"Then I'm happy too."

Habitz blinked his eyes.

"You're a really weird kid."

All Gustav IVs were strange, but Natasha was a little different.

Unlike other friends, she didn't have a particular reason to be 'Habitz'.

"It's all burned here too."

The two who entered the village looked around at the scenery that had already turned into ruins.

Habitz, who was excited to kill the survivors, felt a moment of disappointment in his eyes.

"That's too much. No matter how they are my subordinates, they killed everyone without leaving one."

Shouldn't they leave some fun?

At that moment, a newborn baby's cry came through the night air.

'Survivor!'

The two who looked at each other ran to a dilapidated old shack.

"Only the baby survived?"

As Habitz spoke, the baby's cry stopped inside the shack.

"Hmm."

Habitz pushed the door with his foot and the door opened, stabbing his nose with a rotten smell.

Under the moonlight coming through the hole in the roof, a fat woman was breastfeeding her baby. Her teeth were irregular on her snout, her eyes were torn open and her face was torn open.

"Are you here to kill me?"

Habitz entered the house.

"Yeah."

"Wait. Let me feed my baby some milk."

Habitz waited.

The woman who was holding her baby and feeding him milk raised her head.

"And when you kill me, you take this child and raise him. If not, he'll starve to death."

Habitz looked at the baby's face.

"Is this your child?"

≪Uh ha huh?

"Father?"

"I don't know. This is a poor village that is torn apart. I sold my body for a piece of bread from mercenaries. One of them must be his father. Whether he's dead or alive...

"He eats well."

Habitz put his sword on the ground and crawled over to the baby in her arms.

The baby's breathing, which was sucking milk with all his might, sounded like he was choking.

"Is it that delicious?"

As Habitz stared at him without blinking, the woman asked.

"Do you want to try it too?"

Habitz's eyes went up.

"Me too?"

"You have two breasts. Eat if you want. Just give me some bread. Do you have bread?"

Habitz nodded his head.

He lay down like a beast and waited, and she turned her butt and offered him the other breast.

"Here
[Translated block]