


```text
[419] From Heaven (1)

Heaven 6,000 Jeonbul. Great World War.

There is an angel with a face as transparent and beautiful as light.

The peak of intelligence born knowing all the principles of the world with a slender body of 2 meters and 30 centimeters.

Among the countless angels, there are only eight archangels, and among them, the angel of birth, Kariel, who boasts the most outstanding beauty.

But his face was now as pale as a human with a disease.

His eyes were sunken and his expression was irritable.

His kind and clear facial lines, which were full of intelligence, had been distorted frequently lately.

In fact, he was in a state similar to having a disease.

If the power of an angel comes from a clear concept, his clarity is currently only 10% of normal.

This was all the result of the labor he endured to bring one human being.

"Kariel, are you really okay?"

The angel of destruction, Uriel, looked worriedly at Kariel, whose presence had faded.

Among the archangels, he was the tallest with a height of 3 meters, a solid body, and a thick breastplate that reached his chin. In the center of it, a golden wheel was spinning furiously.

"I can still bear it. I have to. It's just starting now."

If Kariel's fatigue was converted to human standards, it would be equivalent to not sleeping for about 40 years.

Any creature would have dried up all its cells by this amount of fatigue.

But his eyes were still burning with emotion.

Uriel turned his head toward where Kariel was looking.

Under the galaxy mirror that governs the operation of the world, there was a beautiful woman by human standards sitting in a chair.

Adrias Miro.

Is there a more abhorrent concept for the existence of heaven?

Even Anke Ra, the incarnation of the Akashic Records, could not penetrate the barrier that hindered the conquest of the universe by being the last bastion of humanity.

But even she was helpless against Kariel's persistence.

"You finally did it."

Anke Ra suddenly canceled the war just before the rebels were annihilated and banned any investigation activities on humans.

All angels obeyed the transmission, but only Kariel did not give up and continued to carry out his plan to kill humans.

What he got from doing so was Miro's 'flesh' in front of him.

"How did you do it? Didn't you say you couldn't destroy Miro's space-time?"

A smile appeared on Kariel's tired face.

"When I attacked Miro's space-time with Cheonpok, Opterus went through the cracks. There was information about Miro's space-time in his electromagnetic pattern. I analyzed it."

"But Miro's space-time healed right away. You couldn't have pierced through the dimensional barrier and brought her here."

"The dimensional barrier is actually nothing. The reason why heaven's army cannot go to the land of earth is because their protocol is different. It is an independent world without even quantum entanglement."

Uriel did not try to understand.

The one who was born for destruction had no obligation to understand the object of destruction.

"So?"

"I deciphered the protocol with the information obtained from Opterus. Then I sent Miro to Daesegyejeon through quantum superposition."

"Hmm, so?"

Kariel realized that Uriel did not understand.

"Simply put, I put my hand in a barrel and pulled out what I wanted until it came out. The size of the barrel is not an exaggeration even if it is said to be the entire universe."

Uriel realized why Kariel had become weak.

"So you kidnapped her by searching the universe."

"Well... that's right."

Kariel decided to just let it go.

"Hmm."

Uriel looked at Miro's face trapped in Sammaegyeong.

Just before the final war broke out, she stood alone against heaven's army and spread out a wall of dimensions. It was exactly like her exhausted face.

"The human mind, in some sense, is admirable."

Miro's mind that forms her space-time is currently being sucked into an empty dimension endlessly.
```
[Translated block]


It was a mental state and concept that could not be understood as a perfect angel from birth.

"Hmph, that's proof of being an imperfect being. Don't be impressed by such lowly humans."

Uriel did not answer.

For him, what he could not understand was to destroy it.

But would Cariel do the same?

Birth is a concept that is established on the premise that you understand everything.

It may be the biggest contradiction in this universe that Cariel, who handles the liquor of life, cannot understand humans.

"Humans are really strange beings. Even now, one human is blocking all the power of heaven."

Cariel's expression crumpled.

Human. Human.

He couldn't understand why everyone applied different standards to humans only, starting from Anke Labu.

"That won't happen. I'll destroy it."

Uriel changed the subject. He didn't want to touch the mind of an angel who was born on the same day with a different concept like twins.

"Then, what are you going to do now? Even if you kill Miro, Miro's spacetime won't disappear. Why did you bring her here while torturing her mind until she disappeared?"

"Hmph, of course to destroy Miro's spacetime. I'm going to pull Miro out of the dimension of fear. If you kill her after she regains consciousness, Miro's spacetime will disappear."

It was a good way, no, the only way.

"But we can't understand human imperfection. There will be no humans among the believers who can understand Miro's mind. Nephilim disappeared after Gepin's extinction."

"There are none in heaven, but there are in the land of earth."

Uriel tilted his head.

Of course, there are those who awaken as Nephilim spontaneously in the land of earth.

But it was impossible to bring someone from there as long as Miro's spacetime blocked it.

"Are you going to search the whole universe again? You might disappear completely."

"No need for that. I don't have the strength left for that."

Cariel flew up to the central system in the shape of a pillar and connected to the Akashic Records.

Uriel, who followed him flying behind him, looked at the screen behind Cariel.

"I found something interesting while searching the Akashic Records."

Cariel stepped aside and a human name appeared on the screen.

Uriel read down the description below and shook his head.

"Sure enough, it's interesting."

Coincidentally, he was a human who understood human psychology best.

No, it was right to say that he had changed into his current state because he understood human psychology best.

"I'm going to summon this guy to Dae-segyejeon."

Cariel spread his hand and a law book was born with a flash of light body on his palm.

The law book containing the principles of the universe was a high-strength metal hardcover, and pages made of light began to turn.

The central operating system went into full operation and blue electricity flowed like waves along the floor and gathered in an arch-shaped mechanical device.

Uriel looked at it for a moment and then turned his head back to the central operating device screen.

'Digger...'

Someone's name that only existed as a concept blinked.

Morgan Arius

* * *

Rebel Command No. 1.

Shirone and his party received a warm welcome from the rebels.

Shirone's heroic tale of subduing hundreds of giants with his archangel abilities spread quickly through drones and became a new myth of the rebels.

Shirone's face was solemn in the midst of huge white noise.

He was suspicious of why there was a number 1 attached to the command, but there was no doubt about the size of the rebel base, which was much larger than expected.

Dozens of buildings estimated to be supply warehouses surrounded the site, and in the forest there was a huge building over 30 meters high.

'It's an amazing power. If they move...'

Gaold thought differently.

'It won't work.'

Of course, the command's power was strong.

But there was no doubt in his words that he had gone to extinction before.
[Translated block]


```
It's not a problem of power asymmetry.

From the beginning, the beings of heaven were something different from humans.

If thousands of ants bite a human, they will die, but just like they are not humans who would let that happen in the first place, angels were the same.

"Huh? There's Shiro over there. Hey, Shiro! It's me, me!"

A familiar face popped out from the middle of the matrix.

It was Clove and Gardrak, who had guided Shiro and his friends from heaven to Nor's shelter a year ago.

Clove had ignored Amy, but it was a welcome thing to find a familiar face in such a situation.

But Shiro couldn't bring himself to approach them. Because countless crowds who heard Clove's words were all trying to pop out.

"Wow! It was true! Shiro really came!"

Clove and Gardrak were buried in the crowd and couldn't be seen.

There were very few people who knew Shiro's face outside of the 73rd district, so it was a phenomenon that happened.

Shiro backed away with a startled expression.

If he got closer, he might accidentally hurt people.

As he watched Shiro move away, Clove tore his hair out and uttered a lament.

"Ah, I didn't know that kid would become such an important person. If I had known, I would have been friends with him sooner."

Gardrak slapped his disciple's head.

"Is that the problem now? It's a matter of whether we're annihilated by the angels or not."

Clove said with a wronged expression.

"But Master also said that, if Shiro comes, we can also get treated here."

Gardrak was silent.

Shiro had returned. And at a very exquisite timing.

The cessation of heaven's attack was certainly a boon for the rebels, but that alone could not fill the gap of conflict between Mecca and Nor that had deepened as they continued to lose battles.

The command that failed to reach a consensus eventually split into the first and second commands, and although there was no battle, the situation was already bleak.

At that point, when everyone was waiting for self-destruction, the light of the 73rd district began to shine on them again.

'Why now? Did he know and come back?'

A series of events connected by an invisible ring made it impossible to dismiss Shiro's return as a miracle.

"Hehe, it's so nice to walk with you like this."

On the other hand, Lena, who was holding Shiro's arm, did not leave his side for a moment while going to the headquarters.

Then Flue, who was watching Shiro's stiff back, clicked his tongue and said.

"What are you doing? Did you come to heaven to date?"

Gaold didn't care either way.

"Kuku, leave them alone. That kind of thing will also help the parade."

It was okay to have some staging since Shiro's miracle had come to the rebels who had been pushed to the brink of annihilation.

But Kanya was embarrassed by her sister's antics.

She couldn't stand it and whispered in Lena's ear.

"What are you doing? Get off quickly. Do you know what Shiro means to the rebels? What if people misunderstand?"

"What misunderstanding? Shiro and I are not ordinary either. We met after a year and we can't even hook arms?"

Lena looked at Shiro and said.

"Brother, let my sister hook arms with you too."

Shiro couldn't find an answer.

His heart was still pounding, how could he walk with two girls on his arms?

Kanya's face turned red like a beetroot.

"You, what are you talking about? Why would I hook arms with Shiro?"

"Ai, really. Sister is too weak in this area. You have to look like you're close with Shiro so we can work at the headquarters. Sister, your Guroi is broken too. You have to get a new Guroi here to become a pilot again."

Kanya became speechless.

She was younger but her sister was more cunning in her thoughts.

No, should I say she was wicked in this case?
```
[Translated block]


Shirone reassured her.

"Kanya, don't worry too much. I destroyed Kuroi, so I'll tell the commander when I see him."

Kanya smiled at Shirone and looked back at Lena with a timid eye.

'Oh, that fox...'

Lena, who didn't know or care about her sister's feelings, wrapped Shirone's arm and smiled happily.
[Translated block]