


[588] Black Curtain (3)

* * *

The news of Eden's retirement was delivered to the Scramble Royale participants.

It was not long after the Quasar exploded.

"Retire?"

Hersey had a blank expression.

'Did they really destroy the barrier?'

In the Gold Wheel's own simulation, Eden's defense capability was the unrivaled first place among the graduating class.

"Now there is no infinity."

Iruki sneered and said.

"All that's left is Amy and Kaiden."

Hersey, who came to his senses, quickly calculated the hand.

The strongest hand of the Shiroene team is Sabina's Mine.

'Kaiden's hand is...'

It was Democracy.

'It's done!'

Hersey shivered.

In the complex hand combination fight, only Iruki could calculate what the strongest hand of the Shiroene team was, but he had another strategy prepared for the worst of the worst.

"Hahaha!"

When Hersey burst into laughter, Dorothy raised her eyebrows.

"Why are you doing that? Did you lose your mind?"

"You fought well."

Hersey, who stopped laughing, said.

"You were really great. Honestly, I thought I would win easily. I commend you for sticking to this point."

"Do you think Kaiden can beat Amy?"

Hersey shrugged his shoulders.

Unlike Eden's case, in the Gold Wheel's own simulation, the two's combat power was a draw.

"It doesn't matter who wins."

Hersey was sure that the Scramble Royale was over.

"Again, the winner is Kaiden."

* * *

"Give me the master card."

Amy reached out to Kaiden.

"Master card? Ah."

Kaiden blinked as if he realized.

"Hurry up. You're not going to be stubborn even after coming this far, are you? You're not that kind of person, are you?"

"That's... I don't have it."

"What?"

Amy frowned, unable to understand.

"Hersey took my master card without the team members knowing in the morning. I can't hang, but anyway, you had a lower hand than me. That was the condition Hersey proposed as the price for chasing you."

"Wait a minute. Did you take the master card? The master card?"

Suddenly, confusion arose in Amy's head, and she reached out and muttered something, then looked at the card status of the participants.

Kaiden's democracy was the strongest.

'If the Scramble Royale ends like this, it's a victory for the coalition team.'

Amy, whose heart sank, turned to Kaiden and shouted.

"You idiot! What do you do if you say that now? We're going to lose!"

Kaiden was also absurd.

"Why do I say that? We're on different sides, aren't we?"

"Shut up! You stupid kid!"

When Amy kicked Kaiden's side, the shock was transmitted to the broken crutch.

"Kuk! What are you doing?"

"Ah! I really can't live!"

Amy turned around and ran, and Kaiden reached out.

"Wa, wait...!"

"Shut up! I'll see you after the game is over!"

The grumbling hand was heading towards the broken crutch, and saliva seeped between the teeth.

"Kueuuu!"

As expected, there was no sympathy for the wizard.

* * *

"Kaiden doesn't have a master card."

Hersey declared triumphantly.

"I got it in the morning. Even if Amy beats Kaiden, she can't break the card. If Kaiden wins, there's no need to say the result."

There was silence for a moment.

"Now you know? The Scramble Royale is a victory for the coalition team."

"Iruki."

When Dorothy turned around, Iruki spoke.

"Where is the master card?"

"Well, where would it be?"

Hersey's body shone with a flash.

Although the sonar has already been analyzed and cannot be used, there should be no cancellation if it is spatial movement.

"Then let's see after the game is over."

At the same time, Sabina approached from behind him and choked his neck.

"Don't move."
[Translated block]


Sharp air cuts swirled at her fingertips.

"Heh, is this your last struggle? How ugly."

Dorothy approached, carrying Hickory.

"Hand over the master card. Otherwise, I have no choice but to use violence."

Just then, the ground under Sabina's feet squirmed, and a long, snake-like centipede sprang up and coiled around her ankle.

"Darn it!"

Pisho came down upside down on a spider from a tree 10 meters away.

"Let go of Hershey. It's a venomous centipede."

"Don't talk nonsense. Do you want to die alone?"

Sabina tightened her grip on Hershey's neck, and Hickory's fist aimed at Pisho hanging from the tree.

In a situation where each other held each other's lifelines, Sabina said,

"Search Hershey's body. We don't have much time. We need to find the master card."

Hershey spread his arms as if he was happy.

"Hahaha! You never disappoint me! But what should I do? I don't have Kaiden's master card."

"Shut up. We'll check that."

There was a will in Sabina's voice.

"Feel free. There's no rule that says I have to have it just because I received it. Search thoroughly. If you can find it in time, it's your victory."

"Eruki, hurry!"

After Dorothy, who had loaded the rocket punch, shouted, Eruki slowly moved his steps.

"Well, I don't have a hobby of entrusting my body to a man. Anyway, you can't find what you want......"

"Hershey."

Eruki cut off the words and raised his head.

"You, are you a fool by any chance?"

"What?"

Hershey's face crumpled.

* * *

"Yes! I'm a fool! I'm a fool!"

Amy turned the direction and went back the way she came.

When she came out of the forest, Kaiden was still holding his side and groaning.

"Hey! I just need to retire you, right?"

"So I told you to wait......"

"Shut up! There's less than 2 minutes left!"

Amy, who lifted Kaiden by grabbing his collar, activated the schema and carried him.

"Ouch! You're too strong."

"I don't care!"

Amy, who repeatedly cast spatial movement and the main force of the schema, landed near the main gate of the magic school with Kaiden on her back.

-There are 10 seconds left until the end of Scramble Royal.

"I'm going crazy!"

Amy, who calculated the instantaneous movement and the main force of the schema, ran with Kaiden on her back.

5 seconds, 4 seconds, 3 seconds......

Listening to Lulu's electric signal, she threw Kaiden with all her might.

"Go, Kaiden!"

2 seconds, 1 second.

As Kaiden's body crossed the main gate, another signal came in between the counts.

-Kaiden, out-of-court defeat. The game time of Scramble Royal has ended.

-The strongest defeat is Mine (●●●●). The winning team is Shirone, Eruki, Nade, Amy, Dorothy, Sabina.

-Apply rewards and penalties through judgment.

"Haah! Haah!"

Only after recognizing all of Lulu's signals did Amy kneel down and support the ground with her hands.

"That stupid......"

Kaiden, who fell outside the main gate, was writhing in pain, holding his side.

* * *

"We won!"

Sabina and Dorothy released their battle stances and jumped up and down.

Pisho still didn't show any emotion, and only Hershey was in a state of being out of his mind.

"Ah......"

Only after a while did he realize how stupid he had been to think that he was not even in his head.

'Why did I do that?'

"When you're cornered, you tend to accept even unrealistic hopes positively."

Hershey's pupils turned to Eruki approaching.

"It's like insurance in a card game. It's a good strategy to assume a certain situation and insure it, but if you're not careful, you'll force all assumptions into that particular situation."

"Heh, don't be smart......"

"Because you were thinking of cheating......"

Hershey's face crumpled, but Eruki didn't care and turned to Dorothy, reminding her of her advice and continuing her words.
[Translated block]


"Really, you don't know what's important."

"......"

Hershey, who realized his defeat, gritted his teeth.

"Let's see in the graduation exam. I will definitely step on you."

"Think about helping me hard."

It was a condition that two people from the Shiro-ne team were to be pushed in the graduation exam.

When Hershey left the seat by space movement, Sabina and Dorothy approached.

"You did a good job, Iruki."

"Yeah. Thanks to you guys who moved according to the strategy."

Dorothy said.

"When the team members gather, I'll say it again, but it's definitely an ambiguous condition. Choosing two people."

It was ambiguous because of the non-aggression line, even though Kaiden had proposed the strongest condition for the Shiro-ne team due to his emotional response before the Scramble Royal opened.

Iruki suggested.

"How about this? Until the graduation exam, the two people with the lowest rank among us will receive the reward."

Sabina agreed.

"That's a good way. Honestly, it's a bit emotional, but I hope all six of us pass."

There will be no one to drop the rank on purpose to get the help of the gold wheel.

'Because I know what's really important.'

Dorothy, who was glad to come to the magic school, smiled at the sky.

* * *

"Do you really want to leave now? It seems like a serious injury."

The person who made it was Amy, but Kaiden now knew her personality.

"I can do simple recovery magic. I'm going to get treatment from Pro on the way."

There was no intention to go to the infirmary because the Scramble Royal itself was illegal.

"Yeah. You're coming back, right?"

"I just want to get some wind. I'm going home for a long time. More than anything, my rank is quite high."

It was ridiculous to think about it now.

"If you want to drop your rank below Nade, you won't be able to come back for at least a month."

Nade's graduation class rank was last, and now it was a situation where even the return could not be guaranteed.

"Ha ha! Is that so? Be careful and come back. I'm going to raise my rank while you're gone."

Kaiden turned around with a bitter smile.

"Say hello to Maya."

"No. Come back and say it yourself. Honestly, I'm uncomfortable with her."

"Ha ha ha ha!"

Kaiden, who suddenly thought of it, threw his head back and burst into laughter.

"I see it now. You two are a match made in heaven. Shiro-ne and you."

Amy's face turned red.

"What nonsense? We're not any side yet...!"

"It's about my ribs you broke, Shiro-ne broke it a few days ago."

"......"

"I'm sick of being beaten without giving me time to bond. I'm really sick of you two."

Amy asked with an anxious expression.

"Are you by any chance......"

"Don't worry. I won't get in the way anymore. So enjoy your life to the fullest."

Kaiden, who was moving away from school, looked back at Amy and raised one corner of his mouth.

"Carmis."

Amy also sent him off with a smile.

"Have a good trip, Cross."

* * *

The participants, who were left with the aftermath of the game, gathered one after another where Iruki was.

Shiro-ne arrived with Eden, and finally Amy joined.

"Phew, we were close, right? Everyone worked hard."

As Shiro-ne said, they were all tired.

"It's a bit like this to go back, shall we eat something simple?"

When Amy rubbed her growling stomach and said, Sabina agreed.

"I'm hungry too. But there won't be any open stores at this time? The school store is also closed."

Eden said.

"Let's go to the school restaurant. I'll make it with the ingredients there. I can do simple food. The believers also said it was delicious."

"Eden, you?"

Eden, who had lost in the confrontation, was rather calm.

"Feeding the hungry is also a practice of love."
[Translated block]
Ilukee nodded his head.

"Okay, let's go. Pisho, do you want to go eat together?"

Even after the union team disbanded, Pisho was still in his place.

"I'm not lonely."

Pisho was the oldest in the graduating class.

"Who says what? Let's review this game. There might have been an unexpected win rate. You were in charge of the scramble too."

"If you say so."

He knew how important it was to analyze the cause of failure, although the pain of defeat was great.

When Pisho joined and everyone was about to turn their steps to the school cafeteria, Shiro-ne called out.

"Wait. But there's a problem."

"A problem?"

"It's against school rules to go to the cafeteria at this time."

"......"

Everyone opened their mouths with a dumbfounded expression, and in the chilly atmosphere, Ilukee asked.

"Are you serious right now?"

"Yeah. What if we get caught and get scolded by the teacher?"

Everyone who heard that turned away and walked away.

"Wait! I'm really anxious......!"

Listening to the hurried footsteps of Shiro-ne following behind, Pisho said.

"That's Shiro-ne."

"Of course. It's a magic school."

Amy held back a chuckle and said.

"He's not normal either."

Scramble Royal end.
[Translated block]