


```text
[336] A Winter Night (7)

The Ice Queen, who was thinking of Jokre's words, gently bent her waist and looked down at him.

"Do you want to be strong too?"

Jokre blinked blankly, not understanding the Ice Queen's intention.

She was a legendary magician who was so powerful that she was hard to handle even in the kingdom. That's why she was exiled to this place, wasn't it?

But survival came first. It was a disaster if he got caught up in a leading question and annoyed the queen.

"I want to be strong!"

Vivian suddenly shouted.

Jokre turned around with a shocked face.

'This fool!'

Was she still drunk?

Of course he understood her feelings.

How long had she suffered from frustration in her life?

If one day God appeared and said he would grant her wish, she would give up wealth and fame, and even her lifelong lover, and ask for magic. That was the people of this world.

But this was not a good time.

What did she expect from a woman who froze everything around her, and even herself in ice?

Maybe the situation was too unrealistic.

That's why her theory of life play came true.

Vivian looked up at the Ice Queen with a desperate look.

Even if this was a trap of life, she knew it was not an opportunity that anyone could get.

"Please teach me, Your Majesty. Teach me magic!"

A sad emotion surged and the suppressed drunkenness came up at once.

But her mind was clearer than ever in her life.

The Ice Queen raised her hand silently.

The information she acquired when she was Opterus is stored in the space called memory now.

And since she was born by herself, she accepted the rules of this world as pure information, and that's why she could control them.

The wave of law.

The atmosphere spread out like a concentric circle with a strong wind.

But Jokre's party couldn't feel the wind. They just realized that something that made them up had changed.

Jokre's party looked at their hands and shivered as if they couldn't believe it.

The world they felt was completely different from before.

The Ice Queen said indifferently.

"Is that the law you want?"

Jokre, who was moved by emotion, couldn't even answer and nodded his head repeatedly.

You can't feel it or realize it. Until the situation comes.

But you definitely feel it and realize it. When the situation comes.

That was the change of law.

'It doesn't make sense. How is this possible?'

Jokre clenched his fists.

Vivian was right.

Today's event was the biggest and perfect reversal that could happen in his life.

The wave of law (1)

The next morning.

Siroene and Amy visited the prison of an old castle ruin.

The flow of time had collapsed and shaved off, so now half of it was exposed above ground.

The history of magic is ancient, but it was relatively recent that it was academically defined. 800 years ago, there was not enough consideration for electricity, so primitive magic prevailed.

Especially at that time, the power of the Holy Order was so strong that it was the time when the foundation of the current holy magic was established.

Therefore, magicians were persecuted.

Ability without God's name was considered devil's power, and there were countless magicians who were abandoned by their families.

The two entered the prison where magicians were caught and tortured.

Siroene shuddered with a chilly chill in front of a device that stretched his spine after tying his arms and legs.

"Uh, how did they think of such a tool? It must have been painful."

"Magicians must have had a hard time too. Magic is not something you can do if you want to. It's a blessed talent now, but it must have been a curse at that time."

Siroene and Amy came out of the underground prison.
```
[Translated block]
As they climbed up the stairs connected to the ground, everyone was looking up at the sky. A huge dark cloud was rolling in from the other side of the sky.

The winter of the Lest Mountains was famous for its clear weather because the high pressure became high pressure as the westerly wind rose along the mountain range.

Sometimes local low pressure would snow, but people who visited the winter festival every year had never seen such a thick dark cloud.

"What is it? It doesn't look like it's going to rain."

The wind was not strong. Yet the dark clouds were approaching at a fast speed like smoke and covering the sky.

The temperature began to drop sharply.

As a cold wave hit enough for even people wearing thick clothes to feel cold, anxiety finally appeared on the faces of tourists.

"What, what? Is the weather crazy?"

Shirone and Amy also closed their clothes and watched the situation.

It was an abnormal temperature that could not be seen as a whim of the weather.

"Amy, something is strange. The temperature can't drop so fast in a natural state."

"That's right. It's like magic."

A thunderous sound erupted from the essence of the Ice Queen. Then, a powerful wave that shook ran while pushing away the dark clouds.

The shape of the atmosphere folding along the grain was clearly visible.

"Dangerous!"

Shirone blocked Amy's front.

There was no time to avoid it. The wave that rushed in swept away from the outskirts of the crowd and approached.

"Get out of the way!"

A woman in a robe blocked Shirone and Amy.

It was Mage Lilia.

She quickly moved her fingers and tied her hands.

The three hand signs of gold ban, anti-reverse, and crush, which are the basics of commandments, were tied continuously like water flowing, and a barrier of law was unfolded.

The moment a powerful wave swept over them and passed by, a shock wave popped in front of Lilia's eyes.

"Kak!"

Lilia's body flew back like a cannonball.

All tourists looked at her. The wave swept past, but she was the only one who actually felt the impact.

"What, what? What's going on?"

Lilia rolled around on the floor even after falling.

Dante crossed over and lowered his posture. And he caught her exactly in his chest.

"Are you okay?"

Lilia leaned back on Dante and bit her lip. She had done countless commandments so far, but this was the first time she encountered a mental body that used such a powerful law.

Shirone and Amy ran to Dante when they found him.

They sensed it, that Dante's companion woman protected them from something.

"Dante, what is it? What's going on?"

Dante postponed his answer and lifted Lilia up.

The law is different from magic, so there is no physical shock. It was Lilia's job to answer whether Shirone and Amy were normal.

"How did it go? Did you succeed?"

"It was close. How about you?"

The wave of law spread quickly, and it was impossible for Lilia to keep both places. Even if he was an excellent magician, he could not stop the law if he could not control his will of gold, anti-reverse, and crush.

Dante took out the totem around his neck.

"Thanks."

A pendant with a monster-like face hung on a necklace made by twisting birch bark.

It looked fierce, but it was a guardian who chased away evil spirits.

There was a crack along his forehead diagonally on the guardian's forehead, which was a wound caused by exposure to the wave of law.

When I put it on my palm, it finally broke in half with a crackle sound.

Dante made an awkward expression and handed out the totem.

"You said you only have one? I'm sorry."

Lilia shook her head strongly.

"You don't have to be sorry. That's what totems are for. It was such a powerful law that it broke down. It's lucky that you blocked it."

Shirone couldn't understand their conversation. Anyway, it looked serious, so he intervened in between.

"Dante, what's going on?"

Lilia answered.

"You were lucky. You'll be fine."

Amy asked back with an impatient expression.
[Translated block]
"So what the hell is okay?"

Lilia looked back and forth between Shirone and Amy.

It was already foreseen that the mental body that gained self-awareness would change the surrounding laws for survival. In such a situation, Lilia could only save two or three people at best from the law in a moment.

Hundreds of people are gathered here right now.

And among them, there must have been people who had the skills needed for this decree.

Is this really the right choice?

She couldn't predict what the result of giving up all of them and protecting a couple who were not even twenty years old would be.

"Dante, who are these kids? I didn't follow your words to save your friends."

Dante said, looking back at the nature of the Ice Queen.

"He said he was second."

"Second? What's second?"

Dante squinted one eye.

He learned it overnight, but Lilia was really clueless.

He didn't want to explain it long. What would he gain by telling the story in detail?

"He's number one. Kingdom number one."

Lilia looked at Shirone with a surprised expression.

Even though he was not a pro yet, the reason he allied with him was because he was an outstanding player recognized by the kingdom.

Mages don't have a competitive system like magicians, so they didn't feel much emotion when they heard the word second.

How many people are there in the kingdom, what does it matter if it's number one or number two?

Just being second means he's a very good student.

But he was here.

It was shocking to her that number one and number two were in one place in this vast kingdom.

'Did this kid really beat Dante?'

He had a good impression. Except for the fact that his eyes were alive, he couldn't find the aura of the national number one anywhere.

She experienced Dante's skills firsthand yesterday morning.

His practical response, judgment, and excellent skills were comparable to those of a pro.

Honestly, as a mage, Lilia couldn't imagine what kind of skill it would take to surpass him.

Dante pointed to the nature of the Ice Queen and said.

"You're here. Shirone and Amy get ready too. You may not understand it, but it's better to be nervous for now."

A woman wearing the same dress as the Ice Queen flew across the sky toward here.

"That, isn't that the Ice Queen?"

The Ice Queen who arrived in mid-air slowly descended to the ground.

There was a flash of light in the distance, and a flash of space travel flew like a twist and crashed next to her.

Amy's eyes widened.

"Joker? Why are you...?"

Joker smirked and bowed behind the Ice Queen. Then Rudvans and Vivian landed.

No one understood the situation.

At least Shirone and Amy felt a sense of crisis, but tourists seemed to relax rather than laugh.

"Haha! It's really the Ice Queen, isn't it? What kind of event is this?"

"Wow, it's really similar? How did you find someone who looks exactly like that among magicians?"

It was natural to be here as part of the festival.

Otherwise, there was no way that the Ice Queen would actually walk around in front of her eyes, right?

Shirone would have thought that they had opened a performance on behalf of the organizers if she hadn't seen the shock wave that exploded in front of Lilia's eyes.

As the Ice Queen stepped toward the crowd, tourists cheered and applauded.

The winter festival is held every year, but this year's special event was novel even for them.

The idea of resurrecting the Ice Queen from legend.

Even an ice queen made of wax had secured countless fans with its beauty. But the appearance of the woman playing the role was incomparably beautiful to that of a wax doll.

It was a brilliant ability possessed by life force.

"Whew! Ice Queen! Please hold my hand once!"

When a pot-bellied uncle smiled bashfully and reached out his hand, someone next to him stopped him as if he was crazy.
[Translated block]


"Hey, don't be reckless. You might freeze to death like that."

People burst into laughter. No one realized that this was a real situation.

Even as jokes flew around, the Ice Queen just walked with an indifferent face.

Lilia watched the Ice Queen's every move in her beast form.

'What is it? What law did she break?'

The wave of law changed the law of everyone except Shiro and her companions.

Nothing special had happened yet, but judging by the power of the wave, the magnitude of the change was enormous.
[Translated block]