


[352] The Prosecutor's Belief (4)

"Is that the skill of a prosecutor who just turned twenty?"

Kuan was deeply impressed by Rai's swordsmanship.

It was precise and exquisite. If the Ogent family had two bloodlines, this time it was undoubtedly the era of black hair.

"Hoo! Hoo!"

Lian breathed heavily and supported his greatsword with his trembling arms. He had swung his greatsword for a year except for eating time, but it felt so heavy for the first time.

'Lift it up. Lift it up.'

Rai's eyes twitched. The greatsword that was pressing down with the black sword was slowly rising.

'Do you still have strength left?'

He should have no strength in his body since the shock wave of the sword vibration had hit him properly.

He tried to press down a little more with his weight, but he was pushed back by a huge force that didn't even seem to think of blocking.

Rai felt a bad feeling and pulled out his sword and widened the distance.

At the same time, Lian swung his sword and got up. He tore off his ragged top and revealed his tight muscles.

Rai recognized Lian's characteristics at a glance.

'His recovery power is amazing.'

It was impossible to even think of transcending the physical limit with divine transcendence and sublimating it to the realm of skill with ordinary hardships. He could guess how much bloody training Lian had done to increase his feedback.

"I admit that you did your best. But, I'm the one who leads the family."

Rai turned to Lian's side through external gravity. And he swung his black sword at the defenseless right arm.

In a normal situation, he should have taken a defensive posture.

But rather, Lian opened his ribs and lifted his greatsword vertically.

'What?'

In an instant, Rai's thoughts progressed quickly.

Take flesh and give bone? Or is attack the best defense?

Neither case made sense. The movement of the greatsword had to be slower than that of the fine sword.

Then Lian's greatsword dropped down to Rai's forehead with an afterimage. It was a strange acceleration of the sword that could not be understood by common sense.

Rai bounced his body and caused a near vibration. His body slid along the external gravity and escaped from the radius in a semicircle.

But Lian's greatsword was already following him, making the air ring.

'Damn it! What the hell is that?'

Rai barely avoided it and clenched his teeth. He almost lost his neck.

Then Reina, who was watching the battle, rolled her feet impatiently.

As the emotions of the two clashed, the intensity of the killing intent also increased. If this goes on, one of the brothers might die.

"I can't do this! We have to end the duel."

"We can't do that. That's not what Lian or Rai oppa want."

Reina looked at Tess with a sad feeling.

"Tess, no matter how much you want to protect Lian, this is not it. Those two are fighting to kill each other. You should have stopped Lian from the beginning."

"Rai oppa is not fighting because he hates him."

Tess still remembered vividly. The day he went to Lian's dormitory with a late-night snack at the swordsmanship school, he heard a terrible moan through the door.

"Lian trained every day beyond his limit. And at night, Lian dies in pain. He said he stayed up all night biting a cloth in his mouth, trying to endure the pain as if his whole body was breaking."

Reina couldn't say anything to Tess's face, which seemed to burst into tears at any moment.

Although they were blood-related family, she didn't know what pain Lian had suffered. The only ones who could understand Lian were those who chose the path of sword like Lian.

Rai's kick hit Lian's vital point. Lian rolled on the floor and got up on his knees. He was in a state of being out of breath from hitting a vital point.

The cold air disappeared from Rai's face.

He felt that Lian's defense was getting stronger as time passed. It was because he was wrapped up in emotion. He was annoyed by that.
[Translated block]


"You idiot! Why don't you know that you're no match for him! Stop being so stubborn!"

Lian slowly got up. And he faced Rai in the same posture as before he collapsed.

"Bring it on."

"This bastard is really...!"

Rai's eyes bulged with rage. The ominous aura that emanated from his body reached the people standing outside the training ground.

Rai's movements were full of power. His fast and precise swordsmanship left marks on Lian's body, making his movements gradually slower.

The difference in skill was obvious. No matter how hard he tried, there was a gap in talent that he couldn't fill. But the more the gap became clear, the angrier Rai was.

His family was foolish to have expectations for this pathetic guy. Lian had no future. Swordsmanship without technique was just a show of strength.

"You stupid kid!"

He dodged the greatsword with a skillful move and kicked him in the neck. Lian's neck twisted like a spinning top.

He felt like his neck was broken for a moment, but his body followed his head and rose up, then crashed down with a thud.

Rai gasped for breath and glared at Lian. He looked pitiful even when he was sprawled out. He probably wouldn't regain consciousness until tomorrow.

"Heh."

Then Lian's chest moved. He slowly lifted his head and said with a grin.

"That's a ticklish attack. Do you think you can kill me with that?"

Rai was dumbfounded by Lian's resilience, who kept getting up like a zombie no matter how hard he hit him. But soon he looked at his brother with contempt and said coldly.

"Kill you? Are you worth killing?"

"Grandfather's cute youngest grandson. It's useless to kill you. You don't need to die. You just need to be beaten until you lose consciousness. Got it? You're just the youngest of a swordsmanship family, without any skill or talent. You're a crippled loser, you bastard!"

"Yeah!"

Lian crouched and shouted.

"I'm a crippled loser!"

Lian swung his sword and charged. It was an attack that would make anyone but a brave heart lose their will to approach just by hearing the wind sound.

Rai hastily raised his black sword. Bang! The greatsword slammed down, sending a shock to his knees.

Lian pressed his sword against Rai's and leaned his face forward.

When he saw Lian's mouth torn to his ears, Rai thought that maybe his brother wasn't sane.

Should he continue like this? Shouldn't he call a doctor now?

"Mock me all you want. I've heard it all my life anyway. Call me pathetic, call me inferior, scorn me, ignore me, spread rumors about me. But I..."

Lian pulled back his sword and took a full swing stance.

"I'll never stop!"

Lian's greatsword seemed to grow dozens of times bigger in Rai's eyes. His brain was shocked by imagining an overwhelming one sword, and his predicted swords were messed up.

"Yaaaaah!"

At the same time as Lian's shout, Rai's eyes fell down.

'Ankle!'

He read the trajectory of the sword too late and jumped up.

The greatsword dug into the ground and came out on the other side, lifting a wide patch of dirt like a mat.

A black line ran through the middle of the mat. It snapped in half with a crack, and Rai burst out of the dirt.

But what awaited him was another attack from Lian, who swung his greatsword again.

Rai was startled by the continuous attack that ignored his previous mobility. He spread his upper body like a bow, and felt a gust of wind brush his chin. The hairs on his body stood up.

"I can't hear anything! Even if everyone mocks me, I only move forward!"

Lian pushed Rai back with his anger.

For the first time since the duel began, Rai was in a disadvantageous situation, which surprised not only his family but also Kuan.

'Lian...'

Reina's eyes turned sad.
[Translated block]


He grew up being compared to his brother, who was two years older than him, since he was born. Honestly, even if she had picked up a sword, it didn't seem like she could beat Rai. Maybe he had used music as an excuse to pass on the burden that Cheongbal should bear to Rian.

"Cheongbal's bloodline has a lot of troublemakers from generation to generation."

Reina licked her lips and looked around Clump.

"Black hair always does their part. They are rational and cool-headed. On the other hand, Cheongbal's personality is often uncontrollable. They are eccentric and stubborn. That's why they say it's a gamble when Cheongbal becomes the head of the family."

"What are you talking about all of a sudden, grandfather is also Cheongbal?"

"Kuku, surely the existence of Cheongbal troublemaker is one of the reasons why Ogent is limited to the second class. But looking back at the history of the family, it was Cheongbal who made the name Ogent known as a sword family."

Clump glanced at Rian, who was swinging his heavy sword like a storm.

"He doesn't go around. He doesn't look back. The will to go through even if it breaks when it collides, that's Cheongbal's belief. I don't know how far Rian can go. But when he finally arrives and looks back, that road will be a straight line without an inch of distortion."

"Goaaaaaa!"

As Rian rushed in with an offensive stance, Rai couldn't even muster the courage to clash his sword.

He didn't feel like he was facing a person. He couldn't erase the feeling that something absolute was lurking behind Rian's back.

'Divine transcendence? The power of the mind?'

Rai's eyes lit up with fire.

"Don't talk nonsense!"

Rai flew like a spring and hit Rian's sword head-on. In the center of the gaze and gaze, the great sword and black sword sparkled and swirled.

After a tremendous shock was transmitted through the handle, Rai came to his senses. He was too excited without knowing it.

But his senses had already left his grip.

'What is this? There's a limit to being ignorant.'

As he pulled out the gravity outside his back and quickly retreated, Rian pounced on him like a wolf. The movement of falling in front of Rai as if a backspin was applied to the ball was not normal inertia.

As the great sword approached his nose, Rai twisted his ankle completely and rotated. At the same time, he stomped on Rian's Achilles tendon with the opposite heel.

"Kruk!"

Rai, who soared up with a twist, lowered his black sword on Rian's back, who had one knee bent. A movement performed in a state of no-mind. It was no longer a situation to think about life or death.

"Rian!"

At the same time as Tes's scream, Rian twisted his upper body.

As he swung his great sword with one hand in an abnormal posture, the black sword bounced off and Rai's arms went behind his back.

"Woah......"

Rai let out an exclamation without knowing it.

It was a posture where his center was completely collapsed. Yet he bounced off a vertical cut that carried all his weight with one hand.

'No, it's not that level.'

Rian's sword did not obey the law of action and reaction. An absolute power that ignored physical laws was embedded in every one of Rian's swords.

"Hua."

Shirone let out a breath he had been holding. His chest burned as he watched Rian push Rai one-sidedly.

"Tes."

Tes's face turned pale with tension as he looked back at Shirone.

"Rian, he really got stronger."

At Shirone's acknowledgment, Tes finally showed tears. He knew why Rian had been doing hard work until now.

He couldn't answer because his throat was clogged and just nodded his head repeatedly.

"Yaaaaa!"

Rian swung his sword in pain that felt like his whole body was breaking. Now Rai didn't back down either and blocked all the attacks that Rian threw at him.

If it was something that transcended the limits of the body, it wouldn't last long anyway. He just had to block this one time. No, just block one more time...
[Translated block]


Rai was annoyed.

'Damn it! When will this end?'

A thought flashed through his head at that moment.

'Ah...'

Rai finally realized what kind of swamp he had fallen into.

'This guy, he was an idiot.'

At the same time, Rian's greatsword swung at the black sword.

A clang sound was heard and pain twisted his finger joints. His hand opened as a cramp hit his muscles, and the black sword spun and soared into the sky.
[Translated block]