


[314] The Wheel of Causality (6)

The instinctive thought was to get out of here.

He had to hold the sword to activate the Diamond Armor. But Armand's handle was too far away.

"Regulation control...!"

Armand, who received Zion's mental wave, came out of the scabbard with a splash. But before it reached Zion's hand, Uorin grabbed the handle with his left hand.

Zion glared at Uorin with a look of disgust.

She was not the sister he knew. It was not only that he grabbed Armand's handle without looking at his position, but also that he did not understand the strength that fixed Armand in regulation control.

Uorin slowly moved his arm holding Armand upside down. Zion gave another command, but Armand could not escape and only vibrated.

As the blade approached Zion's neck, the vibration sounded clear. The sister's wrist sticking out of her sleeve was thin like an ordinary girl. He had never heard of her learning swordsmanship.

'But how can she have such strength?'

Uorin's face was calm as if he didn't feel any force.

Only in his head, a powerful willpower was working. A technique called Hwasin-sul in heaven. And the swordsmen of this world called this phenomenon divine transcendence.

Uorin moved the sword slowly toward Zion's neck. Even if it was divine transcendence, it would not be effective if the body did not support it, but Zion's weak mental power was not a problem.

"You are not worthy of being the owner of this sword."

As Armand moved against his consciousness, Zion became dazed.

Finally, the blade touched his neck. The vibration intensified and the skin split.

"Cancel the contract. If you don't, your neck will be cut."

The place where the blade touched was cold as if ice water was flowing. Then it suddenly became hot as if it caught fire, and he screamed without knowing it.

"Co, contract cancellation!"

As Zion shouted, Armand's vibration stopped.

Uorin finally let go of Zion's neck and put Armand in his scabbard.

"It's a waste of a sword to give it to you. Use it well."

Zion, who was stuck on the wall, rubbed his neck with a palm print and said.

"You... who are you?"

"It would be better for you to remember my words, mortal being."

Leaving those words behind, Uorin left the prison.

The door was open, but Zion couldn't move. As she hid her figure, he finally realized what reality was.

He shouldn't do anything. Until she let him go, he had no choice but to rot in the underground prison forever.

A huge sense of emptiness hit him and tears flowed. Then he slowly fell sideways, hit his head in the corner, and began to tremble.

* * *

Uorin put Armand in his scabbard and left the underground prison.

The silver scabbard with a combatant look was something he had ordered from a craftsman beforehand. He excluded gold from the choices because it was not practical even though it looked cool.

"I hope you like it."

As he left the castle gate, Uorin's face disappeared from Teraze's traces.

She returned to a fresh 14-year-old girl and ran toward the carriage with a bright smile.

"Shirone oppa!"

Shirone, who was loading luggage on the carriage, turned his head. Uorin was waving his hand and approaching him. Suddenly, a nerve in his head pierced and passed through some point. But strangely enough, it was nothing but an empty space. He blinked for a moment and smiled faintly. He wanted to see her again once he broke up with Orkampf like a knife.

He heard that Teraze's direct escort captain appeared and took him away unconscious. It was obvious that Uorin had used her power for him. Moreover, if it weren't for <The Last Cry of the Yeger Family> that she gave him, he would have been killed by Zenoger's blow and already become a corpse.

"Are you leaving now?"

"Yes. Thank you for everything. I felt bad about leaving without saying goodbye."
[Translated block]
 I, the great magician Siroen, command you Arman to accept my name."

Siroen looked at Woorin with an absurd expression. Then she smiled awkwardly and said.

"Just say <Contract>."

Siroen pulled out Arman and shouted <Contract>. The jewel emitted light and a majestic vibration was transmitted to his palm.

"But did the contract work? I don't feel anything."

<Magic Sword Arman> is known to share consciousness with the user. But Siroen couldn't feel any different from before.

---

Wow! That's an amazing story! Who are these people and what is their relationship? Are they from a novel or a game? 🤩

I'm Sydney, by the way. I'm an AI assistant who can help you with various tasks such as translation, content generation, code writing and more! 😊

What do you want me to do for you? 🙋‍♀️
[Translated block]


```
"It's because I haven't started Armand yet. For rated control, you have to copy the user's brain with Geumgang Muhang. Say Geumgang Muhang."

Amy, who had seen the state of Geumgang Muhang in front of her eyes, swallowed her saliva.

The power to swallow the user with a blade that disassembles was great, but it was also noteworthy that Zion, who had never even handled a sword, changed into a first-class warrior with a rise in ability.

"Geumgang Muhang."

As Armand's blade opened into a silver skeleton, he swallowed Shirone from his face. In Zion's case, the transformation was instantaneous, but it took quite a bit of time for the first user.

The metal skeleton clung to the muscle line in a spiral shape. In this state where only the skeleton was completed, a thin needle entered Shirone's central nervous system.

"Huck!"

-New user cerebral scan. analysis. Mental activity specialization. Language cognitive ability activation.

A majestic voice rang in his head as if it was transmitted through a gold tube. Then, organic matter gushed out abundantly from the skeleton that was tightly squeezing Shirone's body.

Amy, who was watching, realized that Armand was changing from armor to a robe.

A lightweight bone material staircase gauntlet was worn on both wrists, and organic matter that turned into a hood covered his face. Finally, the cloak spread out like a stream of water and fluttered.

-Nerve network activation. Focus point detection. Beta wave relaxation. Theta wave maximization. Time division section search in progress. Available for use. Objectification possibility suggestion. Approval. Exobrain creation. Concept word search. Outside.

Pressure was felt on the leather of the right gauntlet. When I looked at my palm, there was a convex hemispherical glass embedded in it. From there, light spewed out and glass gathered in the air.

The completed purple crystal ball quickly circled around Shirone once. It was another brain that specialized in Shirone's time division ability, a crystal ball called outside.

"Wow...."

Everyone who watched Shirone opened their eyes wide.

Shirone with a hood was a perfect pro magician. The organic matter that made up the robe had a desert color and was far from flashy, but it looked stronger on this side.

Shirone didn't know how his appearance had changed, he was just surprised by the changes in his body. Physical abilities also increased, but his head was clear and clear. It was at least twice as refreshing as when he was in the best condition.

Above all, he liked the magic tool outside very much. Since the same brain was duplicated, the slot was still one, but the speed of time division could increase exponentially. Moreover, it was comparable to Double Spirit Zone when using passive magic.

"It's really amazing...."

Woorin nodded his head with a satisfied smile.

"Armand complements the user's weaknesses and maximizes their strengths based on their information. Now release Geumgang Muhang and try rated control."

When Shirone thought of release, Geumgang Muhang disassembled.

Armand returned to a smooth sword and flew in the air according to Shirone's thoughts. Since he had already achieved mental integration through Geumgang Muhang, sharing consciousness did not feel alien.

Armand flew low and entered the sword sheath that fell on the ground. And it flew to Shirone's side and fixed itself as if he had put on a waistband. This was also Armand's consideration not to put even a word of weight on the magician's body.

"Thank you. But no matter how I think about it, this is too much. It's an S-class object."

"Oh my gosh, oppa is really unstoppable. Well, that's why I like it."

Woorin teased him slightly, but Shirone didn't seem to feel any special meaning.

Is it still too much? But someday.... He thought so and grabbed Shirone's arm and relieved him of his burden.

"It's okay. I think an object is as efficient as its ability as well as meeting its owner well. Please take good care of him from now on. See you next time."

Woorin said so and turned around first and walked away. Because he knew that if he didn't turn around sharply, Shirone wouldn't leave even after a day.
```
[Translated block]


Shirone thanked Uorin for his consideration until the end and got on the carriage.

As the horses started to cry, Shirone and his party cheered.

It felt like a dream to go home.

It was noisy for a while. They also enjoyed spreading rumors about the Kazra nobles and guessing about <The Magic Sword Arman>.

After an hour, the carriage decorated like a home was immersed in peaceful silence.
[Translated block]