


[349] The Prosecutor's Belief (1)

Shirone arrived in Bashuka, the capital of Tormia.

Shirone couldn't take her eyes off the sight that shone through the window of the carriage. The streets were neatly paved and the people's clothes were colorful and emphasized their individuality.

As they entered the center, there were buildings so high that they seemed to pierce the sky. Shirone checked the names of the institutions that she had only read in books.

The Alchemy Foundation, the Prosecutor's Association, the Supreme Court.

Finally, they arrived at a building with a lofty name, the Magic Association.

The 18-story building was like a tower. It was a huge tower. The first floor alone was big enough to fit several noble mansions.

Shirone looked up to find the top of the tower and closed her eyes at the reflected sunlight. The front was shiny like glass and she couldn't dare to look up.

"Let's go in. This is the Magic Association."

Kang Nan paid the fare to the coachman and passed Shirone and said.

When they reached the entrance, the guards turned to Kang Nan and bowed 90 degrees. They were the gatekeepers of the Magic Association, so even the guards were quite skilled.

But Shirone knew that everyone who worked here was a magician.

It was a sacred place for magic, where only those who were recognized as the strongest of their peers could enter, regardless of their rank.

Shirone, who encountered a revolving door for the first time, looked up and walked timidly. Then she arrived at the hall as if she was pushed by the glass window. The receptionist at the central front desk greeted the nobles with a smiling face and guided them to their departments.

Kang Nan went to an elevator not far from the entrance. A capsule-shaped elevator was moving up and down in a glass tube without a break.

'It moves by air pressure. It's very convenient.'

Kang Nan looked at the floor where the elevator stopped and turned his steps to the stairs as if he didn't like it. Shirone felt sorry but had no choice but to follow him.

The stairs were wide enough for 20 people to walk side by side. There were four staircases and they were curved like a spiral.

When they reached the third floor, a monotonous scenery of only corridors and offices unfolded.

Next to an office with a sign that said Foreign Affairs Department, a young woman was standing.

She was Ravid Flu, the manager of security department on the third floor of Magic Association.

She was shorter than average and had long blue hair down to her waist. Her skin was white and her lips were red, so she looked scary from afar, but when she got closer, she had a mischievous look and not an ugly face.

She held a magic wand in both hands and leaned on her hips. The wand was thin and had a splendid phoenix decoration at the end with a thick crystal ball embedded in it.

Flu moved first and greeted Kang Nan.

"Hello, deputy secretary-general. Did you solve your assignment well?"

"So-so. How about President Gaold?"

"He left this morning and is currently out."

Kang Nan frowned as if he was embarrassed.

"Where did he go?"

"I don't know that well either. I heard it would take about three days."

"Oh no, why today..."

Kang Nan's mission was not set with a deadline, so it was inevitable.

He couldn't just make Shirone wait indefinitely, who came from outside. He was lost in thought when Flu pointed at Shirone and asked.

"By the way, who is this boy...?"

"Oh, he's President Gaold's guest. It's troublesome. I don't have a proper place for Shirone to stay."

"A guest?"

Flu looked at Shirone incredulously.

She had been working at the association for two years and there weren't many people who came as Gaold's guests so secretly. Most of them were top envoys from other countries or high-ranking politicians who made her tremble just by hearing their names. She had to hire dedicated chefs as well as clean up the entire association.

'Then maybe?'

A thought crossed Flu's mind.

He might be related to Project. Kang Nan asked her where Gaold was as soon as he saw her, which gave her a feeling that he wanted to avoid other departments' eyes.
[Translated block]


```
"It won't be. How can such a young child participate in the project?"

Even Flue, who claimed to be a member of the elite Gaold squad, which was extremely rare in the association, was only on the outermost boundary line in this project.

It was impossible for a younger boy than him to assist Gaold.

"Who the hell is he? Is he a relative of the chairman of the association?"

Anyway, Shirone's first impression could not be very good.

The common feature of the people who follow Gaold, who has a strange personality, is that they want to be recognized by him. He felt a rival feeling for no reason to the boy who came to visit the chairman of the magic association, whom he could not even oppose.

Kang Nan, who had been adjusting the schedule, said to Shirone.

"Shirone, how about staying here for a while? I have to go out right away. Flue, can you take care of Shirone until the chairman arrives?"

"Oh, of course...."

As Flue was about to speak, Shirone looked back at Kang Nan and said.

"Excuse me, can I go somewhere for a while?"

"Huh? Where?"

"I have a friend living in the capital. I'll stay there and come back."

Kang Nan made a sound of hmm and thought.

It would be best for Shirone to stay at the association, but it wouldn't hurt to sneak out. Rather, it was a good way to get out of the eyes of other departments.

"Okay, then go ahead. But I hope you keep security."

"Yes, don't worry about that."

Flue was more curious as he listened to their conversation.

Kang Nan is a meticulous person when it comes to work, except when dealing with Gaold. It's not an ordinary matter if you're going to oppose the chairman of the magic association. But he couldn't understand what he trusted in the security of a boy who wasn't even twenty years old.

"Is he royalty or something? Who is he asking for personal matters from the secretary general of the magic association?"

Contrary to Flue's expectation, Kang Nan didn't care much. Anything that more than two people know is not confidential. He brought Shirone as instructed, and from then on it was Gaold's job.

"Then come back here when you're done. You have to come within three days. When you come to the association, look for Flue here."

Kang Nan also said to Flue.

"Flue, when Shirone comes, take him to the chairman right away. In a quiet place as much as possible. Of course I'll take care of it myself, but just in case I'm away."

Flue bowed his head politely.

"Yes, I understand."

And he quickly racked his brain.

'Shirone? Then he's not royalty. I've heard that name somewhere. Where did I hear it?'

He felt something hanging on the edge of his memory, but it was still vague.

Kang Nan put his palm on Shirone's back and turned his body.

"Come on, let's go. I'll take you outside."

Shirone looked back and forth between Kang Nan and Flue and quickly bowed his head.

"Oh, yes. Then goodbye."

Flue nodded lightly and stared at Shirone with sharp eyes.

It was definitely a name he knew. He just didn't have a face because he didn't know him.

'Well, I'll find out if I look it up.'

Flue waited in the hallway until Kang Nan disappeared and quickly turned around.

* * *

Shirone came out of the magic association through the revolving door and realized that he had come to Bashuka as he saw the golden street swaying.

Kang Nan checked the time and frowned as if it was awkward.

"I'm sorry but I have another job. Do you know where your friend lives? Can you find it yourself?"

"Yes. I know the address. I can ask around. If I can't find it, I'll take a carriage."

"Okay. See you in three days."

Kang Nan turned his body easily.

He wasn't worried anyway. It doesn't make sense that the best aspiring magician in the kingdom can't find one way.

Kang Nan went out to the main street and raised his hand and a luxury carriage stopped right away. When he opened the door, he saw a gentleman with a mustache and a lady already seated. Kang Nan jumped up without hesitation and soon the carriage started.
```
[Translated block]


Shirone looked around and raised his hand when the next carriage came. A blue light carriage stopped.

As he opened the door and entered, a girl with a dimple smiled at Shirone.

"Uh... Excuse me."

Shirone was embarrassed.

It was natural to share a seat in Bashuka, but it was unfamiliar to Shirone to stay in a narrow space with a stranger. Especially if the seatmate was a girl of the same age.

"Come on, get in. Where are you going?"

"Oh, I'm going to the palace."

"That's good. You don't have to turn around."

Shirone sat down on the opposite side of the carriage as he felt the mood. He told the coachman the exact location and turned around, and the girl smiled with her eyes and covered her mouth.

"Why are you doing that?"

"You're not from the capital, are you?"

"Ah, yes. Did it show?"

"People in Bashuka never look around when they share a seat. Don't misunderstand. I didn't mean that you're rustic or anything like that. You're actually pretty cool, you know."

Shirone blushed and bowed his head. He was not used to this kind of thing, as he was with Marsha.

On the other hand, the girl led the conversation skillfully as if it were everyday.

She was twenty years old and a student preparing for a diplomatic exam. She had two boyfriends, one younger and one eighteen-year-old businessman.

Shirone listened to her story with his mind loose.

Then, once, she asked him something with a nuance of whether he could meet separately. But when Shirone's focus wavered, she coolly laughed and didn't ask again.

"Well, bye. It was nice to meet you."

"Yes. Have a good day."

Shirone's face left on the street after the carriage left had changed from dull to pale in 30 minutes.

It was second to being talkative, but the cultural shock was too much to bear. He didn't think that everyone in the capital had the same personality, but he finally realized where Dante's free-spirited way of thinking came from.

'Phew, my head hurts already. The capital is definitely different.'

Shirone entered a luxury residential complex.

Reina's mansion was located where the Les Mountains flowed like rapids and the royal spire was visible. It was much smaller than the main house, but still luxurious.

"Well, Reina is a court musician after all."

When he arrived at the gate, the attendants who had accompanied him to Kazra Castle recognized Shirone.

"Huh? Isn't it Shirone? What brings you here?"

"How have you been? I came to see Rian. The swordsmanship school is on break now."

"That's true, but..."

He trailed off as if something was suspicious.

The attendants looked at each other and then one of them turned around.

"Please wait a moment. I'll be right back."

It was rude to leave Shirone, a guest of the Ogent family, at the gate. He didn't feel bad, but he couldn't erase his curiosity.

The butler Louis came out of the mansion. He had an arrogant look that pushed Shirone away, but unlike before, he greeted him with a friendly smile.

"Welcome. It's been a while since I saw you in Kazra."

"Yes, thank you very much for that time. But why are you here?"

"Well, since the old man works here, I often go back and forth between the main house and here. Come on in."

Shirone followed Louis and asked.

"Is there something wrong? The atmosphere is a bit strange."

"That's... You'll see when you go inside."

Reina's mansion was much larger inside than it looked from outside.

There were two women standing in front of Clump's room, one of whom was Reina and the other was an unexpected person.

"Huh?"

"Shirone!"

Tes, who looked like she was about to cry, brightened up and ran over to him. And she hit Shirone's shoulder with her two fists and shouted.

"What, what, what? How did you get here?"

Shirone greeted Reina first and then looked back at Tes.
[Translated block]
"Haha! I had some work in the capital, so I came to see Lian's face. Did you finish school safely?"

"Um, that's..."

At this point, Shirone started to get frustrated.

"What's wrong? Did something really happen?"

Reina asked with a serious expression.

"Lian dropped out of school."

"What? Dropped out?"
[Translated block]