


```text
Groggy (5)

"I'll talk."

Canis walked over to Dorothy's side.

"If the temple only needs minerals, why does it matter if it's not this place?"

Iruki answered obediently.

"That's right."

"Then why are you kicking us out? This place is historically important ruins. Besides, our team is running this project by emptying our savings."

"I know there's compensation?"

"That's not the problem."

It was a matter of emotion, not substance.

"Don't you have to convince us at least? Why are you so strict when you can use the whole mountain range?"

"The temple is busy. They won't set a limit on the amount of mining, and they don't have time to worry about your situation."

Canis understood Iruki's mind, who didn't want to leave even a 0.1 percent variable.

"In other words, we are annoying and troublesome?"

"You could say that."

Anger flashed in Canis' eyes.

"Ho-ho, really. You've grown a lot, Iruki."

The escort knights behind him drew their swords at the same time, and a terrible aura spread.

"What the hell?!"

Closer and Sabina entered the spirit zone, but they already realized in their heads.

'Really strong.'

It was as if they were suffocating from the momentum of the group.

"Canis, it's no use." Arin said.

"Iruki won't change his mind."

The appearance of Iruki seen through the super-view was a huge flame burning with life as fuel.

'It's different from risking your life.'

It was a feeling that his will to do it no matter what transcended life by far.

"Tsk! You're lucky."

Canis withdrew his aura, and Closer and Sabina also released the spirit zone.

It was a very miserable atmosphere.

"Do you have to say it like that?" Dorothy asked.

"You can explain nicely. Ask for help, ask for understanding. We're not strangers... Iruki looked at her.

The 4-dimensional girl who liked fantasy had now become a dignified adult leading the team.

"You've changed a lot."

The outfit that boldly exposed his bare chest, and the direct attitude of speaking were different from before.

"No, I was wrong."

Of course, many things change as you grow older.

But because they shared the same time, there were things that could never change.

"The outside world is a tough place. I'm not as stubborn as I used to be. But I'm still going for my dream. Canis too, Arin too, Closer and Sabina too, they all have the same dreams they had in school."

"Then let's say I changed."

"You did that to me!" Dorothy shouted.

"There are no adults in the world. There are only children and children who imitate adults."

"The truth is, you still have it in your heart. But why do you say that? As if you're really an adult."

It was sad.

Although he was calculating, Iruki remembered him as a child who knew what was really important.

"...I'm sorry, but I don't have time for this."

Only Arin knew the real meaning of the words that he had no time.

'Iruki is right, Dorothy.'

He didn't know what was wrong with his body, but he was already a super-viewer who had given up on life.

'And yet he doesn't reveal it... because he wants to be dignified in front of his friends.

'I would have done the same.'

That's why she had to keep silent even in a situation where her classmates were hostile.

"Really? No time?"

Dorothy turned her body sharply and walked to Hikari 19th Street and lay down on her back.

"Break it! We can never get out of the way! Step on it or kill it, do whatever you want!"

Dorothy's face looked sad as she closed her eyes.

'Bad child.'

It would be okay if it was someone else, but Iruki shouldn't do this to himself.
```
[Translated block]


'Dorothy, how much I longed for this meeting...

Sabina, who understood her feelings, lay down next to Dorothy and shouted.

"Yeah! Kill us, kill us, kill us!"

Aromi pushed up her glasses and said.

"I will arrest you
[Translated block]


If it was a joke, it was vicious.

"What, what are you talking about? Where in the world do you die just because you use your head a little?"

"It's not a dangerous level. Maybe I can hold out quite well. But I'm the core brain that's needed for the temple, and I have no intention of stopping. If I keep overdriving like this, maybe..."

Iruki made a bang sound and pretended to explode.

"No."

Dorothy shook her head.

"That can't be."

He was a precious friend who had missed so much.

"Haha! Don't be scared. I'm still holding on, aren't I?"

Still, that was the case.

"To be honest, it's comfortable to say it. I can't get weak. I'm responsible for so many lives. Oh, Hickory 19 that you made was cool. You improved it a lot, didn't you?"

Dorothy frowned.

"Why are you so stupid? You haven't changed at all, neither in the past nor now!"

Iruki gave a bitter smile.

"Anyway, help me out. You're the team leader, so convince your team members..."

Before he finished speaking, Dorothy grabbed Iruki's collar and threw him onto the bed.

"I told you I didn't come here to talk about work. I need an answer no matter what."

She took off her shoes and climbed onto the bed, putting Iruki's face between her legs and bending her knees.

She was wearing short jeans that exposed her thighs.

"
[Translated block]