


[246] 6. Magic Clash (6)

Dante was confused. He didn't expect a friendly attitude, but he hoped for some special reaction when he greeted the national champion. But Amy just gave him a normal compliment like she did to other juniors.

"Is that all? Honestly, I want to hear some praise. The result is obvious, I will win anyway."

Serielle, who was angry at his words, grabbed Amy and Shirone's wrists and forced them to hold hands.

"Don't be ridiculous! You should be happy that she said that much to your opponent. Amy is on Shirone's side no matter what, so wake up!"

It was the first time Dante heard that. Come to think of it, he never asked who Shirone's girlfriend was. He didn't look like someone who would get along with girls.

"Is that true, Amy-senpai?"

"Yes. It's true."

Dante's face turned sour at Amy's confirmation.

"Shirone! Dante! Over here! We need to do an interview, so hurry up!"

A staff member from the teacher's association called them. It was scheduled to do an interview before the duel.

Shirone followed the staff member and said.

"Then I'll be back. See you later. Don't go ahead and wait."

Dante silently walked behind Shirone. He didn't feel like provoking him since he felt like he got punched in the face. How could Amy date someone like Shirone, a country bumpkin?

'Well, she will be my girl eventually. I'll give her a taste of defeat in this duel.'

He wasn't the type to flaunt his girls like Closer, but having a beautiful and smart girl by his side made him look better.

In that sense, Amy was the girl who suited him best. She was not in the same league as a rural kid.

Dante couldn't help but stare at Shirone.

He had been collecting information from various sources, but everyone he asked said Shirone was the best.

What impressed him most was that they didn't seem hurt or annoyed by saying that.

'How can this naive guy be the best? Does he still have something hidden?'

Canis told him not to mess with Shirone. Iruki said only Shirone could control him.

Amy, the school's top genius, was Shirone's girlfriend.

Mark and Maria didn't lose their respect for Shirone even in front of Dante.

At that moment... his heart started beating. It was a kind of nervousness he had never experienced before.

He didn't know anything. The more information he got, the more blurred Shirone became.

Who on earth is Shirone?

Dante arrived at the back of the practice field with a troubled mind. The teachers' interview was not over yet, and Klein was asking questions while the video recorder was recording.

Sard's face became more and more like a blank sheet of paper as questions came in. He thought his skin might become transparent and his bones might show up.

"I think the odds of Dante and Shirone are 5 to 5. But if there are variables, I would say 6 to 4."

"I see. Thank you."

Klein turned away as if there was nothing more to see. The content was low in nutritional value, and there was no use in capturing the face of a nervous person.

Besides, 5 to 5? In her opinion, Dante was 10 and Shirone was 0. Of course, she would send out an article as 9 to 1.

Klein approached Etella, who was waiting for her turn. She also seemed clumsy in this situation for the first time.

"Aha ha! That's right. Shirone is such a nice kid. Oh, Dante is also a great student. I hope everyone gets along well and has a good relationship, ahahaha!"

"......Yes. I understand. Thank you for your good words."

Klein ended the interview in one stroke and Etella sighed with relief. Sard, who realized he had screwed up, came over to Etella and pretended to cry.

Their article would never be published.


I apologize if there are any errors or inaccuracies in my translation. Please let me know if you have any questions or feedback about it.🙇‍♀️
[Translated block]


```
Kline was getting annoyed. He had prepared for the five prestigious schools, but every teacher he met had no sense.

He hoped that Shiina would live up to his expectations, and if not, he decided to throw away the teacher interviews altogether.

"Hello, Mr. Shiina. I'm Kline from the Teacher's Conference."

"Yes, I'm Oliver Shiina."

Shiina nodded his head coldly towards the video recorder.

Kline's eyes sparkled as if he had finally caught something.

'Oh, he has a good personality and a good expression. I can get him.'

Shiina answered the incoming questions without hesitation. He had no reason to be nervous as he conveyed his thoughts as they were.

"Thank you for your kind words. Then I'll ask you one more question. You were the judge today. Dante and Shirone, who do you think is the winner?"

Asking a teacher about their student's victory or defeat was a cruel thing, but this was Kline's job.

The more cruel it was, the more fun it was for the viewers. The students across the country bought the academic journal to read such articles.

Shiina thought for a moment and answered calmly.

"Personally, I think Dante has the advantage. About 7 to 3? But whoever wins, it doesn't determine the level of a magician. It is an outdated and barbaric idea to limit magic to combat."

"Ah... I see. Thank you for the interview today."

Shiina bowed lightly and disappeared out of the focus of the video recorder. His refined exit made Sade even more depressed. On the other hand, Etella exclaimed.

"Wow, that's amazing. I would be too nervous to say anything."

"Tsk, he's from the Oliver school. How would he know the desperation of a nameless teacher like me?"

"Hehe, no way. Mr. Sade did well too."

Etella patted his back. But Sade, who had watched her interview, was not comforted at all.

Kline finally approached today's protagonists.

The priority was Dante first and Shirone later.

Considering the time left until the duel, finishing the interview first would give them a chance to calm their minds.

"Dante, can you do well today? I'll write a cool article for you, so please show me something flashy."

"Haha! Don't worry. When have I ever been not flashy?"

"How can you speak so beautifully? Then let's start the interview."

Kline's smile disappeared and serious questions followed. Dante also answered skillfully with his unique wit. He seemed to know even the angle that made his face look good.

"Yes, it was according to Master Olivia's will. Spreading the advanced magic of the capital to the local community is a good way to narrow the gap between magic schools."

"Oh my, but isn't that a loss for you?"

"Haha! No, it's not. If the overall level goes up, I get more excited. And after this semester, I'll be in the graduation class. It's time to become a pro."

"As expected from the best prospect in the kingdom, you have a confident statement. Then finally, you have overwhelmed countless opponents with an overwhelming gap so far, but what about today's duel? Can we expect it?"

"Well, Shirone is an Unrocker. And he has talent too. It will probably be a good match. But as always, I am the winner. I will show you the essence of information magic today."

"Thank you for the interview. I hope for a good result. Now, let's continue with Shirone-kun's interview. Shirone-kun, can you come over here?"

"Ah, yes!"

Shirone thought he would have time to prepare after Dante finished, but he was caught off guard and came to his senses. He felt the teachers' feelings as he stood in front of the video recorder.

Especially Dante's interview was hypocritical enough to praise his opponent. Shirone couldn't figure out whether he should say what Kline wanted to hear or his honest feelings.
```
[Translated block]


```text
"Uh... well. Yes. I entered the magic school this year."

"So the rumor was true! There was a reason why Dante recognized you as his opponent. Then, what do you think of Dante? You got a chance to compete with the best student in the kingdom, do you feel lucky?"

Most of the questions from Kline were related to Dante. But Shirone had no chance to feel dissatisfied. He was overwhelmed by just thinking of an answer to her pressing gaze.

"Ah, yes. I don't like fighting, but getting this opportunity is a good thing."

Kline sighed inwardly.

'How can you say good twice? You sound awkward. This kid has no star quality.'

There was no one who beat Dante, but there were quite a few students who made their names known by clinging to his charisma.

But Shirone was an unmistakable country boy. He looked decent and seemed edible if he dressed up, but he couldn't appeal to the girls of Bashuka with this clumsy attitude.

Dante, who was listening to Shirone's interview, turned his body as if he had nothing more to see.

Meanwhile, Kline threw the last question.

"I can't help but ask Shirone's opinion. Most experts predict Shirone's defeat, what do you think about that?"

"Uh... I can't acknowledge Dante."

Kline's smiling face lost emotion and only the shape remained. Dante also stopped his steps and looked back.

"Dante seems to not know what is really important. I don't care how much he made his name in the capital or who he beat to get here. A magician is not a magician who simply ignites fire and freezes water. It is the spirit of pursuing intelligence, that is magic. No matter how great a magic he casts, I don't think I can lose to a magician whose mind is distorted from the start. No, I will never lose to such a magician."

Even Kline, who had experienced all kinds of situations, missed the timing by 0.5 seconds after Shirone's bomb declaration.

Her words followed belatedly.

"Wow, wow! The challenger's spirit is amazing! I hope Shirone has a good result too. This was Kline, a special correspondent for the Teachers' Association."

Dante fixed his eyes on Shirone who was moving away. The steel-like spirit hidden behind the awkwardness. It seemed to sway here and there, but it did not change as much as its shape. Flexibility.

'So that's you.'

Dante began to see Shirone for the first time.

The audience seats were full.&nbsp;

The front row was occupied by teachers and only two seats in the center were empty. It was obvious who would sit there without looking.

"Hehehe, as expected, Principal Olivia has great skills."

The teachers stood up at the appearance of Alpheus and Olivia.

The students behind them also stood up without knowing why, and the skyline of the crowd swayed like waves.

Alpheus, who sat in his seat, looked around and seemed to have a good idea. He grabbed the armrest of his chair and pulled it forward.

"I can't see well because of my eyes. I have to see it up close."

He made everyone in the first row into the second row with absurd behavior that made Olivia blush and approach him.

"What are you doing? It's embarrassing in front of everyone."

"Kuku, don't do that and come forward. I can see well."

"Am I crazy? Do you want me to act like you?"

"Then don't mind me and go back."

Alpheus acted like a rogue and Olivia snorted. Then she turned coldly and sat next to Alpheus with her chair pulled over.

If she left him alone, there might be an article saying that Alpheus went senile.

Alpheus lifted his leg and put it on the opposite knee, waiting for the match in a crooked posture. Olivia frowned at his appearance that displeased her from one to ten.

"Sit properly. You're a principal or something. Do you think this is some underground fighting arena?"

"Kuku, my blood is boiling after a long time."

"What are you going to do if your blood boils when you get old? Anyway, men are like that. Our picture will be published in academic journals. Get up quickly. Sit nicely."
```

Do you want me to explain anything about the text or the translation process?
[Translated block]


Then Alpheus lay down his upper body and put his arm on the handle and chin. Olivia glared coldly at him, thinking that he never listened to her words even when he was a disciple. On the other hand, Alpheus's eyes seemed to be burning. She pouted her lips as she was lost in old memories for a moment from his appearance.

"Don't tell me you're expecting something? It's a confrontation that Dante can't help but win anyway."

"Don't you know that? And I'm not sitting here to cheer for anyone. I think it's a good result if Siron loses."

"What kind of nonsense is that?"
[Translated block]