


- "I think... it would be nice to spend some time together outside of school. We're always busy with studies or missions or other things. Don't you want to relax and have fun with me?"
- "I think... you need a break from everything. You've been working so hard lately
[Translated block]


"No, that's enough. Wait outside. I'll get ready and go out. If you tell Dad you're going there, he'll have a carriage ready for you."

"Okay, I'll wait downstairs."

Shirona came out faster than expected, and Shakora and Isis looked at her with a curious expression.

But they soon agreed with Shirona's words.

"Ho, the ruins of the Ice Queen......"

Shakora recalled the memories of his youth.

When he was dating Isis, he also chose the ruins of the Ice Queen as a date course and took her there.

"It's a beautiful place. Romantic."

"Yes, I heard that. But it takes a little time to see everything."

Shakora laughed.

"That's part of the charm. That you can't come back in a day. Okay, go ahead. Have a carriage ready for you. If you leave now, you'll be able to get there by tomorrow morning."

Shirona sighed with relief inside.

From a parent's point of view, it was worrying to send their daughter with a man. But Shakora went one step further and gave some advice.

"When you get to the old castle, look for a place called Snow Crystal. My wife and I stayed there too. You'll be able to make some good memories."

Isis looked at her husband with a dumbfounded expression.

She seemed to want to say something, but she missed the timing because Amy came out of the room.

"Shirona, let's go. Dad, I'll be back from the winter festival."

Amy, wearing a red winter coat with rabbit fur, came down the stairs and said.

She had dried her hair so fast that smoke was still rising from her frizzy hair.

Knowing that she was not the type to dress up usually, Isis was quite surprised by her daughter's transformation.

Shirona also looked at Amy for a moment, who looked much more mature than she did at school.

Then he came to his senses and greeted his parents.

"Then I'll be back."

"Okay, be careful."

It took more than 10 hours to get to the Lest Mountains, so they had to run hard from now on to get there in the morning.

As Shirona and Amy left the mansion, Isis narrowed her eyes and asked her husband.

"Snow Crystal?"

"What? What's wrong with that?"

"Are you kidding me? Have you forgotten how we got married? I got tangled up with you there because of that...!"

"Ha ha! Did you? Anyway, you liked it too."

Isis put her hands on her hips and snorted. Apparently Shakora didn't know how serious the situation was.

"What were you thinking?"

"If you're going to use shock therapy anyway, it's better to do it right. When blood rushes to your head and then comes down, your mind clears up."

"And then? What if it doesn't come down?"

"That's Amy's problem to decide. She's eighteen years old, an adult. It's her body, not anything else. She can take care of herself."

Isis shook her head vigorously.

The Carmis family trait of red eyes showed the best talent in any field they chose. That's why the family has created a culture that values human free will and avoids restraint or discipline.

If talent is left alone, it will succeed in whatever it chooses.

The vast spectrum of almost all occupations that their family members are engaged in is the greatest strength of the Carmis family.

The moment rules and oppression come in, talent is blocked.

Shakora, who knew this better than anyone else, had let Amy loose since she was young, and so she had gone astray for a while.

But this was the history of red eyes, and Isis had no choice but to accept it.

"You're confident you can handle it, right? If you say anything later or say something to Amy, I'll be really angry."

"Handle it? Why do I have to do that?"

Shakora opened the newspaper hard and took a reading position. He had long erased his daughter's thoughts from his mind.
[Translated block]


```
"Sydney should do it."

* * *

Heaven's Northern Hemisphere.

Permafrost tundra.

In heaven, they call it Opterus.

It was an electromagnetic pattern that floated in the cold wind of the north for eternity.

The pattern of information exchange is almost infinite, which means that it is a divine being in some sense.

But Opterus could not become a god.

The environment of heaven was a boring and dull space with no stimulation for Opterus, who originated from the tundra.

Without stimulation, there is no learning.

It was the same logic as a baby abandoned in the mountains becoming a beast if he does not leave the mountains for his entire life.

So Opterus lived for a long time, repeating only meaningless and simple information exchanges.

Then one day, a crack appeared in the space-time of the maze.

A small change that living things could not even feel.

But for Opterus, it was as thrilling and huge as birth and death.

Aurora spread over the tundra with the huge magnetic field that Opterus emitted.

A three-second crack in the space-time of the maze.

Opterus broke through the gap and escaped to a new world.

The first destination was the Lesh mountain range.

The electromagnetic network that made up him quickly absorbed and learned from the unfamiliar environment like the brain of a newborn baby.

The place where Opterus could get the most information was the ruins located in the middle of the Lesh mountain range.

There were many humans walking around, and they were all spreading information like explosions.

At a level that he didn't even realize himself, Opterus followed his instincts and sucked up all the information.

The electronic network flashed with infinite patterns and pioneered new areas.

* * *

Sydney and Amy, who arrived at the Lesh mountain range at dawn, ate their meals in a carriage and arrived at the ticket office of the old ruins among the crowd.

The entrance to the ticket office was also crowded with tourists.

They waited in line, bought tickets, and entered. Sydney opened her eyes wide at the sight in front of her.

"Wow......"

The old ruins were perfectly repaired with ice instead of stone or soil.

As sunlight reflected, all the scenery that reflected in her eyes sparkled like diamonds.

Even Amy, who was cheerful, turned red in front of this scenery.

Sydney was satisfied.

She had been embarrassed from the start when she took him to Galliant ruins. It wasn't enough to fight with Parrot Mercenary Corps, she even had to go to heaven and almost die.

She vowed to have a fun trip this time to make up for her hardships at that time.

"Let's go. It'll be fun."

Sydney and Amy walked along the snowfield.

The rainbow bridge connecting towers, railings along walls, stairs installed inside castles were all made of ice.

'That's why they call it a winter festival.'

Because structures would collapse when temperature rose, they had no choice but to close ruins as soon as early spring came.

And then summer came eventually. The ice melted and disappeared, leaving only remnants of an unpleasant castle behind.

As if winter memories were summer night dreams.

"Sydney, let's eat that."

Amy pointed to a makeshift stall. They were selling ice candy, a specialty of winter festival.

Sydney put cold ice candy in her mouth and chewed. It was made by mixing snow with strawberry syrup and freezing it. The crunchy texture and sweet strawberry flavor were delicious.

"Okay, we bought something to eat. Where should we start?"

"We have to go see Ice Queen first."

Amy took Sydney to main castle.

Main castle was one of places where loss was less in ruins. It had 120 square hall with stairs on both sides. The left staircase collapsed long ago and was repaired by carving ice.

Wouldn't it be strange if ice didn't melt enough to be warm? It was definitely warmer than outside because people were gathered.
```
[Translated block]


Shirone and Amy entered the hallway on the 1.5th floor that connected the stairs of the two wings. The Ice Queen was sitting in the place where the central railing protruded toward the hall.

Shirone approached the Ice Queen. A beautiful woman was standing with her eyes closed inside a huge block of ice.
[Translated block]