


[644] Dead End (4)

"Wait a minute! Wait, wait a minute!"

Before Arte's answer came out, Amy hastily reached out her hand.

"Shirone, why are you really like this? Are you doing this because you don't know what situation you're in?"

"I know. But just because my situation isn't good doesn't mean I want to do something I don't want."

"You don't want it. It's the Ivory Tower, the Ivory Tower. The place all magicians dream of."

"But I can't follow what's wrong."

"Not right......,"

Arte lowered her fan and revealed her face.

"That's an interesting opinion. What are you thinking?"

"Car numbers mean perfection. But what you did, who speaks of perfection, was ultimately suppression by force."

She couldn't understand Arte's judgment to blow Laiman away just because there was no time.

"Hmm, it looked like you didn't like it."

"I don't like it. But it's not a matter of emotion. If the strong is the truth, what is different from the White Line and the other lines?"

Tokei shrugged his shoulders.

"Kuku, I told you. It's different from the profile."

Arte, who was convinced, snapped her fan and drew a virtual vertical line on the table.

"Okay. Let me explain it this way. Humans belong to the law of number 3 in that they choose good and evil. This 3's vertex can be called a constructor. But Shirone, we are not constructors. We are beings that correspond to 4, the number of laws, intelligence. In other words, we are not beings that choose good and evil."

"Then what is the Ivory Tower?"

"It is a being that distinguishes the good and evil of good and evil. Is good really good? Is evil really evil? So, the most essential thing in the law of number 4 is endless criticism. And what this means is......"

Arte stood up from her seat and offered a handshake.

"Congratulations again. Mr. Shirone is fully qualified to take the test of the Ivory Tower."

Friends asked with a puzzled look.

"Huh?"

On the other hand, Shirone stared at the hand Arte had extended, then shook his head as if he couldn't believe it.

"If I had obediently taken the test from the beginning, would I not have been given the opportunity?"

"In my case, yes. As I said earlier, there is no such standard in Car. Candidates who received the notice from residents other than me may not have taken this test."

Arte smiled.

"That's what the Ivory Tower is. Being a star means being able to criticize anything, and I just tried to criticize Mr. Shirone in my own way. Just as Mr. Shirone criticized me and the Ivory Tower a little while ago."

'Ah ha.'

Amy understood a little bit about what Car was.

"Therefore, the residents of the Ivory Tower support the judgment of the stars. Even if the opinions are different, they believe it is a conclusion that came out at the end of harsh self-criticism. Is the strong the truth? If some resident has come to that conclusion, it is also close to perfection."

Arte grabbed Shirone's hand and shook it.

"Receive the title of a star. The Ivory Tower does not impose any ideology on you. It's just about sharing what you've criticized with your intellect with the world."

Shirone's heart started to beat roughly.

Only the critical conclusion drawn through intellect, the thought of wanting to go towards 100% Car.

"Wait. Here's something to go over......"

Iruki stepped forward.

"Anyway, since he became a candidate for the Ivory Tower, we can see that Shirone has some qualifications, right?"

"Of course. Even if Shirone refuses, the door of the Ivory Tower is always open."

"Then what about the contract conditions? You can't just accept the proposal without such a thing, right?"

Tokei said.

"If you're talking about salary, the Ivory Tower doesn't have a salary. However, if it's funds needed for mission performance, we can support as much as you want."
[Translated block]


This time, even Amy was unexpected.

"Do you really have no conservatism?"

"Because it's not necessary. Gaining the trust of the Ivory Tower residents means that you can criticize anything, and you already have full access to public facilities of all countries in the world by agreement. If you're hungry, go to a public institution and eat, and if you need something, talk to a king or bureaucrat. They will supply you with the fastest route."

"Wow, it's really crazy."

Nate also felt what the Ivory Tower was when he heard about the effective privilege.

If he had been offered this, he might have been able to revive his dream of becoming a wizard.

'Well, that's why it's not possible.'

Nate's car was far inferior to Shiron.

"Of course, it's only after receiving the title of the star. No privileges are provided to the candidates. The first thing to do is to build trust in the car before becoming a star."

Of course, it would be, but Iruki wanted to gain a little benefit through this opportunity.

"Do you know the situation Shiron is in now?"

"No, I don't know."

A 3-star resident didn't need to know about the candidate's situation.

"What do you think about the fact that the Kingdom of Thormia is framing Shiron and preventing him from graduating?"

"If you don't graduate, you will. The Ivory Tower doesn't care about anything other than the car. All Shiron has to do is find La Enemy and come to the Ivory Tower."

Amy said.

"But it's too much. The third place is a royal family, so the network will be great, and the second place is a wizard's license, but if it goes like this, Shiron has to travel as a civilian. It's not unfair, but you can help him acquire the qualifications he could have had originally."

"Hmm."

Arte thought while tapping his head with a fan.

"Okay. Do you just need to graduate?"

Shiron obediently nodded.

"Yes. Even if you have a non-official wizard's license, it will be much easier to travel."

He didn't want to be greedy now, but he wanted to have a graduation certificate from a magic school where many memories were stored.

"I see. I'll talk about it."

Arte stood up and Tokei climbed on his shoulder and looked back at Shiron.

"Be sure to become the 28th star. Wouldn't it feel good to be the person we announced?"

"Yes, I'll do my best."

When Arte and Tokei went outside, the students who had been rustling outside the building all closed their mouths at once.

The teachers also had tense faces, but Arte looked around calmly as if he was used to this situation.

Then he sent a signal to Laiman, who was sitting like a refugee and receiving treatment, to come by flicking his fan.

"Yes, yes!"

Although he was not in good health, he moved as quickly as possible and lay down at Arte's feet.

The concept that had been out for a while due to regret for his daughter's tuition fees returned after being hit by Arte's magic.

"Did you call me, the nail of wisdom?"

"From now on, Mr. Shiron will take the test of the Ivory Tower. Make sure there are no problems with graduation."

"I will convey your will to the king. The will of the stars will be fulfilled smoothly."

If you have a drink with a foreign bureaucrat, you can often hear stories about kings who are caught by stars, and what they commonly say is this.

If a star wants something, just give it to him.

'Because it's already criticized.'

It was the Ivory Tower business manual.

"Let's go, Tokei."

Tokei waved his hand towards the left.

"Then everyone live happily and leave."

The band of light wrapped around Arte's feet and turned into a huge whirlwind, soaring into the sky.

'Is this the Ivory Tower?'

As the students stared blankly, Laiman, who had come out of the building late, glared at Shiron and gritted his teeth.
[Translated block]


"I was thinking of making a gap between my thighs, but now I've become a person who can't even touch the dynasty.

'Hold on. There's never been a good ending to being stuck in an ivory tower.'

Since there are three candidates, the probability of Shirone becoming a star is as high as 33.3%.

The price to pay in the future was too great to touch with a feeling of impossibility.

"Arian Shirone."

Laiman said with a forced smile.

"By royal decree, all sins are pardoned. I hope you become a great magician who raises the name of the kingdom."

Although the royal decree did not fall, it was a foregone conclusion, and the students cheered at Laiman's declaration of defeat.

"Woah! Congratulations, Senior Shirone!"

"It's really amazing! The Ivory Tower!"

It was natural for the students to be happy just because they were nominated for the Ivory Tower, which is the glory of their alma mater.

'Find Ral.'

On the other hand, Shirone felt chilly at the probability of one third.

A problem of a different dimension from what has been solved so far.

Moreover, the car numbers of the competitors were small, but they were higher than Shirone.

'Who the hell is it?'

Shirone was curious purely apart from the competition.

* * *

The imperial city of the Jincheon Empire, Yeomra.

As befits an empire with a population of over 200 million, the scale of Yeomra, where the emperor resides, was overwhelmingly vast among the three empires.

The number of guards was comparable to the military power of a country, and the number of sorcerers alone exceeded 2,000.

Overwhelming superiority in quantity, but it was inevitable to be pushed back in terms of quality, and currently, it was in the process of capturing the world's talents with astronomical funds.

"Princess, the Emperor is looking for you."

As soon as the maid's words ended, the eyes of the woman who had been immersed in meditation in the octagonal pavilion opened wide.

It was Jin Sung-eum, the thirteenth daughter of Jincheon Emperor Jin-gang.

The gaze looking straight ahead was as solid as steel and the tightly closed mouth was as red as a flame.

"I'll go now."

As Sung-eum prepared to go out, the maids spread out as many numbers as were engraved on their jade necklaces.

The distance determined from 10 steps to 1,000 steps meant the authority to approach Sung-eum, and if they stepped in one more step, they would be punished that day.

When she arrived at the imperial palace, where both eaves soared towards the sky, the guards raised their spears in an orderly manner.

The chief of the guards, Oh, came up with a sound of iron armor and bowed his head.

"Princess."

Sung-eum's forehead twitched.

"23 steps. Step back."

"......"

Sung-eum, who measures distance to everyone she meets, but leaving her position as the chief of the guards was impossible.

"Huh, really?"

The moment Sung-eum sneered, Oh realized that he was 23 steps away from her.

'...I can't help it.'

The obsession with space made her the best sorcerer in Jincheon, based on a special realization.

The reason why the emperor called her today was also because she was nominated as a candidate for the Ivory Tower, where only the best in the world can enter.

"110 steps. 230 steps. 87 steps. 433 steps."

Sung-eum also measured one distance for each guard.

There was no basis, but if you listen to it, it feels strangely convincing, so it was clear that there was some standard.

Like Oh, when the soldiers did not leave their positions, Sung-eum revealed her anger and glared.

"You guys...!"

The only maid who was allowed 10 steps hurriedly advised.

"Princess. Today, the Emperor specially...."

'Ether wave.'

When Sung-eum concentrated her mind, all the sounds disappeared and even the shape of the landscape was pushed out to the perception.

Only in a world of darkness, countless tremors were transmitted like raindrops falling on the surface of the water.

If gravity is generated by matter pressing down on space, then even empty space is filled with something.

What she realized as an unlocker was the base that constitutes space itself, that is, ether.

'Folding.'

When she cast a spell, the scenery of the Imperial Dragon Palace rushed in as the distance of 4 kilometers was crumpled.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]