


```
[275] 1. Adversarial Friendship (4)

But Shirone was different.

In her opinion, <Everyday Gift> was not about the material value of the gift, but about the anticipation of the gift that could be felt every day.

In that sense, Shirone's tendency to explore the object matched her own impression when she first got <Everyday Gift>.

"That's right. That's why I also invited a master of schema once. I can't reveal his name, but he was a world-class professional gambler. He spun the roulette 10 times with the same force for 10 days, but the result was different every time. But I still think this is valid as a gamble."

"Why? Did you find any other characteristics?"

Zion yawned, unable to bear the boredom.

Of course, he also knew that figuring out the <Guideline> of the object was important.

But that kind of headache-inducing task could be left to the underlings. The royal family just had to buy and enjoy the object.

Anyway, Uorin's eyes were only on Shirone.

"It's because of statistics. I got this roulette exactly 1,003 days ago. That means I spun it 1,002 times excluding today. Among them, a miracle happened twice. A modest gift came out 823 times, a pleasant gift 171 times, and an excessive gift 6 times."

Shirone realized what Uorin was trying to say.

"Aha, the probability and statistics roughly match. Then we have to assume that the variable is fair. Maybe that variable is something that humans can't control..."

Uorin pointed at Shirone and shouted.

"That's it! The fact that statistics follow probability means there is no trickery. Therefore, this object still has value as a tool for gambling."

Shirone rested her chin and sank into thought.

There is a fair rule in terms of statistics. But even the world's best gambler couldn't produce the same value. Then it meant that there was a variable that was activated in an area that humans couldn't control.

"A highly sensitive sensor, or something that can't be controlled by muscle strength?"

"Yes. That's what the experts say too. They say it's an error at the quantum level."

Quantum level.

It was impossible to control the weight of electrons, which were lighter than atoms, with muscle strength. In the end, it was an extremely precise thing even though it looked childish.

Shirone examined <Everyday Gift> more closely than before.

It looked like nothing but an old antique on the outside. A crude wooden case. A miniature Pierrot smiling and a childish picture drawn on the hemispherical surface.

Suddenly, she remembered the children in the gypsy village spinning the roulette and having fun. It would normally be a heartwarming sight, but now she felt a chill.

"What kind of gift do you get when a miracle happens?"

Uorin's face hardened.

"I can't tell you that."

Shirone stared blankly at her. Then she stuck out her tongue and made a cute expression as if nothing had happened.

"Hehe, just kidding. It's no fun if I tell you in advance. Oh come on, hurry up and spin it."

"Hmm, should I?"

Shirone also stopped analyzing and prepared to enter the real thing.

She flicked her finger, but it was impossible to control it with human strength anyway.

It was all up to luck. Towards a childish future where only pleasure awaits.

"Then let's start."

Shirone put her finger on the end of the pointer and flicked it.

Tiriri. The arrow spun with a sound that would only be heard from a toy.

Uorin looked at it with shining eyes. Zion seemed interested for once too, as he crossed his arms and fixed his gaze on the roulette.

When the pointer stopped, Uorin hit the table and jumped up.

"Wow! It's an excessive gift! This is a 4 percent chance!"

Shirone was so tense that she couldn't even feel joy at winning a low probability.

The roulette followed the <Guideline> precisely. Now what would happen?
```

How did I do?
[Translated block]


```text
Knock knock!

Shirone turned to the door at the sound of the knock. But no matter how long he waited, he couldn't feel any sign of life.

"It's here! Brother, hurry up and go out!"

Shirone walked quickly to the door. On the other hand, he needed quite a long time to prepare himself before opening it.

As he pulled the doorknob, he saw a scene of a square cave with a torch burning in it.

There was no sign of life, let alone a fly.

Shirone thought of <Gravity> and scanned the floor. There was a gift box decorated with a red ribbon.

He felt a chill run down his spine as he saw the gift that appeared out of nowhere.

This was a sealed space. He didn't even hear the sound of the first door opening. Then who on earth knocked?

"Brother, hurry up and show me. I'm curious."

As Uorin urged him, Shirone reluctantly took the gift and put it on the table.

Zion and Uorin stretched their necks like turtles and scanned it.

"Since it's for brother, you should open it."

As he pulled the red ribbon, the square bundle unraveled itself.

It was a romantic sight, but Shirone handled the gift as if it were an explosive.

"Huh? What is this?"

There was a porcelain doll in the gift box.

It was a girl with black hair that reached her ankles and a third of her height. She had long eyelashes, and her eyes made of jewels looked like real human eyes.

He didn't find it particularly grotesque, but he felt such a disgust that he didn't even want to touch it.

They say that humans feel the most fear at the midpoint between unfamiliar and familiar things.

The porcelain doll was the same.

The proportions were messed up and there was no life in it, but the hair, eyelashes, and eyes were exactly like humans, making the viewer feel horror.

On the other hand, Uorin opened her eyes wide and showed interest.

"Huh, this?"

She reached out to the doll without knowing it, but then looked at Shirone's face. He might feel burdened if she showed interest after giving him a gift.

Shirone gladly gave it up. To be honest, he hated even looking at it.

"It's okay. I don't know what it is, so you can check it out."

Uorin carefully took out the doll as if she might scratch the surface with gold.

Zion followed it with his eyes.

He didn't know much about dolls, but he couldn't miss that one. He had also heard rumors from all over and got one for his sister, who was a major collector.

"It's El Crouch's jointless porcelain doll."

"Huh? El Crouch?"

Uorin shone the doll on the ceiling light and looked inside the porcelain face. Sure enough, it was a genuine product without any signs of joining.

She confirmed it and said belatedly.

"El Crouch is a doll maker. He is famous for not using glue. Only twelve pieces of Crouch's relics have been revealed to the world, and they all have owners. I also own four pieces. In other words, this is an unpublished work. If you put it up for auction, it will start from at least 100 million gold."

"What? 100 million gold?"

Shirone's eyes widened.

The annual living expenses of an average peasant family in Torumia Kingdom were about 100 gold. Moreover, Shirone's poor house had lived on 50 gold for a year before entering the Ogent family as a housekeeper.

Even if you compare it to the income of a magician, it was a huge amount.

The annual salary of a newly entered professional magician was about 4,000 gold, and even an official sixth-class magician did not exceed an average annual salary of 200,000 gold. In other words, it was money that Master Shiina had to work hard for 500 years to save up.

From fifth class onwards, which are classified as middle-class magicians, their salaries vary depending on their skills, but judging from the fact that the third-class grand magician of Kazra Castle had an annual salary of about 30 million gold, 100 million gold was an amount that would make any nobleman change their eyes.

'Wait a minute, come to think of it...'

The amount was not the problem. How could El Crouch's relic be selected as a gift?

If it was an artist's work, it was clearly something that existed in the world
[Translated block]


```text
"......How is this possible?"

"It's an Obje. Excessive gifts judge the value of scarcity. There was a time when a deep-sea fish that looked like a human face arrived. But it died right away. Excessive gifts are not necessarily expensive items. In that sense, El Crouch's doll is a great material benefit. You can sell this."

Woorin glanced at Shirone.

"Hey, so......"

Shirone could guess without listening.

She had already collected four dolls. They were hideous to others, but they couldn't be more lovely to a maniac.

"Take it if you want. I can give it to you as a gift. It's just this much."

"Huh? Oh, no! There's no need for that! I was just going to buy this for 100 million gold. But I thought you wouldn't like this kind of deal......"

She seemed to remember the first day she was invited to Wangseong, when Eliza offered to buy Shirone's parents a castle and he got angry.

"Haha! Right. I don't need money. You can just take it. After all, the Obje is yours."

100 million gold was an amount that Shirone would not easily give up.

But it was worth giving up if the concession was Woorin, the supreme authority of Kazra. No matter how much he liked money, it wouldn't be more expensive than his life.

As expected, Zion twisted his face.

What are you doing, owing money to a rival who is fighting with your brother for the throne? Even if you're stupid, this time you're too short-sighted.

'No, really?'

A bad thought flashed through Zion's head.

Woorin is a younger sister who listens well to her brother. She was the direct successor of Teraje, but she never ignored him.

But today was a bit strange.

The person who decided where to meet Shirone was Woorin.

Of course, she liked to show off her Obje, so it was understandable that she chose the gallery. But why did she choose <Everyday Gift> out of so many Obje?

'Because it's the most probabilistic Obje......'

It would have been no problem if Shirone had hit the 75 percent modest gift.

But the result was a whopping 4 percent excessive gift.

And the gift was El Crouch's pottery doll, which Woorin cherished so much.

'Woorin is not a fool who owes money to anyone. What if she tested Shirone's probability? Then she's weighing me and Shirone......'

His throat burned just by imagining it.

It's a delusion. It's a simple coincidence. That's how he had to think.

Shirone won the 4 percent chance, but why would Woorin's choice of <Everyday Gift> be a coincidence?

Besides, she was Teraje's daughter. Even if she pretended not to know, she wouldn't be without the ambition of the tyrant king. She wasn't an empty-headed girl who would betray her brother who had the power of Kazra just because she liked Shirone.

"Ahh, it's really pretty. Thank you, Shirone oppa."

Shirone hugged the pottery doll and looked happy. He realized why his brothers took care of their sisters.

But his smile soon turned into worry. No matter how he thought about it, Obje was not a normal thing.

"Woorin, it would be better not to spin this roulette in the future."

"Huh? Why?"

Shirone looked at <Everyday Gift> with uneasiness.

"It doesn't make sense. No magic can break the principle of equivalent exchange. Even irregular eating is a kind of mental equivalent exchange. On the other hand, Obje is too weird. If you keep getting gifts like this, you might have to pay a price someday."

Woorin blinked for a moment and then carefully put the pottery doll in a box. Then she sat down and tapped the instruction meter of <Everyday Gift>, which had lost its effect.

"Hmm, I see what you mean. But by that logic, nothing in the world is 100 percent safe. For example, the frequency of death by kitchen knife is higher than that by Obje."
```
[Translated block]
```
"But object users are much less than kitchen knife users. It's different between one out of ten people dying and ten out of a hundred people dying. You can't just compare them by numbers. Besides, I heard that there are definitely people who die from objects too?"

Woorin pushed <Everyday Gift> to Shirone.

"This object first appeared in the world 240 years ago. And some of the people who owned this thing actually met a miserable death."
```

Did I translate it correctly?
[Translated block]