


[593] The Incident of That Day (4)

"Huh!"

Lucang's eyes bulged at the situation beyond common sense.

On the other hand, the faces of his colleagues became calm again.

'Yolga...'

Yolga is a good person.

"If you want...."

Yolga led Lucang's hand to her chest, but his hand could not dare to grope her body.

"What, what are you doing? Aren't you sorry to your husband?"

Lucang, who hastily detached his lips, looked at Yolga's face with a blank expression.

Seeing her shedding tears with a face containing all the sorrows of the world, his mind went blank.

"I'm really sorry."

Yolga is, such a good person.

'Kindness to the point of absurdity.'

Edgar looked down at Yolga's back with a sense of wonder.

If Miro has inhuman determination to achieve his goal, Yolga has an abnormal kindness that is almost bizarre.

'That's why we dedicated our lives to Yolga.'

That's why they could willingly enter the upper echelons of Istas.

Lucang's face, who was staring blankly at Yolga, turned into a gloomy expression.

"Sin...."

A voice reaching death leaked out.

"I'm sorry. I'm really sorry."

Yolga does not calculate emotions.

"It's okay. It's all my fault. Please resent me."

That's why she can embrace all the ugliness.

'Can there really exist a person without a shred of pretense, with absolute sincerity?'

That was the woman called Yolga.

Lucang kept spitting out apologies and took his last breath.

It was a seemingly beautiful sight, but his colleagues knew the taste of his tears.

It was not tears of repentance, nor was it regret for spitting on Yolga.

'If evil surpasses human courage and gives fear, extreme goodness is also fear.'

Lucang was fed up with the fear conveyed by the clearly pure goodness.

"Yolga, here."

Mustang, her friend and colleague, handed her a handkerchief scented with perfume.

"Thank you."

Yolga, who wiped the spit off her face, put her hood back on halfway and stood up from her seat.

"Let's go. We need to find Miro."

The prosecutor Nine said.

"We failed to persuade Miro a while ago. If we meet again, we have no choice but to fight."

"....We can't help it."

Determination was engraved on Yolga's face.

"But I will persuade him to the end. Because Miro is my brother."

"...."

The reason why her colleagues were silent was because Miro, like Yolga, was a person with a clear identity.

"Let's go quickly. Before the time curve closes completely."

Then the warehouse door opened wide, and the colleagues took a combat stance at the same time.

But soon their expressions became blank, and among them, Mustang put her hand on her slim waist and asked.

"What's up, who are you?"

Shirone, who was rushing towards the research circuit, stopped when she saw Yolga's party.

"You guys...."

If it was Mars, they would have to prepare for battle.

"We're not enemies."

Fortunately, Yolga first revealed that she had no hostility and approached.

She was a woman so beautiful that her heart fluttered, but there was a creepy feeling in the back of her brain.

'She looks kind, but something's strange.'

She had met many good people so far, but this was the first time she felt this way.

"Nice to meet you. My name is Yolga."

She was Fermi's mother.

'So this is Yolga.'

Shirone recalled Anzal's words.

A character who opposed Geppin's preparation for a successor and set out to stop Miro.

'She really looks like Fermi, except for her height.'

Can they be so polarized even with the same disposition?

Even the spine-chillingly kind smile reminded her of Fermi.

"Who are you?"

"Ah."

Shirone realized that she had wasted too much time and shook hands with Yolga.

"My name is Shirone."

At the unfamiliar name, Yolga tilted her head as if interested.

Even considering the physical age now, there wasn't much difference between Shirone and her, so she couldn't help but flutter.
[Translated block]


"What am I thinking."

She's not a friend, but wasn't she Fermi's mother?

"Yes, Shiro. How did you get in here?"

It was then that Shiro realized that Yolga was still looking at the core.

She was so naive that she had forgotten the current situation.

"Let's get it together."

Anyway, it was a careful issue from now on.

Because Hexa, who realized that he was himself, was also an enemy who was after his life, including Yolga's party.

"You seem to be hiding something. It's okay. Won't you tell me?"

"What is this person?"

It smelled similar to Miro.

"You know me. But I don't know you. Maybe you're from the future. If the time curve opens again."

Even though she hadn't said a word yet, Yolga kept digging into the core.

It felt like her voice was a drill, eating away at her mind and coming in.

"It's okay. I'm not asking to hurt you. But if you really came from the future, there's one thing I want to ask."

For the first time, Shiro, who met Yolga's eyes, realized one fact with a thrill that pierced his heart.

"That's right. This person has also transcended the category of humans."

Yolga asked.

"Do I die here?"

Shiro, who didn't know how long he had been silent, faced the fact that he couldn't hide forever.

"Yes."

That was the only truth.

"I don't know about the death of a person named Yolga, but you are definitely not in the future where I live."

"That's it. In other words, Miro eventually does it."

Contrary to expectations, Yolga was not disappointed.

It was a question of how she could be so calm even knowing her own death, but Shiro had more important things left.

"Can you stop like this?"

Yolga got out of her thoughts.

"What does it mean to stop?"

"Miro will save this world in the future. It's not a perfect victory, but her judgment was correct."

Regardless of Hexa's death, Shiro told the truth as it was.

Unlike Yolga, who seemed to have accepted it and nodded, Mustang's face turned red.

"Huh, that's just Miro's future. If it's Yolga, she might be able to end the war with heaven."

The same emotion was in the eyes of Edogawa Nine.

'Gepin is definitely needed, but even if he leaves, the savior must be Yolga.'

If it's Yolga, she can definitely achieve human integration and fight heaven with full power.

Because she is the one who has the qualifications to become the king of the world, which is unprecedented in human history.

"Okay, Shiro."

Because Yolga was a good person, she didn't hate Shiro.

"But there must be a special reason why you came here. Is this world in danger again?"

It wasn't an exact answer, but Yolga's insight was extraordinary.

"I can't answer that."

If Yolga, who realized the future, actively steps forward, the upper-level incident will be twisted beyond control.

"Don't worry. I'm prepared for death. Instead, I have a favor to ask. Please take me to Miro."

"To Miro?"

"Yes. And you compare me and Miro. Who should stay for this world."

"But I'm not qualified to do that."

"No. You came from the future. And if you think Miro is more necessary than me in your judgment……."

Yolga always speaks only the truth.

"I will take my own life."

"Yolga! What are you talking about!"

Although her colleagues shouted in unison, she was firm.

"I'm not unprepared to come here either. Gepin still needs us. And Miro is my beloved sister. If Miro becomes a successor, everyone she loves will suffer."

"Yolga!"

Yolga was a good person, so she didn't hate Shiro.

"Then there must be a special reason why you came here. Is this world in danger again?"

It wasn't an exact answer, but Yolga's insight was extraordinary.

"I can't answer that."

If Yolga, who realized the future, actively steps forward, the upper-level incident will be twisted beyond control.

"Don't worry. I'm prepared for death. Instead, I have a favor to ask. Please take me to Miro."

"To Miro?"

"Yes. And you compare me and Miro. Who should stay for this world."

"But I'm not qualified to do that."

"No. You came from the future. And if you think Miro is more necessary than me in your judgment……."

Yolga always speaks only the truth.

"I will take my own life."

"Yolga! What are you talking about!"

Although her colleagues shouted in unison, she was firm.

"I'm not unprepared to come here either. Gepin still needs us. And Miro is my beloved sister. If Miro becomes a successor, everyone she loves will suffer."

"Yolga!"

Yolga was a good person, so she didn't hate Shiro.

"Then there must be a special reason why you came here. Is this world in danger again?"

It wasn't an exact answer, but Yolga's insight was extraordinary.

"I can't answer that."

If Yolga, who realized the future, actively steps forward, the upper-level incident will be twisted beyond control.

"Don't worry. I'm prepared for death. Instead, I have a favor to ask. Please take me to Miro."

"To Miro?"

"Yes. And you compare me and Miro. Who should stay for this world."

"But I'm not qualified to do that."

"No. You came from the future. And if you think Miro is more necessary than me in your judgment……."

Yolga always speaks only the truth.

"I will take my own life."

"Yolga! What are you talking about!"

Although her colleagues shouted in unison, she was firm.

"I'm not unprepared to come here either. Gepin still needs us. And Miro is my beloved sister. If Miro becomes a successor, everyone she loves will suffer."
[Translated block]


Except for Miro, the fact that all the clans of the family were secretly assassinated was no longer a secret after 19 years.

"How about it? Can you make a difficult decision for this world?"

"I am......"

Shirone hesitated.

It was right to refuse because Hexa's life was in danger, but if she was talking with Yolga, she felt like she wouldn't even care about life.

'Yolga is sincere.'

There was a power to touch the human heart in 100 percent sincerity, not 99.99 percent.

"Okay. I'll judge."

Perhaps having a choice might be much better for Hexa's future.

"Where is Miro?"

"I know."

It will be in the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Association.

No one knows how the incident will twist, but it was clear that Miro would definitely come there.

&lt;Event coordinates&gt;

Time: 0:32.

Space: Istas Warehouse No. 71.

"Search thoroughly! Scatter all!"

At the command of Mars' captain Nickel, the forces from Team 1 to 4 divided like water.

"Damn it! We're the most dangerous!"

The captain of Team 1 was dissatisfied.

Although it is touted as the best, everyone knew that Team 1 was ultimately a knife.

"Regroup on the second floor!"

Seven members scattered, and Lukang also turned his direction to the west, which he was in charge of.

"What?"

As he parted with his colleagues and moved to the next warehouse, a raccoon with a black mask covering his face suddenly appeared.

'Is it an enemy?'

When Lukang reflexively swung his main weapon, the chain scythe, the raccoon moved to the side with a crackling sound.

'It's a wizard. Electric series. Who is it?'

The skill was quite good.

Lukang, who immediately took a stop stance, swung the chain and set up a scythe in a diagonal line.

"Reveal your identity."

'Damn, what the hell is going on?'

Raccoon was annoyed.

He had to put &lt;The Last Scream of the Yeager Family&gt; in the safe of the warehouse designated by Fermi, but from some point, the structure of Istas began to change.

'It's not worth fighting with these guys.'

He had never heard of the name Mars, but according to Fermi's story, they were the so-called powerhouses in the kingdom.

'So then......'

Raccoon pulled out the dagger worn on his waist.

Lukang's eyes sparkled at the sight of the silver blade holding the electricity.

'He's an assassin.'

And a wizard who uses magic.

"Arrogant guy."

Lukang was also not very old, but he was a skilled person who had never been behind others in talent since he was young.

The two people with clear strengths collided head-on, and the attack that made the spine chilly continued.

The chain scythe changes its trajectory according to the law of nature, and the warehouse flickers with the lightning of the raccoon.

In a state of energy saturation that seemed to explode at any moment, the raccoon's dagger flew and stuck to the wall.

Lukang, who had activated the sensory function of the schema to the maximum, caught the raccoon's rear with a delicate movement.

'It's over.'

A cut that fits the standard, without an inch of error, flew towards the back of the raccoon's neck.

'It's definitely a great skill. But......'

The corners of the mouth inside the raccoon's mask rose slightly.

'It's too old-fashioned.'

It was a blow that could not be reacted to in the original, but if it was the basics of an assassin 19 years ago, the raccoon had learned it since he was a child.

Without turning his head, he bowed his head, and Lukang's scythe passed by the back of his head.

'Have this.'

The daggers that reacted to the raccoon's current were all pulled out and rushed towards Lukang.

The warehouse shook with the explosion of lightning, and Lukang frowned in the rising smoke.

"Same cheap trick......"

The figure of the raccoon had already disappeared.

"Damn it! You're late for the assembly time!"

The other colleagues must have already searched their dedicated areas and arrived on the second floor.
[Translated block]


"But Liu Kang did not yet know that this 15-minute reprieve, which was due to his battle with Reikon, had ultimately saved his life." 

Please let me know if there's anything else you need help with.
[Translated block]