


[603] To someone (1)

The sight of Istas changing shape was spectacular.

"Cool, isn't it? This is Istas, the pride of Alpheus Magic School."

"Well, my school had something like this too."

The difference between prestigious and non-prestigious schools can be seen even in casual conversations. Oscar, a city dweller, couldn't boast about his school unless it was a royal magic school or one of the top five prestigious schools in the kingdom.

But Liz was proud of Oscar.

She believed that she could overcome any difficulties with this man who had earned his public recognition through self-study.

"Follow me. I'll introduce you to the research club where my memories are deeply embedded."

"Let's go back now. We've already greeted the principal."

"Oh, come on. Hurry up. It'll be fun."

Unlike Liz, who was excited like a child, Oscar was only thinking about the evening appointment.

"Nothing has changed here."

Many memories passed through Liz's mind.

"How do you find your way? It's a total maze, isn't it?"

"There was a servant ability user among the former presidents. He created the master equation."

"Really? What's the principle?"

Liz turned around leaning back and stuck out her tongue.

"Secret."

The door of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Club opened and Liz's face popped in.

"Ta-da! Oh, there's no one here?"

"Of course, they're in class. Let's go back. I have a dinner appointment with the association people."

Just as Oscar was about to turn around, Liz grabbed his wrist and turned him around.

He sighed and turned around, but he couldn't help but shine his eyes in front of Liz's meaningful expression.

"Are you really going to leave? You might regret it?"

"Hmm, what are you talking about?"

Oscar pretended not to know.

"This is where I spent more time than in my dormitory. In other words, you can say that my scent is all over the place."

As Liz pulled him, Oscar's legs moved as if hypnotized, and a moment later the door closed.

"Oh, I'm going crazy."

Nate, who finished the evaluation earlier than his friends, came to Istas to find Shiro.

'I can't concentrate at all.'

His head was full of thoughts about Liz, and he was unable to do anything.

'If I knew this would happen, I wouldn't have met her.'

Regrets flooded in that if he hadn't dropped out of the Scramble Royale, if he hadn't gone to the bathhouse that day.

But there was another Nate in a corner of his heart who was happy about the reality of reuniting with Liz.

"Is Shiro here?"

Nate's hand, which was turning the doorknob, stopped abruptly.

At first, he thought it was Shiro, but the sound leaking from inside was clearly a man and a woman's voice.

"What?"

When he opened the door and entered the research club, he saw Liz and Oscar kissing.

"Liz, senior?"

It was a shock as if his heart was torn out without anesthesia, and he couldn't think of anything as if his brain was bleeding.

"Liz! Uh! Uh!"

Oscar, who found Nate, quickly pushed Liz away.

Liz, who realized late, rolled her eyes in surprise and then approached with an awkward smile.

"Oh, Nate! When did you come?"

"What are you doing?"

"Oh, this is embarrassing. I was reminded of the old days and the atmosphere was like that, so......"

"Get out."

As Nate turned pale, Liz's mouth shut tight.

"Don't ever come here again."

The two didn't know anything.

They didn't know what kind of struggle he and his friends had to protect the research club.

"Outsider? Get out?"

Oscar couldn't stand it anymore.

"You better think before you speak. The person standing in front of you is a professional magician who has obtained public recognition in the kingdom. It's not a subject for you to casually mention without a magician's license."
[Translated block]


Nade hated even mixing words.

"I'm telling you for the last time. Get out. If you don't want to be in a bad shape."

"This kid is looking and looking......"

Oscar widened his eyes and took a stride.

But the moment his gaze collided head-on with Nade, he felt as if his heart had stopped and he couldn't move his body.

'What's with this kid?'

A chill cold enough to freeze the blood.

He had never experienced such a murderous intent even when performing missions in real combat.

"If you're confident, come on. You're a pro magician, aren't you?"

As the words suggest, Oscar was a pro, and what froze him was probably an amateur graduate.

Regardless of how he felt, it was something he couldn't stop, so Oscar was about to take another step when Liz intervened.

"Stop it! Don't fight."

First, she pushed Oscar away and turned to Nade.

"Okay. I'll go. I'm sorry if I upset you."

"Liz, are you going to put up with this treatment? He's a guy who only knows his own feelings. He's spitting out informal words to his direct senior."

"Oscar, please stop. Let's go quickly."

As Liz was about to leave with her boyfriend's hand, Oscar spat out a curse.

"Like a thug. That's why you're at the bottom."

With a bang, the door closed roughly, and Nade, who had been standing for a while, sat down on the sofa as if he was dizzy.

"Ha."

Contrary to the initial expectation of relief, only regret flooded in after the incident was over.

"Ugh! Really! Really!"

Nade, who was hitting his head like crazy, buried his face deep in the sofa.

Two hours later, when Shiro and Iruki arrived, Nade was already a wreck.

"What's wrong? What happened?"

It was amazing for Shiro to see a person change so much in just a few hours.

"It's over. It's all over."

"So what's over?"

"Liz senior had come to visit......"

After hearing the whole story from Nade, Shiro and Iruki kept silent for a long time.

It was a mistake to chase her away so harshly, but they couldn't just scold her if they thought they were in that situation.

"You should think it's a good thing. She had a fiancé anyway, right? It's just going to be hard for you to expect anything."

Iruki's advice was realistic.

"I know. But I can't give up. I'm so angry I could die, but I don't want to let go."

Shiro performed shock therapy.

"Do you like Liz senior even after seeing that?"

"Yes! I like her! I like her so much I'm going crazy. Do you know why I tried to open a magic shop? Because Liz senior works at a weapon factory! I was going to confess formally, but in this way......"

Nade grabbed his head.

"I was stupid! I should have responded coolly. Now she must hate me completely, right?"

"Whether she hates or likes it, she said she has a fiancé. That means she's going to get married soon."

"So what about the engagement? She might change her mind and come to me. Iruki, what's the chance of that happening?"

"0 percent."

He didn't even want to calculate.

"Shiro, tell me. What should I do now? You have insight for times like this."

"If you really can't give up, there's only one way."

"Really? What is it?"

"Go and apologize to the two of them right now."

"Apologize?"

He didn't mind bowing his head to Liz, but he didn't want to do that to Oscar even if he died.

"If you can't do it, you have no choice but to give up."

It was the only solution Nade could think of.

"But I don't know where they are. I can't go through all the city inns."

"Principal teacher will know. I'll ask."

Shiro, who ran to Alpheus, found out that Liz was staying at the Dolphin Inn.

Nade, who repeatedly thanked her and left Istas, was not in his right mind when he arrived at the inn.
[Translated block]


"Let's calm down. I'm just here to meet my senior. I didn't used to be like this."

As I knocked on the door with the feeling of jumping off a cliff, I heard Liz's voice.

"Who is it?"

"Uh... It's Nade."

"Nade?"

The door opened and Liz, dressed casually, appeared.

She might not be as beautiful as when she's dressed up, but her rarity made my heart flutter.

"How did you know to come here?"

Liz's face, looking at the speechless Nade, was not as friendly as expected.

"Do you want to come in?"

"I'm sorry! Senior!"

Thinking that he couldn't delay any longer, Nade immediately bowed his head and apologized.

"I must have been out of my mind. I didn't even recognize you, senior. I'm really sorry."

This wouldn't resolve all the feelings, but there was no reason not to accept the apology.

"Yeah. Thanks for coming. I was actually a little uncomfortable. I was wondering if I had gone to school for nothing."

"That's absolutely not true. It's all my fault."

"I know. Let's meet once before you leave."

"Um, but where is Oscar? I want to apologize to him in person."

"He went out with some association people for dinner. Don't worry. He's not the type to hold a grudge."

"Can you tell me where he is? I promise I won't bother him."

From Liz's point of view, it would be better for Oscar to let go of his anger.

"He'll be at the Gold Ocean Restaurant. He said he'd meet there. It's an important place, so don't disturb him."

"Yes. Don't worry. Thank you."

Thinking that he might make another mistake if he stayed any longer, Nade hurriedly left the inn.

'I did it! I did it!'

There was still a distance, but it was a hundred times better than breaking the relationship.

'I'm happy about this. A few days ago, she was smiling at me.'

Why do humans realize the preciousness of something only after they lose it?

'Let's be satisfied with seeing her again for now.'

Nade confirmed through the window across the street that Oscar was at the restaurant.

He was having a conversation with a confident gesture at a table with about six people.

"Damn, he's lucky."

Does Oscar know how blessed he is to receive Liz's love?

It might be annoying and sometimes bothersome, but to someone, she was a noble woman who couldn't even easily meet eyes.

"When will it end?"

The feeling of waiting outside to apologize to the lover of the woman he loved was the end of misery.

Maybe it was because he was wearing thin clothes, but the autumn cold was more severe, but it wasn't just because of the weather.

'Hurry up and finish. Hurry up and finish.'

After waiting for about an hour with his hands under his armpits, Oscar, who had finished dinner, got up from his seat.

'He's coming out.'

Oscar, who opened the restaurant door himself and waited for his party to come out, adjusted his clothes and bowed his head.

"I had a good dinner, Director. I'll take you to a nice place next time."

"Haha! I'm glad you liked it. I'm looking forward to your taste."

'Wow. That man was the director?'

Nade looked at the middle-aged man whose suit button was barely fastened because his stomach was full.

It was a great thing to get a license, but it was unusual to have dinner with the director of the Magic Association, Creas.

'But he seems to know what he's doing. Well, to live with Liz, senior... Huh?'

A blonde woman in a red dress put on a fur coat and walked up to Oscar and gently put her arm in his.

"Dad, can I walk with this guy for a while? To help digest."

"Sure. Escort our daughter well."

"Don't worry."

Judging from the conversation, it was clear that she was the director's daughter.

But what he couldn't understand was why such a woman was walking arm in arm with Oscar.
[Translated block]
The Korean phrase "……대체 뭐야?" translates to "......What the heck?" in English. Is there anything else you would like to know or discuss?
[Translated block]