


```
[469] Again (2)

Gaold opened his eyes.

Dust was floating in the sunlight that came through the window.

Another new morning had arrived.

Every day was a new morning.

Gaold got out of bed and washed himself.

His small body reflected in the mirror was smooth without any wounds.

It was not a handsome body by human standards, but he liked it. How important is the muscle of a creature to a believer in God?

'God? Do I believe in God?'

Suddenly he wondered.

Come to think of it... why is there no wound?

"What?"

He tilted his head and splashed water on his body.

His thoughts did not stay in one place and just flowed away, and before he knew it, he was changing clothes to greet a fresh morning.

When he realized that only one thought was not flowing, the door opened and Miro came in.

"Hey! What are you going to do if you're still sleeping! Today is the day of the individual combat evaluation!"

Gaold quickly turned his body and hid his flesh.

"Surprise! This is a men's dormitory!"

Miro looked at Gaold's face, which was red and buttoned up, with disbelief and said.

"You're pretending to be a man. We've already seen everything."

"Huh? See what?"

"Why are you suddenly like that? We were together last night."

Gaold blinked his eyes.

'Did we?'

He couldn't remember at all.

Come to think of it, he couldn't remember anything.

Miro sighed with her hands on her hips and shook her head as if she had no choice.

"You're pretending too much, I'm dating such a softie..."

She said that and smiled playfully again and ran towards Gaold.

"Hey, wait!"

Before Gaold could say anything, she kissed him and hugged him and fell on the bed.

At the moment when they were buried in the bed together, a beautiful song sounded in Gaold's ears.

Miro's breath tickled his neck, and her touch entered his half-filled top and caressed his skin.

Miro's small voice settled in his ear.

"Time... there's about 10 minutes left."

He heard his heart pounding.

It was the shock of his heart beating for the first time after it had stopped for a moment.

'It hurts.'

Only after regaining consciousness did he realize that he had not felt any sensation until then.

'It hurts.'

His nerves became sensitive, and the pain of being alive flooded his whole body.

"Keeeee!"

Only in pain, Gaold clenched his teeth.

Before he knew it, Miro was gone.

From the chest where she had caressed him, thin and delicate black smoke rose up.


[Translated block]


Hundreds of giants gathered at the vertex of the triangle and burst into geometric shapes that were bizarrely spread out as they hit Gaold.

Pain 4 million times.

"Ahhhhhh!"

Gaold pressed down even as he felt a transcendent pain.

In a situation where neither enemies nor allies could be identified, there was nothing that could stand on the ground.

As if he had fallen into a bucket of pain, the pain gnawed at his whole body and penetrated his brain, conveying a burning discomfort.

'It doesn't hurt! I can endure it!'

Gaold repeated only one thought.

It's just pain, just pain.

No matter how painful it is, it's just a signal from the brain.

Compared to 'not being able to meet Miro'....

"It's nothinggggggggggg!"

All the enemies that filled the front 100 meters were crushed down as if they were rolled over by an invisible roller.

Blood that turned into dust rose like a spray and filled the atmosphere.

The exit of the capital was visible in the distance. It was more than half.

"Let's go! Faster!"

Gaold shouted, holding onto his consciousness that was trying to fly away again.

He was already half white-eyed.

"Huck! Shit....!"

Kang Nan clenched his teeth and suppressed a groan that sounded like a whimper.

'It must hurt. No, it's not just hurting.'

At this rate, Gaold would be ruined.

Like that time, no, this time he might never come out.

"Wait! Let's fix it here first....!"

"Don't stop Gaold."

Sein followed Kang Nan's side.

"Don't stop him? If we go any further, it's really over."

"I know. But if we stop, it's over there."

"What do you mean...."

Sein glared at Gaold's back that was quickly moving away.

"His pace is faltering. His mind must be wavering. He feels his limit too. If the inertia of now is cut off even once...."

Sein clenched his teeth.

"He'll never be able to get up again."

"...."

Finally, when they left the capital of Lakia, they saw roads stretching out in all directions.

The road symbolizing the seven sins.

Gaold chose the road in front of him without thinking.

It was 'the road of desire'.

* * *

"Lord Surtr! The enemy has left the capital and entered the road of desire!"

At the report of the messenger, Surtr, as well as Kariel and Uriel, turned their heads.

Only Miro was still staring at the invisible place with a terrifying look.

"They've already broken through the capital? That doesn't make sense!"

Surtr burst into anger.

He was aiming for the heavenly lottery, so he was ashamed to receive such a shameful report in front of Kariel, and his anger was in his voice.

The strongest unit of fire giants, fallen angels, and even Mara were blocking Gaold's party.

But they've already broken through the capital?

Uriel said.

"I think it's strange too. Isn't it impossible speed unless you deliberately open the way?"

Surtr thought so too.

Either they opened the way or they crushed the enemy at a speed comparable to that.

But his pride denied both assumptions.

"That's absolutely impossible. My subordinates are strong and fearless warriors!"

"What are you going to do anyway, Kariel?"

Kariel was still relaxed.

Even though they were lowly humans, they were those who came to save Miro from heaven. He expected them not to be easy from the start.

"Answer my call, Tiara."

A brilliant light flashed in midair where Kariel was standing, and a beautiful and pure fairy was born.

It was Tiara, the fairy of domination, who belonged to the second rank among the 72 ranks of fairies.

"Did you call me, Archangel?"

"I request support from my department. You know the situation."

Tiara looked at the seven sins road beyond Dogye Bridge with cold eyes.
[Translated block]


"I have a rough idea."

"Stop him. If he comes this fast, it means he used all his power. But if you destroy his hope, he won't be able to move as a living being, let alone a human."

"......I understand."

Tiara flew silently to where the path of desire was.

As the commander of the inner government, things would get complicated if humans rescued the labyrinth.

The labyrinth bit his lip.

A majestic noise was faintly coming from the other side of the path of desire.

It meant that there was not much time left.

That's why this was the only chance to change his mind.

'Don't come, Gald. You have to go to Zebul. If you don't correct the coordinates in Inglis, you won't be able to stop the final war.'

It wasn't a situation to come and save him, who had lost his power.

'Sein, you have to stop Gald. You know, right? This is crazy.'

"He's coming!"

The giant on the wall shouted.

No one thought they would lose, but the giants who heard the report felt a chill without knowing it.

"He's already here?"

Everyone's eyes focused on the path of desire beyond the plain.

It still looked like a dot, but that one dot was crushing the army and approaching.

"Just a little more, more! Just a little more and we're there!"

Sein looked back and encouraged his party.

Even he, who had a strong reason, couldn't hide his excitement at this moment.

He didn't expect to come this far.

'That fool of the world......'

Things that no one thought of, things that were believed to be impossible, were unfolding before their eyes.

'Just get to the bridge! From there......'

The rule of domination.

Kuuuuuu!

At that moment, an enormous psychic power crushed everyone.

"Kruk!"

Sein looked up at the sky.

The fairy was looking down below with her wings of light.

Armin said.

"It's too high. Stop magic is impossible."

Too high?

But how big is it that it still comes into sight?

'Scale magic......'

Sein bit his lip until blood came out.

There must be a limit to the fairy's power, so it wouldn't be like opening an infinite dimension like a cannon.

But if it was magic that used the relativity of scale itself, it would be possible with the fairy's mind, and the anti-magic that was coming in now was incomparable to what Gald had suffered at Alpheus Magic School 20 years ago.

"Kreeee!"

Sein turned his iron eyes and tried to break the psychic magic.

But the more he did, Tiara's domination became stronger, and eventually everyone was flattened on the ground.

"President......!"

Gangnan, who was stuck to the ground and bowed his head, had shock on his face.

Even Gald, whom he trusted, was trembling on his knees.

Tiara's rule of domination didn't just crush their bodies.

The moment inertia disappeared, his black heart was also crushed without a trace.

Inertia disappeared.

'Is this it......'

Sein couldn't help but be angry and clenched his fist on the ground.

He had poured everything out, he had run without even thinking about stopping, so he could reach this distance.

But it was only up to the path of desire.

"It's over."

Cariel raised one corner of his mouth and said.

They were all tied up at exactly where the path of desire ended.

"It must be pretty miserable. How about pretending to be sad at times like this?"

Miro still had no answer.

Thud.

Then there was a thud from afar.

Thud.

Everyone felt a chill as they felt the regular vibration.

Cariel's eyes turned to Gald.

And he slowly opened his mouth without saying anything.

"Kreeee!"

Gald used all his strength to lift his body up.

The mind had no substance, so there was no limit to it, and a thin smoke bypassed all control and sprouted again.

That sprout grew into a thick stem and branched out into many branches, providing Gald with a huge fuel for his mind.
[Translated block]


Boom!

Due to the nature of the magic that suppressed the target with a scale, the Tiara of Heaven was shrinking every time Gaold moved.

"Huuuuuu!"

Gaold clenched his arrogant face and put in his strength.

It was still just black in the distance, but there was a maze on the wall.

"Let's go."

The moment Gaold took a hard step, Sein finally choked up and showed tears.

'Yes. You're going, Gaold.'

There is a maze there.

'Now, I can see the maze in my eyes.'

As the Tiara's dominance weakened, Sein barely got up and stood up.

'To be honest, Gaold, what you're doing is neither love nor anything. But that's why I'm counting on you.'

A love that is so pure that it is rather ugly.

'If it's an equivalent exchange of pain and desire, you have enough right to desire. No one can blame you. So go.'

Sein's iron wheel eyes rotated at a terrifying speed and realized two huge light wheels in reality.

Iron Wheel Eye-Equilibrium.

Kakakakakakaka!

The Tiara of Heaven screamed as the rule of domination was cut by the gear.

Sein, who had destroyed the magic with all his might, shouted at Gaold.

"Gaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Kwang!

Gaold's body started to move forward like an arrow again.

A huge heart that sprang from his chest wrapped him up.

-I am your heart, your desire. Go, Gaold!

"Kraaaaaaaaa!"

Gaold rushed like a demon, screaming evilly.

All his nerves twitched, blood tears flowed from his eyes, and his tongue soaked in blood turned red and hung down to his chin.

Distance to the maze, 10 kilometers.

"Lord Surt! He has escaped from the path of desire! He will soon enter Dogae Bridge!"

"I know! Prepare for the whole army to advance!"

All the elite soldiers that Surt had went down below the gate to block Dogae Bridge.

Now looking at Gaold, who was gradually revealing his body, Miro slowly got up and stood up.

'Are you really... coming?'

Thump thump.

Miro's forehead broke out in a cold sweat as he heard his heart beating.
[Translated block]