


[716] What do you get? (5)

* * *

Hwangseong Aganos.

Uorin, who returned to her room quickly with a frantic walk, slammed the door shut and leaned on the dressing table with her hand.

"Ha! Ha!"

Her heart was still beating fast.

'Why is my heart?'

It was the first time in 800 years that the heartbeat of Teraje exceeded the normal level.

"No! No!"

It was an empire that she had built up after thousands of years of preparation, and it was the best body made from thousands of genes.

What about the mind?

The transcendent mind dominated all the emotions of this world, and no one could touch her emotions in reverse.

"I won't give it. No one can get my heart!"

Gando opened the door and came in.

"Your Majesty! What on earth is going on?"

It was the first time Uorin had shown a bewildered look, so Gando was almost scared.

"We have to end it now. If we miss the timing, we will lose the means to suppress Shirone."

"......"

Uorin looked into the mirror of the dressing table.

'Do you like it?'

She felt dizzy and her chest churned as she thought Shirone would judge this appearance.

"Your Majesty."

Uorin suddenly turned her body.

"Gando, am I ugly?"

"Huh?"

Gando frowned as if puzzled by Uorin's expression, which was flushed.

"Are you pretty? How pretty are you?"

'What on earth is going on.'

Uorin had obtained the most beautiful appearance of a woman by scraping together all the superior genes that existed in the world.

'Absolute confidence. Perfect human.'

It was unbelievable that Teraje doubted her appearance and even asked others.

'This is dangerous. No, it's not dangerous. She is still powerful and still perfect.'

Teraje is Teraje.

Gando did not know what result a very small crack engraved on the empire of glory would bring.

* * *

Shirone followed Panica into the temple.

There was a statue presumed to be a god of codename in a round hall with a hole like a small chapel of Yorgyo.

"Ikael?"

The outstanding facial features, the wings of light spread wide, and the halo floating above his head were clearly statues of angels.

'No, is it a misunderstanding?'

Angels are mostly beautiful, and the statue in front of them has omitted detailed expressions, so they couldn't be sure.

'But why does it feel so familiar?'

It felt familiar as if he had touched and polished this statue every day.

Codename 1, Drain stood side by side next to Shirone and looked up at the statue and said.

"Our goddess Ataraxia."

Shirone's head turned sharply.

"Ataraxia?"

What suddenly came to mind was one statue that Arius, a grave robber, tried to steal by infiltrating his mother's psychology.

It was Ataraxia's original concept that Ikael had left directly in Shirone's mind through possession.

'But why here?'

Drain continued to explain without knowing why Shirone was puzzled.

"Codename is a city governed by Goddess Ataraxia. That's why people from other cities don't have codes. Like you."

Drain, who is most loved by Ataraxia, smiled kindly and tapped Shirone's shoulder.

"Don't worry. Once you enter this city, anyone can be embraced by the goddess. If you receive her grace, you can perform miracles with human body. Life span increases, diseases are cured, or divine knowledge is obtained."

Codename 9, Gale snorted.

"The biggest problem is that not everyone can get it. Try praying hard to the goddess now. You have to be at least over 200,000 to live like a human, right?"

Shirone turned to Gale and snapped back.

"It's not unhappy because of low rank. They are unhappy because people like you harass them."
[Translated block]


```text
"Hahaha! You talk a lot, don't you? Just be honest and say you're scared. No matter what code you get, you'll be below me anyway."

It was definitely a difficult thing to get the ninth highest code among more than 420,000 people.

The existence of Ikael gave him some hope, but he couldn't be sure of his rank without knowing the criteria.

"How do I get a code?"

"The method is simple. You kneel before the goddess and pray sincerely. We call this [petition]."

In Codename, where life changed depending on what code you got, petitioning was the most important ritual.

Panica hinted softly.

"It's a fact that only the rankers know, but you can petition as many times as you want."

"What? So you get a different code every time?"

"Yeah. That's why the rankers are gathered at the temple. The middle class would die if they came here."

Gale's desire to kill him when he found out that Siro was a Munsuin was understandable.

"But there's hardly any change in rank among the rankers. The gap is not big. Rather, there are many cases where the rank drops."

If it was a life within 1,000 out of 420,000 people, there would be no need to gamble.

'But it must be different from the middle class. They're all here to prevent the reversal of class.'

Siro would not have been able to set foot here if he was not Codename 97 Panica.

Panica said cautiously.

"The standard of petitioning is to kneel and pray. But there are rumors that there are special ways to get a high code. Some people strip off all their clothes, some people bow every step from the front of the temple."

Panica's voice became smaller.

"I fasted for 10 days before petitioning."

He thought he had tried everything he could as a human without knowing the exact criteria for petitioning.

'No. This is not like that.'

Codename was the only world for them, but for Siro it was one of the 19,000 that Geofin sealed.

If the original space-time was isolated and developed into a completely different world, this place would have been a very long time ago when Ikael stayed.

'Ikael......'

Siro knew the terrible history of Ikael, who destroyed the world of humans as an archangel trusted by Anke Ra.

'What did Geofin think when he sealed that era?'

When Siro stalled for time, Gale snapped.

"Hey, hurry up. Don't try to do the same as those born in Codename with Munsuin! "

Petitioning was like superstition, but Gale wanted him to get a low code somehow and didn't wait patiently.

"Gale! You know how important this is, right? You have to give him time to prepare his mind."

Panica took his side, but Siro didn't care about petitioning.

"I'll start."

Siro approached the statue of Ikael and reached out his hand.

"Hey, that's......"

Gale stepped forward to stop him from making an impious petition, but Drain shook his head and stopped him.

"It's okay. It's up to the goddess to judge."

Gale didn't argue any more, thinking that it was Siro's loss if he angered the goddess.

Siro looked up and asked.

"Ikael, come back."

The artificial brain translated Siro's words, but they sounded like strange spells to the people of Codename.

"Hey, what are you talking about? And Ikael? To our gracious Ataraxia goddess......"

As Gale couldn't stand it and tried to step forward again, the statue shook and the temple vibrated.

"What, what is this!"

The rankers looked around anxiously at an event that had never happened in Codename.

"The goddess......"

Drain, who never lost his confidence in any situation, opened his mouth blankly as he saw the statue shedding tears.

"Huuuuuk!"

As a code began to be engraved on Siro's forehead, the rankers entered the temple.
```
[Translated block]


"What's going on?"

No one answered, and Drain, Gail, and Panica stared blankly at the code wrapped in pale light.

"Ikael! This is...!"

As Shirone felt the uncontrollable amplification of her mind and clenched her teeth, the moment she lowered her head.

"Uaaaaaa!"

The statue shattered and a huge Ataraxia unfolded above Shirone's head.

'It's expanding endlessly!'

Nothing passed through the magic circle, but the concept of amplification alone was enough to shake the world.

'I see.'

As the code on her forehead became clear, the secret of the codename seeped in at the speed of light.

'This world is...'

While Shirone was lost in thought, the rankers looked at the code engraved on her forehead with their eyes wide open.

"What, what is that?"

427,621

The rankers who confirmed Shirone's code murmured.

"Isn't that a bottom dweller? No, wait a minute. If it's 427,621, isn't that the last number?"

It was a reaction that had never been seen before in the ranking system, so Drain, who was annoyed, sighed with relief.

'Then that's it. Was it a curse of the goddess a while ago?'

"Poo...!"

Gail burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! Last place! It's last place!"

In front of such a dramatic number that even pity did not arise, the rankers also looked like they were holding back their laughter.

"I'm really crazy. I've never seen such a number in my life. I'll teach you what kind of person you are from now on."

Panica blocked Gail's front.

"Stop it! To someone who is already having a hard time!"

There was no need to tease someone who had been sentenced to the most miserable life in the city.

"No, that's not it. Isn't it a rebellion against the rankers that the last place came to the temple? I'll show you an example here."

Gail pushed Panica aside and gave Drain a look as if asking for permission. Drain stepped back.

'It's his fault for surprising me.'

Mercy was possible only when he was in first place.

"So, where should I break it?"

As Gail tried to grab Shirone's collar, the rankers suddenly panicked and looked around.

"What? Why?"

The code engraved on each of their foreheads began to emit light, and Drain was no exception.

'This is code conversion...'

Before he could finish his thought, he felt his power drain away along with a terrible headache.

"Uaaaaaa! Head! Head!"

The rankers who saw Drain's newly engraved number were horrified.

427,622

"No way!"

The chain reaction that started from Drain reached Gail and his code was converted to 427,630.

"It hurts! My head hurts!"

The rankers who fell to the floor in order of high code all grabbed their heads and screamed.

"No! My power! How did I get this power!"

The codes of 427,620 people living in the city were all pushed back one by one based on Shirone.

No one could use their power, which meant that everyone in Codename was equal.

As the screams spread throughout the city subsided, sobbing sounds flowed into the temple.

"No. It must be a dream."

Those who were rankers until a while ago shed tears with the numbers of despised commoners engraved on them.

"Even if it's just a dream..."

Shirone approached and Gail backed away with his butt.

"Heek!"

"That's not how it works."

Shirone passed by Gail, who was trembling with fear, and looked around where the statue had been destroyed.

The original Ataraxia was destroyed, but another Ataraxia remained.

'This is Ikael's dream.'

The standard of Codename 847 that Geopin isolated was Ikael himself.

"And now..."

A new Ataraxia. Shirone looked at the people lying outside the temple and said.

"I'm the standard."

There was no such thing as power in Shirone's world.
[Translated block]