


```text
[351] The Prosecutor's Belief (3)

"Do you think you're something just because you put on a rank badge? I wasn't just playing around either, no matter what my grades were. I'm confident that I won't lose to anyone in swordsmanship."

"Do you think transcending the divine is a big deal?"

Reina looked at Rai with surprise.

She had casually mentioned Lian's transcendence of the divine before. But it was strange that he remembered it, considering his personality that only cared about himself.

"Transcending the physical? How impressive. Should I clap for you?"

Sparks flew in Lian's eyes.

"What? You right now...!"

"If you rely on something like that, your body will break first."

Lian's mouth closed.

"Yes, transcending the divine is certainly a difficult state to achieve. But that doesn't mean it's great. There are many things in the world that are difficult but useless. It might be harder to dig up a mountain with a shovel. But no one does that. What do you want to do by transcending the physical? You're a human being made of flesh and blood. Transcending the divine? You might be a little stronger than others, but that's it."

It was a cruel thing to say, but it was also true.

Shirone, who had reached a similar state as Lian, couldn't refute it this time either. Transcending the mental. To surpass the limit of magic through the power of incarnation. But if you surpass the feedback, your mind will eventually collapse.

Lian clenched his teeth and barely spat out.

"Shut up. What do you know? You've never experienced it anyway."

"Yes, I can't do it. How great. Cheer up."

Rai turned his body again. And before he left the room, he said.

"Congratulations. You've finally been able to do something I can't."

Lian heard the sound of his reason breaking. He couldn't control his fast-beating heart, and his body trembled involuntarily.

It was uncertain how much transcending the divine would work in real combat. But it was also the only hope that came like a miracle after practicing for more than ten years.

"...Wait."

Rai ignored Lian's words and moved his steps.

"I'm busy. It's your business, so do whatever you want."

"I told you to wait!"

The room shook with Lian's scream. The reason why no one was surprised was because they expected that it would explode by now.

Rai turned around with a look of annoyance and faced Lian who walked up to him.

"Agent Rai, I challenge you to a duel. Let's fight with real swords."

Reina frowned as if she knew he would do that.

"Lian, you keep..."

"No, I'm serious. If I lose to Rai, I'll go back to school. How about that? Is that enough to make you fight?"

Rai snorted and said.

"I don't care if you go to school or not. If you want to quit, do it yourself. Don't bother me."

"Ha ha! Is that so? Are you scared and running away?"

Rai's face twisted slightly.

"You're afraid of me? That's ridiculous."

"Aha, are you busy then? You act so cocky, but your excuses are lame. Didn't you always say that you could finish someone like me with one sword? Or what? Is that what you mean by a swordsman? A guy who only plays with rank badges and talks?"

"Haa."

Rai rubbed his face tiredly and nodded his head as if sympathizing.

"Fine, I'll give you a duel. Wait for me at the training ground. Get ready and come out."

He turned coldly and headed for the door, then looked back at Lian as if he remembered something.

"And you, don't provoke me anymore. You have no talent for that either."

"That bastard...!"

As Lian tried to rush out, Shirone grabbed his arm and stopped him.

"Calm down, Lian. You're the one who got provoked."

"Ah."

Lian realized belatedly and calmed his mind.

That didn't mean his anger disappeared. He hated Rai so much that he wanted to die for making fun of him with his tongue that didn't work at all. Of course, Shirone only thought that Lian was too naive.
```
[Translated block]


Tes, who had been listening to the conversation outside, came in with a glance.

"Rian, are you really going to do it? If you lose, you'll have to go back to the swordsmanship school."

"Hmph, have you ever seen me go back on my word?"

"That's not what I mean......"

Tes turned his gaze slightly and glanced at Kuan. Now that he had made it clear that he would not accept the withdrawal form, even if Rian changed his mind, there would be additional problems.

But Rian didn't care.

If he lost to Rai, he would kneel down and beg, and he would definitely go back to school even if he had to lose face. If they didn't accept him, he was determined to stay in front of the school gate.

"I'm going to do it. It's a promise. But I'm not going back. I challenged him with the intention of winning."

Rian looked around at Klump.

"Grandpa, you're okay with this, right?"

Klump crossed his arms and was deep in thought. And finally his eyes opened wide.

"Let's go to the training ground."

* * *

The training ground was set up behind Reyna's mansion. Reyna lived there as well as Klump and Rai, but Rai was busy with his daily dispatch life and Klump mostly stayed at the general's barracks, so it was not well maintained.

In the center of the small field that only had a semblance of a shape, Rai came out with his clothes loosened and waited for everyone with a sword on his waist. While Rian was getting ready, Reyna approached Rai with a worried expression.

"Hey, are you really going to do this? I don't like this kind of thing. There's no need for brothers to fight with real swords."

"Just leave me alone and let me do what I want. If I don't do this, do you think that idiot will agree?"

"What if something goes wrong?"

"That's something I'll think about when it happens. Anyway, isn't this a good thing for you from your point of view? That idiot will go back to school."

It would be a relief for Reyna if the duel ended safely and Rian obediently accepted it. But since it was a duel between two people who couldn't mix like water and oil, she couldn't get rid of her anxiety.

"Well, anyway. Just do it gently and finish it quickly."

"I'm busy too. I'll do that without you telling me."

Reyna shrugged her shoulders. Rai was self-centered but had a clear sense of reason, and unlike Rian, he was a brother who didn't need nagging from an early age.

'Well, there's someone else I really need to worry about.'

Rian was in the corner of the training ground, glaring at Rai and taking deep breaths.

Tes came over and rubbed Rian's shoulders and arms vigorously. His muscles were tense, and it seemed like a meaningful duel for Rian, who was bold.

"Come on, come on! Fighting! Relax!"

Tes did his best to cheer up Rian. Of course, he didn't like Rian quitting school, but he hated seeing someone being humiliated by someone else even more.

Rian remained silent and focused on calming his mind. It was a duel that he couldn't afford to lose in front of his family, Kuan instructor, and even Shirone.

Reyna came over and tapped Rian's shoulder.

"I'm neutral for today's duel. So just do it moderately. Don't be stubborn."

"Hmph, you'd better worry about Rai. I'm not the same as I used to be."

Reyna didn't say anything.

Rai wasn't thinking about losing at all, and Reyna felt the same way. She had also wielded a sword once in her life, so she knew better than anyone else the gap in skill.

'There's probably no chance for Rian to win. Rai is not the type to spare his brother's face.'

As Klump and Kuan entered the training ground, Rian picked up the straight sword he had received from his grandfather.

Behind Rian's back as he walked to the battlefield, Shirone said.

"Rian, win."

Rian turned his head and smiled. He couldn't find any sign of tension that he had before.

"No problem. Leave it to me."

When Rian arrived at the center of the training ground, Rai took out the black sword he had on his waist. It was longer and thinner than a normal sword, but it was a straight sword that suited Ogent swordsmanship, and it was made of black iron so it had a high hardness.

Rai swung his black sword lightly in an X shape
[Translated block]


"Let's start quickly. I want to rest."

"It's not resting, it's lying sick. I don't know if it's a dispatch or what, but you should cancel it."

"Whatever it is, just hurry up and attack."

Rai seemed reluctant to even answer Lian's words.

Lian was displeased with that. He couldn't see Rai, who learned any skill in an instant, as a family member who had no talent at all.

He suddenly remembered the ridicule he saw when they competed in their childhood.

"I guess I should thank you for accepting the match anyway. Today is the end of our bad karma."

Lian held up his greatsword with one hand and aimed at him. The precarious balance that surpassed the human limit was intimidating just by looking at it.

Rai slashed his black sword diagonally. It was still a sword-like pole that touched the ground.

The gap between the greatsword and the black sword was close. But the black sword was lighter and faster.

'I'm behind in skills anyway.'

Lian designed the battle. It was a simple strategy as his personality.

'I'll crush him with strength!'

The moment he clenched his teeth, his eyes lit up. A powerful kick pushed his body forward.

"Here I go!"

Lian swung his greatsword and charged. The power of the heavy greatsword falling from 3 meters high was imaginable without being hit.

At the same time, black flashes from Rai's body penetrated into Lian's gaps. Lian switched to defense before he could swing his sword halfway.

Rai's fast and sharp attack hammered the surface of the greatsword like a blacksmith's hammering.

"Kruk!"

Lian's body flinched at the unexpected heavy impact.

It felt different from Tes's three swords. It was a swordsmanship that was fast and accurate, but had the unique power of the Ogent family.

Once he gave up the initiative, Lian was pushed endlessly. The process of being pushed was so one-sided that it seemed impossible to regain the initiative.

Rai danced as if he was performing a sword dance alone on an empty lot.

As Lian reached the end of the training ground, a sigh came out of the mouths of those watching. It was a swordsmanship that made even Tes, who cheered for Lian, lose his mind.

"Yaaaaa!"

Lian's sword drew horizontally. The air burned and made a sound.

Lian took a step forward, barely creating space. But he couldn't do anything against Rai's lightning-fast attack and retreated again.

Rai didn't stop attacking. It was like he was trapped and beaten.

Lian's counterattacks decreased, and eventually he seemed to have trouble blocking them.

'Tsk, there's no improvement, no improvement.'

Rai didn't want to waste time on a boring match.

He hammered Lian's sword intensively to distract him, then turned his black sword upside down and stabbed it into the ground. As soon as the blade stuck in, a vibration came through Lian's feet.

"What...!"

As Lian looked down in surprise, the ground swelled up like wind blowing underground, then exploded with a bang.

"Kruk!"

The shock wave that exploded the ground hit both feet and caused cramps in his calf muscles.

The name of the technique was Earth Explosion.

It was when Rai stabbed his sword into the ground at the age of twelve.

Lian couldn't keep his balance with his knees shaking. He held up his greatsword with only his upper body strength rather than sitting down.

Rai's black sword slammed into him with a thud, and vibrations came through the greatsword.

Lian clenched his teeth and held back a scream.

It felt like his arm muscles were torn apart. The shock wave that flowed through his body burst outwards, making his clothes pop and pop. His clothes were torn as if he had been stabbed by dozens of knives.

Lian glared at Rai with a heavy expression. Rai's expression was still indifferent as he held up his black sword.

The spectators sensed that the match was over. Even if he looked fine on the outside, he wouldn't have any muscles left to move properly after being hit by the shock wave.
[Translated block]
The second son of the Ogent family, Ogent Rai.

His skills were real.
[Translated block]