
```
[315] The Wheel of Causality (7)

Shirone, who was still in mental shock, lay down on the bed and fell asleep. On the opposite bed, Vincent and Olina were sitting, and Amy was sitting on the floor looking at the scenery outside the window.

Reina, who was lost in thought, said with a dazed expression.

"Phew, it was a really long four days."

Amy, who was enjoying the breeze, turned around.

"I know. I was really surprised. Orkamp wasn't his biological parents."

Vincent shook his head as he recalled the time.

"I was surprised too. I thought I would have to bury my bones here without moving when my wife went into the Grand Hall."

Reina looked at Olina.

"What are you going to do? Are you going to tell Shirone the truth?"

"I thought about it, but I think it's better not to. He'll find out eventually anyway."

Amy asked.

"Why? The Queen Eliza even gave us a document saying that he wasn't her son. You have to make sure that Shirone knows that such a woman is never his mother."

"I saw his eyes when he entered the Grand Hall. Maybe he already knew. That they weren't his biological parents."

Reina agreed with her.

"That's true, he's smart and quick-witted. Shirone said that he had no parents except for you two. Maybe he said that assuming that other biological parents might come looking for him?"

It made sense when they thought about it. At first they thought it was a word spat out of betrayal, but Shirone wasn't the type to act like that.

"He's a good kid. He shouted in front of the queen, but he's actually a generous son. I'm ashamed to face my son for getting him involved in this."

Reina offered words of consolation.

"Don't think like that. It couldn't be helped. They abandoned their son in the same area and time, and there was only one case of a child being abandoned at that time."

"Wait a minute!"

Amy raised her hand as if she realized something.

The maid who abandoned her son said she left him at the stable in the Valley of Dawn. That's why Shirone was invited to Wangseong as a strong candidate. But the result broke their expectations and they weren't father and son.

"Then who on earth... is Shirone?"

Everyone who realized the meaning of the question fell silent.

If he wasn't Orkamp's child, then whose child was Shirone who was abandoned?

Vincent recalled the vivid events of that day. He heard a child crying in his sleep and headed to the stable. But there was no trace of anyone entering the stable.

What happened that night? Why couldn't they find Orkamp's child? What did Shirone realize that he said such words to Orkamp?

He buried countless answers in his depths and Shirone was only asleep.

* * *

Armin arrived at Tosuka Village. He was able to hear that Shirone was safe on his way back.

But now he had his own problem left. If rumors spread that he was involved with a Black Line mage, the upper echelons wouldn't sit still.

'It'll be okay. I made sure to explain.'

He explained to Amy why he wore a mask, so she would keep her promise.

Even if she didn't, it couldn't be helped. That's the basis of trust.

Armin let go of his mind and looked up at the house surrounded by a time field. It was quiet as death.

He sighed and cast Flicker magic, and the scenery inside the room greeted him.

As soon as he arrived at the place where he cast Stop magic, the flow of time returned and the vase shattered loudly.

Kira glared at Armin. She was distracted by the falling vase and couldn't confirm how much Armin's position had changed.

"How many days... have passed?"

"Well, about four days..."

Kira bit her lip and suppressed her anger.

"So you went after all? Even though I told you not to?"
```
[Translated block]


"What are you talking about?"

"Don't even think about fooling me! Otherwise, you wouldn't have set up a time reversal field!"

Armin lied calmly.

"I was just angry and needed some time to think."

Kira snorted. Who would believe that? 

But the reason why she was furious was because there was no way to verify it. The fact that he lied so confidently meant that he didn't leave any traces. Therefore, he still had the upper hand in the situation.

"Okay, I get it. I'll talk to the higher-ups. For now, report to me."

"I'll say it again, I didn't go anywhere."

Kira gritted her teeth.

He was stubborn since he joined the organization, so once he shut his mouth, there was no way to make him talk.

Then a small bird made of red light came through the wall. It was a telebird sent by the higher-ups.

The level of photon shaping was one thing, but flying 78,000 kilometers and delivering information was impossible for anyone but a magician who had reached the limit of information magic.

The red light of the telebird meant a first-class crisis situation.

The bird glowed red and carved letters in the air. Kira's face turned pale as she deciphered the code in real time.

"That's impossible. It can't be this fast...."

Armin watched the red bird disappear like a flame and walked to the window. If it had been before he went to Kazra, he would have thought the same as Kira, but not now.

"I changed my mind. Let's go back, Kira. We have something to report to the higher-ups."

He wasn't someone who would give up his stubbornness for a simple whim. Kira guessed that the incident in Kazra and the one reported by the telebird were not completely unrelated.

"You know something, don't you?"

Armin remained silent until the end.

He hoped that Sirona could enjoy his school days a little bit. When everyone finds out, the world will never leave him alone.

'Maybe we'll meet sooner than expected, Sirona.'

One-third (1)

The Kingdom of Kazra cut off all diplomatic channels.

There was no official statement. They only reported through the hotline that they had handed over their sovereignty to the Kashan Empire.

The allied countries were dissatisfied, but they couldn't openly exert their power because of Teraze's resistance.

It was the power of the Three Emperors, and so the Kingdom of Kazra drifted away from the attention of the world.

Sirona took a few days off and returned to school. The advanced class curriculum was over, but the graduation test, which was the best event of the magic school, was approaching tomorrow, so the atmosphere on campus was hot.

Returning to magic school meant that he was not a royal family, so his classmates' attitude towards Sirona was still cold. However, since it wasn't certain, they couldn't pour out abusive words like before.

He was secretly upset before he left school, but compared to what he had suffered in Kazra, it was nothing but a child's play. Besides, he had a lot of worries lately, so he didn't care about other people's thoughts.

There was a monster sleeping in his heart.

There was evidence that some huge memory existed, that he felt a sense of emptiness in his brain.

At first it was just a feeling. Then, as he settled down, it became clear like a fossil being excavated.

Some memories were completely lost, while others became clearer as he remembered them vividly.

It was unbearable when Masha forcibly expanded his mind.

No, was it really?

In fact, he tasted a sense of liberation at the end of pain. The feeling of accelerating through runaway was ecstatic like being drunk on drugs, and he felt a thrill every time magic was activated.

'No. That wasn't me.'

It wasn't me. It was a new being that combined Masha and Sirona's avatars. But if he followed the chain of thought, he would eventually conclude that it was also himself.

Masha is still sleeping deep inside Sirona. And he still held the key to unlock the seal.
[Translated block]


`You must not open it. If you can't control me, nothing can be mine.’

He drank because he was weak. He needed a strong power that would not waver in any situation to reverse the master-slave relationship.

Sirone went to the training ground. There were no students because the regular course was over.

He practiced a series of formulas for about an hour and calmly opened his eyes and focused on the photons. When he took the magical action of holding a ball with both hands, photons were born between his palms.

Mashin expanded his mind until the elasticity of the diamond body collapsed. It was not something that could be thought of as a calculated attempt. If it weren't for the diamond body, he would have been a cripple stuck in a corner.

Sirone was surprised by the different compression force of the photons.

He had also rebounded his mind every day to strengthen the spirit zone when preparing for the presentation of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society. But this time it was an extreme rebound that could not be compared with that.

When he concentrated on God's particles, the light source of the photon cannon gradually shrank and turned into a white sphere with a clear outline. It was like looking at platinum burning in the sun.

If you compress it further, density will skyrocket and dark spheres will be born, but inevitably a situation where you lose control will occur.

Sirone pressed down on the photons up and down. When he threw the flattened photon, the flash quickly bent and cut through space and came back.

He caught it and split it in two, then shaped it into a spear shape. As soon as he reached out his hands, the spear pierced through space and returned with a reverse rotation.

He split it into smaller pieces even though it did not collapse after two shapings.

He shaped eight swords with a bird-like body with crescent-shaped wings attached to them and put them between his fingers.

As he swung his arms crosswise like an X, eight swords reacted sensitively to air pressure and scratched all over with a sound like a swarm of locusts flying. If a beast jumped into the radius, it would instantly become meat juice.

Sirone scooped up four swords each with both hands that lost their power and slowed down. The density was considerably weakened. As soon as he lumped together the swords like clay, photons exploded and scattered blade-like flashes. Petal-like sparkling light fragments floated in front of his eyes.

“Hmm…….”

He was able to shape finely without using fractal cells by controlling the luminosity of photons. Function comes from form, so the usability of magic using photons was incomparable to before.

But Sirone didn't look satisfied.

He scratched his chin and was lost in thought when he felt someone behind him. He turned his head and saw Iruki and Nade gaping their mouths open.

“When did you guys come?”

Nade couldn't answer because he was speechless.

He thought it was like Sirone to go to the training ground as soon as he returned, but it was rather the opposite. He was using magic at a completely different level from before.

“What was that just now? Is it a new magic you developed? What's its name?”

“There's no name for it. I was just trying this and that. I can control the luminosity of photons. But I think it's inefficient to use it as a weapon. I need to think more.”

Photons are inherently weak in shaping, so magic that involves shaping consumes a lot of mental power. Unless it had an effect far superior to photon cannon, there was no reason to change it to attack magic.

Iruki came to a conclusion.

“So you're saying that we were amazed by magic that was nothing more than an experiment. The kind of garbage that you'll never look at again, that kind of garbage.”

“……No, not that much.”

Iruki laughed and asked.

“What happened? I heard that the rule went to Kashan.”
[Translated block]