


[322] Momentary Rift (4)

Ordon's mouth kept moving on the way to the top floor. It was mostly trivial talk, but Kang Nan didn't show any annoyance and matched his words.

"How many of the Torumia are from magic schools?"

"I know it's about 72 percent."

"Oh, that's similar to Yakma. Good judgment. You can trust the school graduates. The street graduates only know one thing. They have poor adaptability, and what can you do with those guys?"

Kang Nan felt bad when someone who had nothing to do with magic interfered with the association's work.

"But wouldn't it be possible to say that they have higher improvisation skills in practice?"

"Ha ha! Improvisation? It must be petty."

'Dirty bureaucracy.'

Kang Nan's lips twisted.

She was also not a school graduate. Well, how would someone who only sees numbers written on documents know reality?

Kang Nan, who opened the door of the reception room and entered, looked around the room and sighed. Even though a messenger from another country had come, the person staying on the same floor had not arrived yet.

"Please wait here. I'll bring the association president."

As if it was a predetermined procedure, Kang Nan resolved the situation and closed the door of the reception room.

From then on, her footsteps quickened.

The sound of high heels with a breath of life stopped abruptly. She turned her body at a right angle and knocked on the door of the president's office.

"This is Kang Nan. I'm going in."

There was no answer. Kang Nan didn't expect it anyway, and she opened the door vigorously.

The room was filled with hot heat, and sweat smelled vibrated. The man sitting on the sofa terrorized her eyes.

Not only did he wear square panties that exposed his crotch, but he also embarrassingly spread his legs wide
[Translated block]


"You're so damn annoying. You don't leave me alone for a second."

"Receiving the death god is a matter of courtesy every second. Please don't act like an ugly duckling."

Kang Nan rolled his eyes and muttered as he finished speaking.

"Duckling..."

Gaold raised his head.

"What, bastard?"

"...Don't act like one."

"That's what you said before!"

Kang Nan pushed up his horn-rimmed glasses with a calm expression and walked to the closet. He took out the association president's clothes by hand, and Gaold had no choice but to get up on his knees.

"Tsk! Just don't make a big deal out of it. I'll give you a punch."

He wiped his sweat roughly with a towel and changed his clothes.

He threw the robe on the floor and left the room. Gaold headed for the reception room with big strides.

He opened the door and Ordon greeted him with a bright face. He couldn't treat the secretary-general and the association president the same way.

After finishing the greetings, Ordon got to the point. He was still the top death god, and his eyes changed as soon as he got into work.

A staff member brought a portable video recording device to the table. Then a small safe arrived, and Ordon unlocked it himself. When he opened the safe, there was an ObscuraB inside.

"Currently, strange phenomena are occurring in various parts of the world, including Yakma. Let's watch the video first."

When he connected the ObscuraB to the device, a video appeared. The scenery of a provincial city that still had an ancient style appeared.

Gaold, who had been watching darkly, suddenly lit up his eyes and showed interest.

People who had dozens of tongues in their mouths were eating other people.

Following the screams, the defense force came out. But the situation got out of control as the defense force bitten by the mutants caused the same mutation.

"This is an incident that happened in a region called Kuberin. I couldn't get any videos from other countries besides Yakma. But there are rumors that a similar disease has spread. In some areas, ghosts have appeared."

Gaold focused only on the video.

In the end, a special force of Wangseong came out and suppressed the mutants. Some of them were inspectors that Gaold knew by name.

The magicians who collected samples cast a huge flame and burned down the whole village.

"I dissected the dead right after the incident. Any kind of mutation is based on existing characteristics. But the mutation of the dead did not match any characteristics of any living thing here."

Gaold returned to his dark attitude. And he yawned as if he wasn't interested.

"So what, are you saying this came from space or something?"

The video that Ordon showed him must have been Yakma's top secret information. Showing it to a magician from another country and providing key information meant that they had something to gain from it.

Ordon, Yakma's top diplomat, couldn't have missed Gaold's change.

But he didn't come here today to set up a negotiation table. It was an inter-national matter, and countries around the world were paying attention to this place.

"There seems to be a problem with...the space-time of the labyrinth."

Gaold's eyes flickered for a moment as if he was tired. But it was only a fleeting change, and he soon returned to his calm face.

"So what? What do you want me to do?"

"I want to investigate the space-time of the labyrinth. But as you know, it's a place that can only be reached through Thorumia Kingdom... Of course, I'm not asking you to open it independently. I already got Valkyrie's approval."

"Exactly, it's Alpheus Magic School."

Gaold showed his displeasure.

There are memories that he can never forget even if he becomes a cripple who loses his memory without fail. The memories that are vivid in his brain as if they were real are still whipping Gaold's mind and body cruelly.

Gaold leaned back and crossed his legs. He didn't have any manners left in his head.

Kang Nan sighed. But he didn't care about that either.

"I'll think about it. Go back for now."

Some possible responses from user B are:

-
[Translated block]


Ordon's expression changed absurdly at the unexpected answer.

"Think about it? Do you think I came here to ask you for a favor? This is cooperation between countries. I already know that His Majesty Adolf has agreed...."

Gaold's facial muscles twisted abnormally. As if a devil's soul had settled on Gaold's face, two extreme expressions appeared at the same time.

"Will I bow down if you mention the king's name? Adolf? What kind of kid is that? No one can go without my permission."

As the air heated up, the furniture in the reception room began to sway. The psychic wave caused by the collision of the emotion to kill Ordon and the emotion to suppress it was moving things.

This was an extreme skill that far exceeded the limit of humans. This time, even Gangnan could not intervene and swallowed his saliva.

Ordon had a hallucination.

The reception room disappeared and only Gaold and he were sitting face to face in the middle of hell fire all around. He smelled sulfur and heard the screams of demons beyond the wall of fire.

What kind of life did this man live? He had met countless people who were said to be vicious in the world, but he was the first to make him terrified.

'The president of the Magic Association of Thorumia is a madman....'

Gangnan seemed to know why he had beaten up many nobles and still not been kicked out of the association. The head of the association was a lunatic who did not allow anyone to follow him.

"Get out. Before I kill you."

He was a human who called his own king a kid. Ordon realized that there was no lie in Gaold's words and screamed and ran out of the reception room as soon as the hallucination disappeared. The urine that came down his pants followed along the floor.

The incident that had already happened could not be reversed, so the reception room was shrouded in heavy silence.

As Gaold's spirit subsided, Gangnan sat in Ordon's seat and said.

"Did you have to go this far? You could have sent him back with good words."

"He's an unlucky kid. You were satisfied too."

"Well... I can't deny it."

Gaold took out a cigar from his pocket and bit it. When he snapped his fingers, a flame rose and lit it.

Gaold was the only one who could use magic in the association where the magic control device was operated.

"Do you want to investigate Miro's space-time? Why don't you just stick your neck out and smash your back head?"

"But what really happened? If there is a problem with Miro's space-time, Thorumia should be the first place where abnormal phenomena appear."

"Maybe so. It just hasn't materialized yet. They said it was Kuberin where tongue monsters appeared, right? It's where the ancient Colosseum was."

"What does that mean?"

"They're not creatures. A kind of... concept, I guess. That concept came over here and settled in an area where human thoughts are concentrated, something like that?"

Gangnan obediently nodded his head.

If Gaold said so, it was so. No one in Valkyrie's leadership knew as much about Miro and Heaven as Gaold did.

"Why did such a phenomenon happen?"

"They couldn't cross over. The most likely assumption is that there was a crack above a certain level in Miro's space-time. Miro would be able to recover from that much. But he won't last long."

Gaold leaned back on the backrest and put the cigar in his mouth between his fingers. The harsh cigarette smoke filled the reception room.

"Gangnan, you'll have to go."

Gangnan straightened his waist and put both hands on his knees.

"Please order me."

"Soon there will be similar incidents here. Investigate everything. Focus on finding places where ancient thoughts gather. Ruins, colosseums, holy places."

Gangnan wrote down Gaold's orders in his notebook and headed for the door with a kick. There was no need to operate a carriage for a solo mission, so he wouldn't be late wherever an incident occurred in the kingdom.

"Oh, and go see Creas while you're at it."
[Translated block]


Kang Nan turned around as he was about to open the door and leave.

"You mean the place where the magic school is? Do you have anything to tell Alpheus?"

Gaold tapped the sofa and was lost in thought.

It was not too early, but if there was a problem with the space-time of the maze, there was no time to delay. It was time to execute the plan he had devoted his life to.

"Meet a child named Shirona once."

(End of Volume 13)
[Translated block]