


```text
[390] Combat readiness posture (3)

"It's amazing, Fermi. How much air did you compress with a thousand presses?"

"That's right. Even if it hits the armor, the shock will be considerable."

Shirone was not impressed. If it had been before, he would have at least applauded, but it was incomparable to Gaold's air gun.

Fermi conquered the master level step by step. When he finished the last movement item, Fly Acrobatic Flight Level 10, applause erupted.

He spun like a screw, went up and drew a big circle, and then freely floated in the air like a butterfly while turning sideways. It was an acrobatic feat that was impossible without perfectly mastering the basics of both press and blow series.

"Fermi, it's all master. 100 points acquired."

It was the moment when Fermi regained his first place in the graduation class.

"It's definitely amazing."

It was rare for Iluki to acknowledge someone.

This time, Shirone had no excuse to refute. It was nothing but an all-master.

"That's right. It seems like he has a very solid foundation."

"No, that's not what I mean. Fermi was also an all-master last year. It's just that his major was different."

Shirone's head turned quickly.

"His major was different?"

"Yeah. He registered earth magic. And two years ago, he did all master with fire magic."

Is it really possible? Changing majors every year is not enough, but doing all masters is ridiculous.

It was an absurd comparison unless he was a high-ranking magician who could handle student-level difficulties. Fermi was a student.

Shirone stared blankly at Fermi. When he saw him draw his neck with his thumb, the emotions of the survival evaluation came up again.

Fermi did all master and became the undisputed first place.

It was an event that inevitably tilted the scales of students who had been weighing Shirone and Fermi until now.

'It's too late to regret it, you bastard. I will never let you graduate until you lick my shoes.'

Shirone got up from his seat after reading the anger in Fermi's eyes. And he said to his friends and headed to the training ground.

"Iluki, Nade. I'll go up first."

Nade and Iluki looked at each other. They trained together every day and knew that Shirone was not yet ready to challenge all masters.

"What are you trying to do? It's a fight that won't benefit you even if you face it head-on. You'll only expose your full power. No, if you fail by any chance, you'll be completely trampled on."

"He must have something in mind. Let's just trust Shirone for now."

The students' eyes focused on Shirone.

Amy and Arin turned their heads as they chatted, and Canis' eyes lit up.

Dante, sitting on the ground, looked at him with his chin propped up.

'Fermi did all master. How are you going to respond?'

The evaluation teacher asked with an evaluation sheet in his hand.

"Shirone, major is God's particle. Challenge task?"

"Power level 7, projectile speed level 8, firing speed level 7, defense level 7......"

Shirone listed items one after another like Fermi.

Until week 7, Shirone's main skill evaluation level was an average of 3.6 levels. Therefore, the level he is reciting now is more than twice that.

"Finally, movement control, I will do level 10."

The teacher's eyes sparkled.

Level 10 is a master level of difficulty. Moreover, the standard for God's particle movement control item was much higher than photon series.

Fermi's all-master seemed to have influenced Shirone's judgment.

But it was also true that there were some shortcomings to compete with Fermi at this level.

In fact, the items Shirone chose were only seven items, and the difficulty level was 7 to 8 levels except for movement.

"What? If you're going to do it, do it or don't do it halfway."

"He's being stubborn. He has to follow some degree so that other students can also conflict between Fermi and Shirone."

"Then it's a huge mistake. With that much, you can't even hurt Fermi by a fingernail. A typical mistake of a freshman. After all, freshmen can't help it?"
```
[Translated block]


```text
It was the opinion of the majority of Class 2.

Dante reserved his judgment and sank into thought. His lips curled up as he blinked quickly and calculated.

'Hmm, that way ...'

Meanwhile, Fermi's party watching from the hill had a face that was confident of victory.

"Kkkk, is it the last struggle? It's cute when you look at it like this, isn't it? Right, Fermi?"

Electric Monster Lycon looked back at Fermi.

Fermi was smiling. But Lycon, who had been with him for years, knew that it was the smile he showed when he was most angry.

'That damn brat ...'

Shirone's first evaluation was a single attribute power item.

It was an item that did not exist in the photon series, but it was newly established based on the fact that the particle of God is mass-based.

When he closed his eyes and concentrated, a sphere of light was born as if pushing out space and compressed at a terrifying speed.

The students' eyes were dyed gold as they watched the suppressed vibrations, and the photon cannon roared and fired.

The flash that hit the glass ball spread out into fragments of light, and the numbers on the dashboard rotated and calculated the power.

2,242 crashes.

It was a figure that far exceeded 1,800 crashes, which is the standard for single attribute power level 7.

When Shirone checked the score and looked back at Fermi, only then did the students start to buzz as if they realized something.

When converted to energy units, 2,242 crashes are roughly equivalent to 8,200 presses.

That is, 2,240 crashes is the destructive power that comes out when compressing air with 8,200 presses.

This is 7.3 times higher than Fermi's 1,123 presses, revealing the strength of God's particles.

Shirone's evaluation continued.

In the projectile speed item, the speed of the photon cannon was a whopping 100 meters per second, which also surpassed Fermi's projectile speed item by far.

Papapapapapapapapang!

Shirone fired a photon cannon at an incredible speed toward the target visible in front of him.

Even though it was daytime, the surroundings flashed brightly, and the students' eyes were filled with afterimages of golden lines.

"165 shots per minute. It's level 7 pass."

Fermi's master item for firing speed standard is 160 shots per minute.

He already overwhelmed Fermi in three items, and now the students realized Shirone's intention.

"That's right. That guy Shirone ..."

The seven items that Shirone presented as challenges were items that were common to both air series.

"He's surpassing all of Fermi's evaluation items."

When the students turned their heads to Fermi, he was covering his face with his palm and looking at Shirone.

His eyes were burning with murderous intent, which only his colleagues knew.

Shirone did not master all.

But even so, he scored higher than Fermi in the same items who mastered all.

The students felt the same. Air series magic can overwhelm at level 7 of God's particles.

"That son of a bitch ..."

Fermi's colleagues were startled. It was his first time showing his emotions so blatantly.

Fermi lowered his hand and smiled with his eyes as he felt the eyes of many students.

'Oops, businessman smile. Businessman smile.'

Businessmen have to be relaxed. Even if debt strangles your neck or a knife sticks in your back just before you die, business is opening up opportunities as long as you have confidence.

Of course, crisis is reality. In fact, students were cutting Fermi's expected income in half and turning it over to Shirone.

Air series is level 7 of God's particles. The strategy of raising stock prices by comparing them with Fermi's numbers worked well.

"You're amazing as always, Shirone hyung."

Aider came up behind Iruki. His major was also air series, so it was natural that he felt bitter.

"It's different from talent. How do you beat someone like that?"

"Talent?"

"That's right. The advantage of the photon series is derived from having no mass. But Shirone hyung can also give mass to it. No one can beat that."
```
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone's magical talent was something that even Iruki acknowledged. But he didn't think he came this far just for that reason.

Talent is just a tool. The speed of digging the ground with bare hands and the speed of digging the ground with a shovel are bound to be different.

If the ground is magic, the shovel is talent.

But no matter how much you have a shovel, the ground will never be dug unless you use your arms, waist, and legs.

That's why a moment of enlightenment is nothing more than an explosion of accumulated training every day.

Shirone did his best every day and broke through his limits every day. Even if it is lacking now, it will eventually accumulate and produce results.

All success in the world, the future begins with knowing that it will definitely come.

"I don't think anyone is born with bare hands."

"Huh?"

Aider looked down at Iruki.

"Some have shovels, some have hammers, some have pens. Those who have shovels dig the ground faster, but they don't write well with it. Talent is not given, but found and developed by oneself. There is something that only air can do. Don't take it lightly what others have found because you haven't found it. Talent is also an effort."

Aider chewed on his words in his head. Although it was a word he spat out because he was displeased to belittle Shirone's efforts, it was more valuable than gold for him.

"Yes. Thank you, Iruki hyung."

Iruki raised his eyebrows and lowered them. He was grateful rather than offended, which was truly the youngest. It was the reason why Aider had no enemies.

"Finally, movement control. Master difficulty. Reaction speed less than 0.8 seconds."

Shirone took a deep breath and calmed his mind. He had exerted six items with all his might, and he felt dizzy for a moment, but it was nothing compared to his previous combat experience.

The evaluation teacher activated navigation, the official evaluation method of Red Line.

A small sphere was born, and inside it was an arrow pointing in a direction like a compass that had lost its polarity.

Movement control is an item that accurately implements the movement suggested by navigation.

The shape, length, and color of the arrow indicate direction, distance, and speed respectively, and the magician must perform it within the reaction speed.

The master difficulty of God's particles is 0.8 seconds reaction speed. It was 0.2 seconds shorter than 1 second, which is the master difficulty of photon series.

At the nerve level, 0.2 seconds is a huge gap.

Nevertheless, the reason why the association set the standard was because they expected that rapid acceleration and deceleration using mass would be possible.

"Reaction speed 0.8 seconds?"

The students had absurd expressions.

Of course, photon series magicians differentiate time and build a series of processes in advance. Patrols, rainbow drops, etc. are applications from there.

But movement control was not an item that moved as it came out of your head.

Navigation will suggest completely different directions, speeds, and distances, and magicians must react immediately.

It was too cruel to ask for a reaction speed of 0.8 seconds in such a situation.

'No, the association's judgment is correct.'

Shirone recalled Colly's teachings. In the end, someone is doing it because it is a standard.

I heard that Etella's movement control reaction speed was 0.1 seconds, which is called superhuman level.

At that level, you can sweep through areas where trees are dense with just teleportation. He also heard that he could avoid attacks with just upper body weaving by repeating teleportation on the spot.

Of course, there was no comfort for Shirone, a student who heard that a monk who made a name for himself on the continent could do it.

But he understood the association's thoughts correctly.

Don't judge God's particles by photon series standards.

It was Shirone's own ability that no one else had.

'I conquer with my skills.'

Light rose from Shirone's body like fire. The flame that gradually grew in size became a pair of huge wings and flared up.

"What? What is that?"

The students opened their eyes wide. It was magic they had never seen before, or even heard of.
```
[Translated block]