


[662] Insufficient Five Senses (1)

The members of the Full Leaf Circus, who had been touring around the fairy-tale kingdom, left for their hometown during the winter, and Shagal and Tiaman, who had no family, were living with Raiden.

"Shagal, come here for a moment."

Shagal, who was honing his circus skills, wiped the sweat on his forehead and went to Raiden.

"What's up? Do you have something for me to do?"

"No. I just wanted to teach you something."

Shagal tilted his head.

"I thought I had learned all the skills?"

Shagal, who was only sixteen years old, was the most skilled member of the Full Leaf Circus.

"From today, you will hone your juggling."

"Ha ha! Are you sure you're not senile, boss? You know how long I've been juggling clubs?"

"Bring it."

At the serious voice, Shagal brought a box filled with clubs, and Raiden threw three clubs in one hand.

"Oops."

Without even preparing, Shagal showed off his brilliant juggling by spinning three clubs.

The skill was proficient, and it was as easy as breathing to do it while riding a unicycle during a performance.

Shagal, who caught the clubs in turn, smiled proudly at Raiden.

"Did you see that, my genius skills?"

"Yes. You are a genius."

Shagal was embarrassed.

"Why are you suddenly saying that? Just basic juggling."

Of course, the reason why Raiden evaluated him as a genius was not because he simply spun three clubs.

'He absorbs any skill in the shortest distance.'

It was too wasteful to rot Shagal's insight that penetrates the core of the skill.

"Try it again. This time, properly."

When the atmosphere became serious, Shagal also turned serious and threw all ten clubs in the box into the sky.

X-throwing, rotating throwing, changing order, etc. While watching the brilliant skill, Raiden said.

"Pass it."

Two-person juggling began, and Shagal and Raiden exchanged clubs while continuing their own juggling.

'Huh?'

When Shagal realized that the club was not coming back at some point, he looked at Raiden and soon opened his eyes wide.

'Fixing?'

Raiden was holding the club in front of him by alternating his hands.

Two, four, six clubs were fixed in the air, and finally all the clubs went to Raiden's hand.

Boooooong!

As the air vibrated like a bee's wings, Raiden's hands spread out as afterimages and went between the ten clubs.

"Krrrrrrrr!"

A groan leaked out between the clenched teeth, and Shagal and Tia stared blankly at the sight that could be called the climax of juggling.

When the strong wind suddenly stopped and Raiden's hands stopped, the ten clubs fell down as if the thread was cut.

"Phew, it's hard because I did it after a long time."

"Boss, what is this......"

"Raiden of the Quick Sword. That was my name before I became the boss of the Full Leaf Circus."

Raiden spilled the story of the assassin who had made a name for himself in the world.

The time to be talked about in the world has already passed, but it was a shock to Shagal.

"Boss......"

"It doesn't matter what you say. I've already given up the sword, and I'm going to devote the rest of my life here. It would be nice to bury my bones here. But I changed my mind a bit when I saw you. Your talent is too regrettable to end like this."

"Talent......you say?"

"As you just saw, even juggling can be transformed into a killing technique. How to use it depends on you, but I believe you will make the right choice."

Shagal looked at Tia.

She knew Shagal's heart now, so she didn't show it, but she knew she would end up living together.

"How can I, like you, boss?"

Raiden raised his index finger as if there was only one.

"Schema."

* * *

"Huh?"

Feeling the presence and opening his eyes wide, Shirone, who found Aria bending over, jumped up.
[Translated block]
"Wow, what's going on!"

Frantically looking for Lian, he had already gotten up and was busy doing push-ups with his feet on the bed.

"Hehe, you, you look really cute when you sleep?"

When Aria leaned in, Shiro-ne pulled the blanket to cover his bare upper body and spoke.

"Please have some manners. What if you come into a man's room without permission?"

"Why? Are you afraid I'll eat you up?"

Looking at her defiant face, it would have been a disaster if Lian hadn't been there.

"Shiro-ne, hurry up and wash. Let's eat, eat."

When Lian pointed to the entrance with his thumb, Aria, who had been staring at his bulging muscles, snatched Shiro-ne's blanket.

"Hey
[Translated block]
Even if you're a klutz, you can memorize the movements of a somersault through training, but gymnasts can feel everything from the position of their fingertips to the balance of their muscles in an instant.

In the end, the body is one, but the schema of the outstanding ones becomes relatively many, and from such a standard, it was possible to know how much Lian's movement fell.

"Uh... that's... "

When Shirone couldn't speak and hesitated, Wig seemed to realize something and scratched his head.

"Oh, I'm sorry. It's ridiculous for an examinee to evaluate an examiner. I've overstepped my bounds, haven't I?"

"No, I think it's natural to be curious. If you pass, Wig, you'll be a reliable ally."

"Thank you for saying that. Then I'll see you at the second evaluation later."

Wig picked up the twin swords he had laid on the floor and walked to the corner of the hall and sat down again.

Shirone felt guilty for some reason after the conversation ended, even though she had been flustered.

'Why couldn't I just tell the truth?'

Lian was strong enough to stand up to any test or comparison, and Shirone was proud of his achievements.

She didn't like her friend being evaluated by the world's standards of having no talent if she couldn't open the schema.

'I'm sorry, Lian.'

Lian, who had been chewing on meat, met Shirone's eyes and pointed to the food, giving her a thumbs up.

"Hahaha!"

Lian is the best, Shirone thought.

* * *

After breakfast, Shirone, Lian, and Aria took their seats in the guild's public square and waited for the second evaluation.

Since it was a place to show off survival skills directly related to survival, no one else could enter except the examinees.

"Let's get started. Come in."

At Aria's words, the door opened and the first passers of the first evaluation, numbers 28 and 29, entered in order.

Unlike before, there was no polite greeting, and the two took off their masks as Shirone watched with a sidelong glance.

"What the hell are you thinking?"

When Shirone fired back, Lupist laughed and moved his steps towards the table.

"I'm sorry if I surprised you."

"It's not that I'm surprised, you should have told me in advance if you were going to do this. You told me to form a mercenary group."

"There's no difference. You're the captain. The place we're going to is the Iron Tower, where the upper class of Radum dominates, the Life and Flower. You can't eat a CR with a decent power."

Since he had heard about the Iron Tower from Amy Aria, Shirone couldn't push Lupist any further.

"But what happened to number 213?"

The regulation violator, Acet Meirei.

She didn't have time to ask in detail during the first evaluation, but she definitely said she could hear the voice of La Enemy.

"According to intelligence, a large-scale heresy judgment was carried out in the Galron Kingdom four years ago. It was done by the Terra Force sect, which received a trust from their bishop. The purpose was only one, to find and remove those who hear the voice of God."

"Are you talking about number 213?"

Jane said.

"Meirei's regulation violation, the frequency of God, is presumed to be the ability to catch electrical signals floating around the world. She heard the voice of La Enemy from a specific frequency range. It's not unrelated to the heresy judgment."

There was no way to know how the evil god Terra Force, known to have destroyed countless universes, and La Enemy were related.

Lupist said.

"Her ability will play a compass role in removing the history of La Enemy infiltrating Radum. Anyway, it's information that won't hurt you to know. Pass it on the second evaluation."

As he turned with Jane, Lupist walked towards the back door, and Shirone called him.

"Wait a minute. Where are you going?"

When Lupist, who didn't understand what she was saying, turned around, Shirone pointed forward as if to call him back.

"You have to show your special skills and go. It's a test."

"I'm busy now. I'm not in the mood for a joke."

"It's not a joke. No matter how much you're the president of the association, you can't cheat. Come quickly and get evaluated."

"Sorry, but I don't have time for that. I'll be going now."

Ignoring Shirone's words, Lupist left the room. Shirone sighed and turned to Jane.

"Well, I guess we'll have to see how it goes. Let's start the second evaluation."
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]