


[589] Black Curtain (4)

* * *

"The Scramble Royale has ended."

The head teacher of the graduating class, Colly, entered the principal's office.

Alpheus was leaning back, looking out the window, and Vice Principal Olivia was sitting on the sofa, lost in thought with her legs crossed.

"The Shirone team won."

Olivia sighed in relief.

"Thank goodness. At least we can block the approach of the Dark Research Society."

Alpheus said.

"It's fortunate that the incident didn't get bigger. But the victory of the Shirone team means that we are getting closer to the core of the incident."

"How do you know that? We don't even know what the core of Istas is."

Alpheus, who turned from the window, sat at his desk.

"That's right. No one knows until Miro opens his mouth."

There were two people who received the right to vote from the 20 judges, but there was no accurate information about the upper echelons.

"But Shirone was with Miro. Maybe he told her."

"Then we won't investigate Istas even more. Shirone's curiosity is great, but she's also cautious. She's not foolish enough to casually dig into global secrets."

"I hope so."

Alpheus's agreement did not taste good.

'It's best to bury it as it is.'

As a magician, she wanted to know the identity of Istas, but too many forces were intertwined to approach with curiosity alone.

"I'll be back in a moment."

Olivia got up from the sofa and headed for the door.

"Where are you going? Don't make a fuss for nothing. It's best for Istas to close as it is."

"I know. That's why I'm going."

Olivia, who stepped outside, had a glint in her eyes.

'There's one person who's caught.'

* * *

Although the girls' dormitory room was equipped with a bed as standard, An Chal was sitting on the bare floor, lost in meditation.

When the bell rang past midnight, she slowly opened her eyes and sat at her desk, taking out a small brush from her bosom.

The brush handle was thin and the brush tip was even thinner.

As her fingertips trembled, the language of Jincheon began to be densely written on the scroll paper that would fit perfectly with two fingers overlapped.

To the revered Emperor

I am now in front of the secret of the 'Fragment'.

I am not afraid of death, but considering the difficulty of the mission, I am worried that I may not be able to fulfill my duty.

Therefore, I intend to unseal the seal of the family's treasure, Majangan, bestowed by the great Emperor, so please scold my humble skills.

I will definitely bring the 'Fragment' with my body broken and crushed.

Long live the Emperor.

Long live the Jincheon Empire.

An Chal, who carefully put down the brush, waited for the ink to dry and then rolled up the scroll paper.

"Hong Kyu."

When his name was called, two huge eyes popped open on the ceiling as if they were drawn.

"Yes, Director."

An Chal.

The director of the 'Jincheon Space Agency', which is treated as top secret even in the Jincheon Empire's External Inspection Bureau.

She was also a world-renowned secret holder who was advising the analysis agency of Valkyrie's reset system.

"You have to deliver it yourself."

"Leave it to me."

When An Chal threw the scroll paper above her head, a tongue popped out from the mouth on the ceiling and grabbed it and swallowed it.

"I'm sorry to say this, but please be careful. The future of Jincheon is at stake in your hands."

"......I know."

The picture on the ceiling disappeared like drying ink, and An Chal, wrapping her head with both hands, fell into thought.

'Istas.'

By now, the Scramble Royale would have ended.

It had become a game that didn't matter who won, but An Chal thought it would be a little better if the Shirone team won.

'If you use the ability of the Fourfold Explosion...'

She didn't intend to involve Shirone from the beginning, but after realizing that she could manipulate time, the Scramble Royale itself became meaningless.
[Translated block]


"Fermi will start moving soon. He probably got the blueprint of Istas."

Both sides needed help, but depending on the situation, it was a consideration that either side could make.

After finishing his thoughts, someone knocked on the door as he walked to the bed.

"Are you in there?"

'Principal Olivia.'

Thinking that what was to come had come, he quickly changed his expression and opened the door pretending not to know anything.

"Principal? What's the matter at this hour?"

"I want to have a meeting. Can I come in?"

Even though it was a room without even a minor mistake, he honestly didn't want to let in if the other party was a public second-class great magician.

"Or shall we talk outside?"

Olivia's voice was beautiful like a cuckoo, but today there was a sharpness that pierced the heart.

"Yes. I'll listen outside. I want to get some air."

As soon as he left the building, Olivia cast a space move and flew away.

Ordinary students would feel absurd first, but he also followed her without a grunt.

The place they arrived was at the bottom of a deep valley on the opposite side of the mountain range surrounding the school.

"What's the matter? What are you going to do by calling a student to such a place?"

"How old are you, Ancheol?"

"......"

If he had come to see the end, there was no reason for him to deceive anymore.

"I'm thirty-two."

"I thought so. People from the East really look young."

"It's not particularly so in the East. So what do you want to know? The secret of Istas? My identity?"

"If possible, all of them."

Ancheol shook his head.

"I thought you were not a foolish person. It would be good for you and the school not to be interested."

The one who ruled Jincheon was none other than Samhwanggye.

"I don't want to get involved in the power struggle between the empires. But Istas is strictly a personal property. And I am the person who manages it by delegating all rights to the owner."

"I will not harm the school."

"That's something I'll listen to and judge."

"I'm sorry. I have nothing to say to you."

"Is that so?"

As Olivia slightly opened her lips and cast a supersonic spell, syllables popped out with the highest sound that humans can hear.

The sound reflected on the cliff was amplified and tormented Ancheol's eardrums.

'Echo. That's why he chose this place.'

While Ancheol's mind was dizzy, Olivia, who had read a spell of a professional book, cast a spell.

'Great Extension.'

As the air expanded, the valley, which was tens of meters high, collapsed inward.

Woong!

After the spectacular landslide ended, there was no more valley left within the range that human eyes could confirm.

Olivia, who landed on the rocks that filled the valley, had a momentary sparkle in her eyes.

Jincheon Magic-Giant.

The moment he flew his body, a 20-meter-tall giant appeared and slammed his fist down.

Kwaah!

When the giant's arm pierced the rock and was buried up to the shoulder, even Olivia had to sweat coldly.

'The fact that he destroyed an object with an illusion is......'

Like finding a ring buried in the soil, the giant swung his arm and pulled Ancheol out from deep underground.

A leather eyepatch covering one eye was torn, revealing the blue eye inside.

"Is that the Devil's Eye?"

Ancheol, who was placed on the ground, disappeared as the giant disappeared.

"What are you doing? Do you really want to fight me?"

"If it's for the safety of the school, there's nothing I can't do."

"Don't be arrogant, Olivia. I'm a soldier. I'm not the one who gets beaten by a teacher, even if I'm a great magician."

When Ancheol tore off the leather eyepatch, Olivia added.

"I don't care about the secrets of the empire. But this is a student's problem. Convince me why it's Shiro, why Fermi is interested in Istas. This is the maximum I can offer. If you refuse this too......"
[Translated block]
Olivia loosened her lips and said, "I'll deal with it as much as you want."

"......"

After thinking for a while, Anchar sat down on the rock, extinguishing the light in his eyes.

"I am an agent of the True Universe."

Olivia leaned against the rock wall with her hands down.

"My mission is to collect information about cosmic initialization, reset. So far, the universe has undergone three resets. It started from a person named Geopin."

Anchar looked up at the sky.

"19 years ago, a person named Geopin was protecting humanity from heaven. But he disappeared after entrusting his mission to Miro. Here comes the question."

Anchar raised his finger.

"Why did Geopin have to erase himself? Considering that he chose Miro as his successor, it's hard to see that his affection for this world has cooled."

"Hmm."

"The conclusion reached through Valkyrie's hypothesis is that Geopin seemed to have to finish something through Miro that he couldn't do himself. And we think that Shiro is somehow involved in that."

"Shiro?"

Anchar kept the secret and moved on to the next one.

"The erasure of Geopin would have been a disaster from the perspective of humans. The breakwater that blocked the army of heaven disappeared."

"The backlash must have been severe."

"I can't remember, but I can predict. And it is presumed that Yolga, the mother of Fermi, was at the core of that backlash."

"Shiro and Fermi."

"Is this enough reason to accept? To investigate Istas, we definitely need those two people."

"Okay. But why Istas?"

It was natural for Olivia to question, as the security level jumped from here.

"Do you know about the crack field verification experiment?"

"Roughly. Isn't it that the total amount of time and energy in the world we live in is slightly misaligned?"

"Right. During the Anke La erasure period and the Great Purification period, we kept calculating the crack field. In the meantime, we found that the crack value of Geopin's erasure is always fixed. The crack should naturally become more complex as the reset repeats."

"What does that mean?"

"There is an event that never changes even during the progress of the third reset."

Anchar drew a cross of space-time in the air.

"Why Istas? The door of Geopin installed there is fixed at one coordinate of space-time unlike other relics. A coordinate that can never be accessed unless time stops. The True Universe separated that coordinate into time and space through the crack field value."

Anchar made a gesture as if grabbing a thread and then spread it left and right.

"As a result of connecting spatial information to time, it was concluded that an event of about 3 hours was in progress."

That event was the identity of the crack from Geopin's erasure.

"In other words, Geopin fixed a certain event. Why did he have to do that? It's different from the second and third resets."

"Is that event the upper part of Istas?"

"Do you know the rumor of the upper part? All things that cannot exist in this world exist. It refers to some event. And that event is not affected by the reset."

"Is it really possible, an event that is not affected even though the world has been initialized?"

"Possible."

The answer was immediate.

"Of course, it's difficult normally. However, if the event itself becomes a world and is connected to our world in an independent state."

"Like another universe?"

Anchar nodded.

"The True Universe simulated the world of the upper part of Istas in advance by collecting all the information. We need to know what kind of world it is to know the difficulty of infiltration. A surprising result came out."

"A surprising result?"

"There is no beginning or end."

Looking at Olivia, Anchar circled his finger.

"Some event that took place in the upper part of Istas, that event of about 3 hours, is repeating forever."
[Translated block]