


```text
[370] Special Training (5)

Plu rummaged through the item box again and pulled out a heavy drone with both hands.

It was suitable for induction experiments because the trajectory changed drastically as it flew in the air with magnetic force coordinated with the training ground.

"I'll do it at level 1 first. Get used to the sensation."

Siroene aimed at the drone with a laser pointer. As soon as Plu turned on the switch, the drone vibrated and left his hand and flew into the air.

The laser pointer moved along the drone's trajectory. And at some point, 8 of them popped out all at once.

It was slower than the existing photon cannon, but it was still a photon-based magic that could not be ignored.

Siroene anxiously observed the homing photon cannon.

As the drone escaped by grazing the wall, 8 photon cannons simultaneously turned a curve and hit the target.

A loud bang followed by smoke, and the drone bounced out and rolled on the floor.

"It's done! It's a success!"

He couldn't believe it was his own magic.

The light swirled.

He felt a thrill when the photon cannon turned a sharp curve in front of the wall.

Plu also thought that this was not bad.

"Good start. But it's not yet a real stage. If it's a level 1 drone, you can hit it with just a photon cannon. Let's set the passing criteria for that. You will hit drones that are hard to catch with photon cannons with homing photon cannons."

"Yes! I'll definitely succeed!"

Siroene's heart soared like never before after succeeding in the first experiment.

The difficulty gradually climbed up step by step, and finally it was the day before leaving the Magic Association.

Siroene's sequence formula was approaching at an unprecedented speed.

Plu, who was holding a drone and waiting, also had a nervous expression as much as he invested his passion.

"Are you ready? It's level 7 mode. Maximum limit trajectory 27 degrees. This is a pro-level magician's movement."

"Yes. I have to be able to do that much to use it in real life. I'm ready."

Siroene skillfully raised the homing photon cannon. Without fail, 8 laser pointers aimed at the drone.

The algorithm was so precise that now the aiming point was focused on one point.

"Start."

As soon as Plu pressed the switch, he let go of the drone and stepped back.

The iron lump that caused vibration flew lightly and flexibly in mid-air.

The trajectory moved by magnetic force was definitely unfamiliar to human eyes accustomed to gravity. But the homing photon cannons vibrating around Siroene kept turning their red eyes and capturing the drone until the end.

'Let's go! This is where it ends!'

8 homing photon cannons that left Siroene's side chased after the drone. Then, when the drone turned almost backwards, they turned roughly and rushed in reverse.

A total of 9 flying objects were flying around in all directions in a large training ground, but Siroene just looked straight ahead.

A chase for 3 seconds ensued.

In terms of speed, the photon cannon was faster, but the drone did not catch its tail by using a sharp drift to shorten its reach.

But Sikker did not let go of the drone until the end, and finally the distance began to narrow.

When the leading photon cannon hit the drone, it bounced off the floor with a thud sound.

Then, the remaining 7 photon cannons all jumped up on the ground and continuously bombed the rolling drone.

Kwakwakwa! Kwakwakwakwang!

Plu opened his eyes wide and shouted.

"Wow! Really crazy...! No, great!"

Precision chasing after drones bounced off by shock. And on top of that, the power was strong enough to crush solid metal.

It wasn't enough to work in real life, but if you didn't know it would be a muksubal.

Siroene couldn't believe what had happened either.

'Magic is... endless.'

Finally realizing reality, Siroene looked at Plu with tearful eyes.

The two people's eyes collided for a moment, and without knowing who went first, they ran to each other and hugged each other and jumped around.

"Success! It's a success, senior!"
```
[Translated block]


"You did well! I would have been really annoyed if I failed! I'm finally free!"

The screams of the two people who lost their reason in excitement echoed in the training ground. Only a crushed drone looked at them pitifully.

* * *

The last night of the Magic Association came.

Shirone received a call from Flue and headed to the waiting room on the first floor.

The empty hallway was lonely, contrasting with the busy atmosphere of the day.

"But why the waiting room? You can see it in your room."

At the end of the hallway behind the lobby on the first floor, light leaked out between the doors. The darkness was silent, and no one's voice was heard.

"Hello?"

When Shirone opened the door and stuck out her face, a paper firecracker popped.

She stepped back in surprise, and the door opened, revealing four smiling faces.

"Congratulations, Shirone!"

"Huh, what?"

A cake was prepared in the middle of the waiting room, and Flue, Gando, Isabel, and Gangnan were guarding around the table.

Flue lit the candles with a flick of his finger. And he waved his hand as if to come in.

"What are you doing? Come on and blow it."

Shirone moved her steps as if she was possessed by a ghost.

"By the way, what day is today?"

"It's a day. The day you graduate from the Magic Association tour. Come on, come on! Hurry up."

When Shirone blew out the candles, people clapped.

Magic Association Tour Graduation. It sounded plausible, but the more I thought about it, the more embarrassed I felt.

"Thank you. But touring is nothing special."

Isabel brushed her hair back and said.

She always looked neat during work, so her hair looked much more attractive.

"Still, it's a magic association. You can't just let go of the longest-term trainee. I heard you finished your training well. Flue told me it was cool. Congratulations."

Flue added another meaning.

"And you're nineteen years old now. Think of it as a substitute for your birthday."

"Oh, right!"

She didn't even know that the year had changed because she was engrossed in training. Numerous things that happened last year were conveyed as a lump of emotion compressed. It was a bigger lump than all the emotions I felt in my life.

Gangnan, who was standing at a distance, handed over a small box over Isabel's shoulder.

"Congratulations, Shirone. This is a gift prepared by the association."

"Thank you. But what is it?"

I had some connection with the people here, but there was no reason for the association to care about trainees. Shirone felt cautious as if there was some hidden plot behind Gauld's presence.

"It's just a gift. Open it."

When she opened the box, there was a silver ring with a magic circle engraved on it. It was about 3 centimeters wide and had a magic circle engraved on it in relief.

"Huh? This is cubic, isn't it?"

Shirone turned her head at Flue's words.

"Cubic?"

"It's a two-dimensional ring. All association staff have one each. Do you know what a two-dimensional ring is?"

"No, I don't know."

Shirone had grown rapidly in a short time, so she knew little about magic tools.

"It's a ring that stores things with scale magic. It's sold at alchemy shops too, but it's pretty expensive. And what the association gives is more precise than ordinary cubic encryption systems."

It would be expensive to store things in an empty space.

But what Shirone liked most was the Magic Association seal engraved on the inside of the ring.

No matter how expensive cubic is, you can't buy an association seal with money.

Isabel took over the ring and put it on Shirone's little finger.

"The principle is the same as other magic tools. It reacts to spirit zone. Flue, here's a magic control device..."

Flue went out into the hallway and blocked only the magic control device in their waiting room.

It was something that the magic library manager asked for, and there was no problem because the security captain allowed it and the secretary general nodded silently.
[Translated block]


As Flu returned, Shirone entered the spirit zone.

A unique magic that he had not felt before was conveyed through the sense of empathy. When he focused on the place, letters appeared in front of him.

"User registration? Yes, no?"

Shirone looked around as if asking me to look together, and everyone's faces became laughing.

"There, this......"

Flu said with a bulging laugh.

"Do you see the letters? That's only visible to you. It spreads on the retina through brain waves."

Shirone recalled the drone she gave to Tess in heaven.

It was similar to the technology that reflected the scenery seen from the sky on her retina.

When the registration was completed, a circle divided into seven slots like a pie appeared. The size of the slots was the same, and the border of the slot at the top was shining red.

Shirone pointed to the slot, knowing that no one else could see it.

"Is this where things are stored?"

Isabel said.

"That's right. You can load up to 45 kilograms based on the gravity here. If you put 45 kilograms in one slot, you can't put anything in the remaining six slots."

"Wow, 45 kilograms?"

It was a load that could easily fit a decent military outfit. Moreover, it was a tool with full convenience as it could reduce the weight of food when traveling long distances.

"Let's practice. First, choose an item to load."

"Oh, then this..."

Shirone took out Armand from her waist.

She felt uncomfortable wearing a sword as a commoner, but it was also inconvenient to move with iron attached as a magician.

"Good. I'll teach you how. You don't need to be nervous. It's very easy like four-way style."

She snorted at the words that four-way style was easy, but she thought and passed it as a standard of a third-class great magician.

"Cubric distinguishes objects by recognition among spirits. It is the core concept of non-regulation style. Cubric separates the sword and the world because you know that the sword you are holding is complete. Therefore, you cannot load only part of the sword."

"Because I can't recognize it as complete."

"That's right. Next is how to load and ship. It's simple. You think with your ring against the object. When your thoughts change, the nature of the spirit zone changes slightly, and Cubric recognizes that subtle difference and works. That's why living things are impossible to load. Even if it's an animal spirit, it changes the spirit zone. In other words, it's a foreign substance from Cubric's point of view."

Shirone nodded her head repeatedly, admiring Cubric's sensitivity.

"Then I'll try it."

When she thought of loading while holding Armand, the sword disappeared like magic.

A three-dimensional Armand was stored in Cubric's slot.

'This time it's shipping.'

When Armand appeared in front of her palm, she reflexively grabbed the handle.

Shirone, who had fun, experimented with the same function ten times or more. When she got used to it, she realized what kind of object it was.

Flu added an explanation.

"If you go to a fairly large alchemy merchant in the city, you can upgrade your weight. Up to 100 kilograms of loading weight is about 200 gold per kilogram. From then on, the unit price goes up a lot, and if you exceed 400 kilograms of loading weight, it exceeds 100 million units."

"Wow, that's amazing."

The price was also so, but the weight also exceeded imagination. If it was 400 kilograms, it was like putting all your belongings on your finger and walking around with a little exaggeration.

"That means there is a lot of demand. Of course, it is also difficult to increase technically. The current limit of loading weight is about 800 kilograms. It's an item that might be one in the kingdom."

Shirone was just happy. Whether it was 800 kilograms or whatever, she liked the ring she was wearing best.

It was Cubric with a magic association seal stamped on it.

Gando said.

"No matter how convenient it is, unless you leave for a trip, it's better not to put important items in as much as possible."

"Why is that? Does something disappear......"

Kangnan shook his head.
[Translated block]


```text
"No. Because it could be stolen. Of course, the association-made Cubrick has a complex encryption system, so the risk of extraction is low. But anyone can cut off your finger and take it."

Shirone unknowingly wrapped his ring.

"Yes, I'll protect it."

"You don't have to. If you're in a dangerous situation, just throw it away or give it away. Cubrick is not an objet d'art, and you can get it anywhere."

It was advice that Kang Nan, the second-in-command of the Magic Association, could give.

"Anyway, that's what it is. If you want to be an official magician, you should be able to handle this much."

Shirone heard Gaold's voice in Kang Nan's last words.

If he went to heaven, Cubrick would be an essential item. It was an unspoken pressure to prepare for everything, from the important to the trivial.

"Yes, I will definitely become a magician."

Shirone showed his hand with Cubrick on it. Everyone was smiling between his fingers.
```

Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]