


```text
[208] 4. The Truth of Heaven (2)

The handcuffs had a similar pattern to the one Hena had seen at Nor's shelter, but they did not move as if they were fixed in space and they could not even activate magic.

They wouldn't have used such a method because they were afraid of mere humans.

Amy thought of the frogs that were caught in the laboratory.

The reason for tying their limbs before dissecting them was not because they were afraid of the frogs.

She shuddered at the thought.

At least it meant that something natural was waiting for them to struggle.

As if they thought the same, Tess and Arin kept silent.

As if the current tense atmosphere would last forever if they didn't make a sound.

The only consolation was that there was no drone on Tess's wrist.

She had sent the drone away without Icasa noticing when she arrived at Jebul.

It was a base of someone who had received Ganza's education.

'What happened? Why can't I see anything?'

But her efforts were useless for now.

The drone could guide Shiroe's party to arrive as soon as possible, but nothing appeared on the retinal screen.

She didn't know that the space itself was isolated by the function of Mecha.

Cariel checked the machine about 70 meters away from Gwangseongdan.

It was a huge pillar that reached the ceiling, and thousands of panels were emitting various colors of light.

Cariel was floating at a height of 10 meters, crossing his arms and looking at the screen.

The screen was full of complex symbols that Amy's party could not understand.

Amy stared at Cariel's halo.

Icasa's was too huge and clear to touch.

Diagrams and formulas appeared and disappeared like afterimages inside the boundary line, and each time, the screen of the mechanical device changed quickly.

-System check completed. Start the Elixir of Life. Please enter the molecular structure of the genetic material.

A creepy woman's voice came from the ceiling.

The machine's voice was impossible to analyze even for Arin. And trying to psychically respond to Cariel was crazy.

Cariel, who had been staring at the screen for a while, flew towards them.

A low vibration like a contrabass sounded.

He was a young man. He was 2 meters 30 centimeters tall and wore a white robe. The halo was so bright that it felt like a hole had been pierced in space.

Amy gathered her courage and glared at him.

If she had to suffer something, she intended to be the first to step forward. She didn't want to think about what would happen if Tess or Arin suffered first in a situation where they were caught together.

"Aren't you ashamed of yourself as an archangel? Hurry up and unlock these handcuffs!"

"I have restrained you in order to fulfill my duty as an archangel. It is a lowly human-like idea."

Arin, who had been staring at Cariel, bit his lip.

This was his first time experiencing such a situation.

He could only see a vibrating string. The vibration shook complexly and showed its shape, but even that was unclear.

Cariel existed only by probability.

Amy snapped again.

"Duty? What are you trying to do to us?"

"Come to think of it, I forgot to introduce myself. I am Archangel Cariel. I have been dispatched to the occupied area by Ra's command and am in charge of performing the Elixir of Life. I will perform the Elixir of Life on you too. It is a glorious mission, so you should accept it happily."

"You're kidding! You're talking nonsense while tying people up! First, untie this!"

Amy shook her body. The handcuffs were fixed at waist height, so all she could do was roll her feet like a child throwing a tantrum.

Tess, who had chewed on Cariel's words, asked curiously.

"Wait. Occupied area? Does that mean you attack other worlds from heaven?"

Cariel pondered. The law was always right. But he needed a different way of talking to persuade humans.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"It is only conveying the will of Ra. God loves humans and wants them to exist forever. Your world will also soon succumb to the will of Ra."

Tes was seized by a fearful thought.

According to the idea she had just come up with, Ra was a tyrant of the universe. The citizens of heaven were also residents of some occupied territory where they lived.

Amy shouted.

"We saw the wine of life! Is that how you love humans? You're no different from a pervert murderer!"

"You don't understand. Humans mistake love for power. Don't think that being loved by someone is a great ability. Ra cherishes you because you are beings who can give names."

Amy thought of the life register. Fairies control the lifespan of citizens through names.

But isn't naming something that anyone can do? What does it mean to Ra to give names?

Tes said sarcastically.

"So, what are you going to do with us? You've filled the handcuffs, so are you going to whip us and love us?"

"You have an important mission."

"Mission? What mission?"

"To conceive my child."

Amy, Tes, and Arin's faces turned red at the same time. They felt goosebumps and irritation.

Amy couldn't help but tremble her chin and shouted.

"You're like a pervert! Just touch my body. I won't let you go!"

"Pitiful reaction. Don't worry. It's just transferring the information of angels to your bodies."

Tes was more annoyed by that remark. It was like the language of perverts who try to express things accurately even though they know them well.

"So you're saying you want to play with us."

Kariel showed an unpleasant expression.

"Human expressions are so low-class. The wine of life is a high-level technique that only I can do among the archangels. Don't compare it to the reproduction of inferior humans."

&nbsp;-The preparation of the wine of life is complete. Information accumulation rate 100 percent. Do you want to copy?

Just then, a woman's voice came from the ceiling.

Kariel flew up into the sky as if he didn't need words.

"Copy."

&nbsp;-Copying genetic material. Time required 2 minutes 30 seconds.

Kariel's glory body expanded into a ring over 20 meters in diameter.

When he brought his index and middle fingers together, a bead-sized light was born from his fingertips.

It was small in size, but it was intense enough to illuminate the world war.

Kariel returned his glory body to a wheel and came back to the women.

The light disappeared from his fingertips and a purple glass panel shaped like a diamond was created.

"This panel contains infinite information of life. Do you understand? To create humans, you need information from all living things that existed before humans."

"I don't care! We're not going to do it anyway!"

Amy shouted. She was already fed up and angry, but when he added an explanation, she got more irritated.

But Kariel continued his explanation without an audience, as if he was proud of his wine of life technique.

"The information of angels is delicate and complex. The women who gave birth to Nephilim have a significantly lower success rate of Nephilim childbirth for that reason. In that sense, you are lucky. You have obtained the honor of being able to hold the descendants of great angels in your body."

"Nephilim... what are you going to do with them?"

"Send them to another world. In this case, it would be your world."

"Are you going to educate them there and offer them to God?"

Kariel closed his mouth at the question that hit the mark.

That's what it was. He made women in occupied territories give birth to Nephilim, then educated them there, and then led them to God.

Tes realized that Nephilim were a kind of spy.

The fact that they were free from the law also meant that.

There would be no reason to force their country's laws on combat soldiers hiding in enemy countries.

Kariel held out the panel at his fingertips.
```

Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]


```
"Don't worry. It's just passing on information, so you won't feel ashamed."

When the glass panel is attached to the forehead, glass shards pop out and stick to the brain like roots.

Through those roots, the angel's information infiltrates and creates life from the woman's body.

Kariel looked at the foreheads of the three women one by one with a glass panel as if to measure the size.

They all had smooth and pretty foreheads that seemed suitable for rooting.

"Hmm, I see. Shall I let you decide? Who will be the first subject of this glorious magic?"

The three women shouted at the same time.

"I'll go first!"

They looked at each other as if they didn't expect this reaction. The fact that they fought together gave them courage again.

Kariel was satisfied.

To succeed in the magic of life, the angel's information had to be accurate, but the role of the mother was also very important.

The success rate was about 1 in 30, and if it failed, it would die from shock to the brain.

But the stronger mentally and physically, the more likely it was to succeed.

In that respect, all three women were excellent choices.

-The replication of genetic material is complete.

As a voice came down from the ceiling, Kariel raised his hand.

Panels of the same shape were created on both sides of the glass panel that was floating vertically.

"Good sisters. Since you can't tell who's better, I'll plant them at the same time."

The three panels that left Kariel's hand floated in the air and approached.

Amy and her party were seized by uncontrollable rage. They realized it for sure now.

Archangel Kariel was the worst pervert.

@

Lian and Canis arrived at Jebul.

As soon as they crossed the wall, they confirmed that Jebul's scenery was a shape of countless discs spreading outward. It looked like a floating city built on a lotus.

As expected from outside, Jebul's interior was a dimensional maze.

The way of jumping between spaces was too complicated to calculate with human thinking.

There must have been some rules, but they didn't have time to think.

They walked according to the coordinates, remembering what Peope gave them.

After moving to the same place several times, Canis was able to find a portal to Inggris.

"Let's part here. Even if you know the way, finding it is another problem. It would be better if one person goes first."

"Are you okay? If you can't release the mecha system, there's no point in me going first. If there are enemies in Inggris, it might be more effective to fight them together."

Canis looked back at the portal.

There was no special device, but according to Peope's memory, this place was definitely Inggris.

They hadn't encountered anyone so far, so the chances of enemies in Inggris were slim.

But if there were, they were at least Mara or higher.

In that sense, Lian's words might be better to move together.

But Canis didn't change his mind.

He didn't know how long it would take to release the mecha system. Wasting manpower in any situation was not a good way.

"There's nothing for sure anyway. There's no guarantee that it will be easier if we go together. Let's do what we can do. That's the best right now."

Lian agreed. He checked his Signa and Exd received from Lena and headed east of Jebul.

Canis took a deep breath and stepped onto the platform.

There was nothing to do. As soon as he stepped on both feet on the coordinates, a gap opened in the floor and light exploded with a bang.

The scenery changed while he closed and opened his eyes once.

The angel's archive Inggris.

Unlike the warm feeling contained in the word archive, it was a mechanical scenery that could not find any humanity at all.

There was a road in the shape of a cross based on the central control device, and the wall surface was covered with rectangular panels standing vertically.
```

Do you have any questions about this translation?
[Translated block]


Havist showed a displeased expression.

To him, who felt the world through vibrations, Inglis was a space filled with vibrations without any gap.

Canis checked if there were any enemies.

He probably had to turn all the corners, but he didn't see any noticeable presence yet.
[Translated block]