


```text
[271] The Bloodline of Teraze (4)

Even after midnight, Orkamp couldn't leave his study. Sitting at his desk, he covered his face with both hands and went over the conversations he had at the dinner table today, sentence by sentence.

Did he make any mistakes, did he provoke Teraze, what kind of variables would his words cause?

Reviewing the same words every day was a very exhausting and tiring task.

But he couldn't afford any mistakes.

He had to be careful and cautious until he got a card that could oppose the Empress.

A voice came from behind Orkamp.

"Did you call me, Your Majesty?"

A man in his mid-30s appeared through the curtain of darkness. His thin eyes looked like they were smiling, and he was a feminine man with seven piercings along his ears.

Morgan Arius.

A mage known as a tomb raider in the world, and an unlocker who opened the immortal function.

He belonged to the Black Line as one of the Magic 7 Girls, a group of mages who excelled in scale magic, and was scouted by the Kingdom of Kazra five years ago.

Unlike the Red Line, the Black Line had no association and therefore no rank or order.

Some formed organizations like the Magic 7 Girls, but others acted individually like Arius the tomb raider. They were also mostly criminals who were chased by the state.

There were mages who caused trouble in the Red Line and moved to the Black Line, but those who did not even fit in the axis were those who committed mass slaughter in the line where they were rampant.

If they had some reputation, their bounty would start from hundreds of millions, and so there were guilds in the Red Line that hunted only the Black Line.

The countries involved with the Black Line were criticized externally, but it was inevitable considering Kazra's political situation.

Even if he ended the civil war with a political marriage with Teraze, there were still many political uncertainties.

First of all, the neighboring countries would not leave Kazra alone to grow, and internally, he had to watch out for Teraze's faction.

It was natural for Orkamp, who had difficulty growing the power of the Red Line due to external pressure, to reach out to the Black Line.

"How did it go with what I ordered?"

"It went well without any problems. I think most of the secrets have been stolen. Teraze probably won't notice."

"I see."

"It's time to move on to the next step. He's a good material. Is he really your son?"

Orkamp felt guilty and sighed. He had coldly abandoned his son, but now that he had a way to use him, he brought him back like a joke.

Arius smiled like a snake and comforted him.

"Don't worry. It's not like we're killing him, right? There won't be any problem."

"That kid... said he wanted to leave Wangseong."

Arius's thin eyes opened slightly. A sharp flash like a starlight flashed in his exposed pupils.

"I see. Well, unlockers are not interested in worldly things. They are wanderers who only look for strange things, amazing things, things that can't be grasped."

"Like you?"

Arius's nickname was tomb raider. But what he raided was not gold or jewels.

"Well, something like that. Anyway, nothing will change. It's not Shirowne that matters, it's Ataraxia."

Orkamp frowned. Why did it have to be that kid? No, this was an opportunity. If he missed this opportunity now, he would never be able to escape from Teraze's clutches.

Orkamp couldn't forget the moments when he was humiliated like a cuckold after marrying Teraze. He had nightmares every night and woke up soaked in cold sweat.

She trampled on his mind to the bottom and left him with two stumbling blocks named Zion and Uorin as if she was a wind.

Teraze had a plan to swallow up the world.

One of her core tasks was Valkyrie, a multinational army she organized to oppose Heaven.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```text
The army of 24 countries that participated was enough to end a small kingdom in three days, and Tereze was the leader of that Valkyrie.

The reason why Kazra Kingdom grew rapidly in the last 20 years was also thanks to being able to receive some of the shares of Valkyrie.

But Orkampf did not think that the growth of the kingdom would last long. Zion was growing well. And his bloodline was not Orkampf, but Tereze.

Eventually, Tereze would swallow Kazra. Just like she had swallowed him long ago.

Then one day, a spy report arrived. A student at the magic school of Torumia Kingdom had used the power of heaven. It was shocking news.

He immediately started an investigation, and a shocking fact was revealed. The child was Shirone, whom he had abandoned 18 years ago.

Orkampf felt like heaven was helping him.

Even among Valkyrie, an army that opposes heaven, there are very few who can use the power of heaven.

According to experts, Ataraxia is the power of an archangel, and belongs to the Triple S class in terms of ability system.

There is not a single person who can use the Triple S ability in Valkyrie, past and present.

Shirone was his bloodline. If he could only make Shirone the first prince, he would have a weapon to counter Tereze.

His position within Valkyrie would be strengthened, of course, and there was also a possibility that he could drive out Tereze's bloodline from Kazra Palace.

Orkampf finally made up his mind and asked.

"Can you copy Ataraxia?"

"It's my major. Leave it to me."

"I don't want to hurt that child. I hope he lives the life he wants."

Of course it was a lie.

The reason he brought Shirone in was solely to checkmate Tereze with Ataraxia's power.

In that respect, the existence of Orkampf's bloodline was also a risk factor that would anger Tereze.

Copying Ataraxia's information and sending Shirone back was the best result for now. No, if he hadn't called him in the first place, he wouldn't have had to worry about Tereze's eyes.

Arius, who had heard of Ataraxia, had infiltrated Alpheus Magic School. But whether there were smart people in Red Line or not, Black Box was already destroyed.

In the end, Shirone was the only person in this world who could use Ataraxia, and he had no choice but to call him to the palace as a second best option.

"It's not stealing, it's sharing. It's a good thing, so let's use it together. You can do that much for your father, right?"

"I don't intend to force him if Shirone refuses the successor position. But we need it desperately."

Arius nodded his head as if he was confident.

"Don't worry. Please let me meet Shirone when you do the paternity test tomorrow."

Orkampf turned his head with a puzzled look.

"Paternity test? All the ministers will be present. It's to verify the royal bloodline. You can't joke around with that."

"Of course not. I don't intend to interfere with the test either. Just... it's better to make sure of that kind of thing first, haha. But don't you think there will be some opportunity before the test?"

Orkampf finally agreed and nodded his head.

The test was conducted under strict control, but before the test, he could quietly approach Shirone.

"I'll trust you on this."

"Rest assured. It'll work out."

Leaving those words behind, Arius scattered like smoke. It was a trademark of those who used Scale Magic.

The door of the study opened and Eliza came in. She looked unhappy as if she had overheard their secret conversation.

"What is it, this late at night?"

Eliza clasped her hands and begged.

"Honey, it's our son. I don't know what's going on, but don't put him in danger."

"You don't have to worry. It's just... a political issue. Don't mind it and go back."

"How can I not worry? Don't you feel guilty? Don't hurt his feelings anymore!"
```

Is there anything else you want me to do?
[Translated block]


```text
Orkamp's expression was fiercely crumpled.

"Guilt? If we hadn't abandoned the child, Kazra would have been a vassal of Yakma. I would have been beheaded on the gallows, and you would have been a toy for foreign officials. Did you really want that to happen?"

Eliza shuddered with a pale face. She knew better than anyone what happened to the royal family who lost the war.

She never wanted to experience that.

Eliza silently returned to her room. She would continue to enjoy this life as she did now. She had no intention of giving up her position as the queen who could get anything she wanted.

@

A village 14 kilometers away from Kazra Castle.

The Eternal Observer, Armin of Light, was staying in a small village called Toshkara, performing a special mission.

Of course, his job as a painter was still valid. Although he lost his eyes, the light that filled his eyes allowed him to see the other side of the world.

The charcoal that passed over the canvas drew rough lines as much as his emotions.

He didn't like his handiwork today.

As the picture was completed, only his troubled mind became more apparent.

"Hoo."

Armin stopped his hand and put down the charcoal.

Due to his professional characteristics, he accessed and passed on information from various countries in the world. The world seemed to be quietly asleep in the eyes of ordinary people, but under the surface, there were many currents forming.

'Shirone....'

The most frequently mentioned person among those who were active in the abyss lately was Shirone.

Armin was pleased when he started reading Shirone's article in Spirit magazine.

He felt that his excellent talent, which he had felt at that time, was finally shining.

But he was shocked when he found out what the magic circle introduced in the article was.

He didn't know how Shirone got the ability of an archangel, but it was an event that would attract the attention of the leaders of various countries.

And yesterday he collected intelligence that Shirone had been invited by the Kingdom of Kazra.

He was Orkamp's son who had been lost 18 years ago.

He couldn't verify the truth of the rumor, but if it was true, the Kingdom of Kazra's choice was excellent.

On the other hand, it was dangerous for Shirone.

The Kingdom of Kazra was a country under the influence of Teraze, the leader of Valkyrie and the empress of Kashan Empire.

It was too big a torrent for Shirone, an incomplete magician, to get involved in.

"What are you doing? You said you were busy today, but you're not even painting."

Kira came in with side dishes she bought from the market.

She was his wife on paper, but in reality she was his watcher. She frowned at Armin's appearance, who was lost in thought.

"Huh? Yeah."

Armin hurriedly came out of his thoughts and picked up the charcoal, but he couldn't escape Kira's eyesight.

Even if she was a little slow-witted, she was also a person who worked in the abyss. She must have guessed what Armin was thinking about.

"......"

Kira waited for Armin to confess without even putting down her basket.

But he just waved his charcoal as if nothing had happened.

It was annoying for Kira to deal with him when he pretended not to know what he was thinking because he covered his eyes with cloth.

"Don't tell me you're thinking something stupid?"

Armin's hand stopped abruptly. He frowned unpleasantly and looked back at Kira and asked.

"Something stupid?"

"Shirone. Of course we have to keep an eye on him, but it's not our business to interfere. We have orders from above to wait until Kazra Kingdom reaches its own conclusion."

Armin threw away the charcoal and got up.

"Kazra Kingdom is involved with Black Line's magicians. You know their skills better than anyone. Shirone is an important person for us too. It will be too late when they reach a conclusion."
```

Is this translation good enough for you?
[Translated block]


"That's why it's even more impossible. The higher-ups are strictly controlling the clash with the Black Line. It's better to leave it to the Red Line this time too."

"That's not something you can think so easily. The reason they took Shirone is..."

Kaira's eyes turned cold.

"Armin, I'm telling you again, don't act rashly. This is an order from a superior, not a colleague. If you don't follow my instructions, I'll have no choice but to bring out the treaty oath."

Armin clenched his mouth and glared at Kaira. If he disobeyed her orders, his loved ones would get hurt. Of course, Shiina was also included in the list.

Kaira felt a chill as the light eyes hidden under the bandage emitted a cold light.

But she couldn't bend her will.

They had been avoiding friction with the Black Line for 40 years. Breaking the balance of power now would only bring a bigger disaster.

Armin sighed and walked to the window, looking at the scenery outside. It was winter, but the sun was still shining brightly on the world.

"...Is this how you're going to treat me?"

"I can't help it. That's my job."

Kaira tried to act with a calm voice. She didn't want to torment someone who had reached the ultimate of time magic as a magician either.

But the treaty oath was valid from the higher-ups. She couldn't decide on it, and that's why she had to persuade Armin by any means necessary. Everything was for his sake.

Armin snapped coldly.

"Is your job to bind me, restrain me, and confine me?"

Kaira looked a bit wronged.

"Yes! If you're angry, just curse at me. I'll take any insults you throw at me. But until the order comes down, you can't go anywhere. That's my job."

Armin's breathing became rough.

Kaira felt like she was hearing a beast growl and quickly put her right hand on her chest.

In a one-on-one duel, Kaira was at a slight disadvantage. But she had something she could trust.

The treaty oath in her right hand could be activated at any time.

"Hoo, you're really too much."

Armin let out a long sigh and ended the tense standoff. Then he walked to the table and gently touched the flower in the vase.

A flower that was forcibly plucked by someone and trapped in a glass bottle. Maybe his situation was no different from this flower.

"Kaira..."

Armin's voice was gloomy. Kaira also softened her expression and approached him as if she understood his feelings.

"Armin, I'm sorry. But..."

"No one can bind me."

At that moment, Armin turned to look at Kaira and said. And he swung his hand and dropped the vase to the floor.

Kaira's eyes reflexively moved toward the vase.

'Oops!'

She lost sight of Armin for a moment. By the time she realized it, it was already the point when the time reversal field was activated.

The vase that was falling backwards stopped in mid-air, and Kaira froze like a doll without being able to turn her gaze back.

Armin's figure was not visible in the frozen time.

(End of Volume 11)

---------------------------------------
[Translated block]