
I'm sorry if my translation is not perfect. I tried my best without using any web service.

Alpheus sighed and looked at Olivia with a sad expression.

"No, it's not like that. You know I'm not that kind of person. It's just... I don't want to lose you again. You're the only one who understands me in this world."
[Translated block]


```
Alpheus looked up at the sky.

"Maybe that's possible. It's not a rational conclusion. I just felt that if not now, there would be no more chances. That's all."

Olivia had a blank expression. Alpheus smiled awkwardly and said. It was a ridiculous story even to himself.

"Is this a bit selfish?"

Olivia shook her head.

"No. Do you know what's really selfish? That this is the first time you've told me your feelings honestly."

"I'm sorry. I couldn't help it. That's how it was then. You know, I couldn't help it."

Olivia sighed deeply and sank into thought.

"So what do you want me to do? Try to cling to you again at this age? Maybe you'll accept me if I do?"

"I don't know my own feelings yet. No matter how long I live in this world, I don't know about these things. But I'll try."

Olivia forced herself to hold back the tears that were about to burst.

She should be angry at his selfish proposal, but as soon as she heard him say he would try, she felt her anger fade away.

She felt pathetic and miserable at herself for giving up everything again for him.

Olivia let out a deep sigh. She understood Alpheus's words a little bit. Honestly, she didn't want to live calculatively anymore either.

A second-class grand mage. She had achieved everything she wanted in life. What was there to be afraid of?

She just wanted to follow her emotions, let time flow and go with the flow. She thought it was okay at this age.

"Show me around the library. Let's have some tea first."

This time, Alpheus looked surprised. His wife lived in the library. He knew she was a foolish woman, but he didn't expect her to let go of everything again.

Olivia read his thoughts and pointed her finger at him.

"Don't get me wrong. It doesn't mean I accepted your proposal."

"Then why the library of all places?"

Olivia remembered the old days. She still had nightmares about the time she defaced Erina's portrait in front of Alpheus.

"I have something to apologize to Erina for..."

A smile finally appeared on Alpheus's face.

"Sure. Then shall we go?"

Alpheus got up first and Olivia followed him after glancing at the other teachers and coughing once.

The teachers were dumbfounded.

They didn't hear what they were talking about in detail, but they expected one of them to resign after the duel.

But they left for the library side by side, as if they had never fought each other to death in front of their students.

On the other hand, Klein, who had been riding high on Dante's interview, was desperate. It was a new star's birth, but the problem was his future.

He had monopolized Dante, the star, until now. But in the end he faded away and now it was Sirona's world.

From now on, countless reporters would try to catch Sirona and the competition would be no joke.

And their first target to eliminate would be him, of course.

Klein came up with an idea and his eyes sparkled. In this situation, he had no choice but to make a big bet and secure his future foothold.

When everyone tried to catch Sirona, he would bet against them and aim for an exclusive scoop.

Klein walked over to the video recorder. But when he arrived, he saw that the video recording device was lying on the floor.

He looked at it incredulously and asked coldly.

"What happened? Why is this down?"

"Well, that... The bracelets all broke, you know. The video recording device was connected too. That's how we could record the fight. And then it went boom and fell down."

The video recorder shrugged his shoulders as if it was an act of God.

Klein was about to swear a bucketful but took a deep breath and calmed himself down.

Obscura was a sensitive device that could break from a slight shock.

"Check it quickly! Obscura, I mean. We can't write anything without it."
```

How is my translation? Did I do well?
[Translated block]


```
"Ah, I see."

The video archivist opened the main body and searched inside.

He rummaged through the inside for a long time and turned his head with a sigh of relief.

"It's okay. Obscura is safe."

Kilrain's heart rate finally returned to normal.

"Phew, that's a relief."

Shiina, who had safely returned the students, came over after finishing her mission.

"What's going on? Is there a problem?"

The video archivist laughed nervously and said.

"Aha, well..."

Kilrain shouted suddenly.

"This can't be!"

It was an instinctive action of a correspondent.

When the video archivist and Shiina looked at her with a puzzled expression, she pretended to be sad.

"Obscura is cracked. The damaged obscura can't play the video. In the end, nothing was recorded."

Shiina also sighed in regret. Today's confrontation was of such a high level that it could be a textbook for many students.

The fact that the obscura containing the entire battle between Shirone and Dante was broken was not only a personal disappointment, but also a loss for the entire kingdom.

But on the other hand, she also felt relieved.

She heard that Alpheus, the principal teacher, ordered Sade to destroy the black box.

Of course, what was contained in the obscura was nothing more than a simple video, but since it had come to this point, it was better to crack down on it for sure.

"That's too bad. I'm sorry."

Shiina conveyed her words of consolation with half sincerity and half falsehood and left.

When she moved away, the video archivist looked at Kilrain as if to say what he was doing.

But nothing came into her eyes. Only one thought filled her head.

She would always be the best correspondent of the teachers' association.

'Hehehe! It's an exclusive, an exclusive!'

The Truth Revealed (1)

A week had passed since Shirone and Dante's confrontation.

Olivia was still acting as the interim principal, and there were rumors that she would return as vice principal from next semester.

It was shocking news for the students.

Olivia was a second-class grand mage.

She could go back to the Royal Magic School, but it was unimaginable that she would work under Alpheus.

But if the rumor was true, it would be really exciting.

From Alpheus, who was a gentleman, to Olivia, who was the best teacher in the kingdom, if they came to school, the school's reputation would soar.

That's why even though there was only a month left in the semester and it was a busy time, the students' study atmosphere was good.

Olivia often took walks with Alpheus.

The two still disagreed like fire and water, but they never saw them escalate into a big fight.

Olivia would fire up like fire, but when Alpheus said something, she would shut her mouth as if she had poured cold water on it.

Based on that fact, teachers and students thought that Olivia must have been caught by some weakness by Alpheus.

Today too, Olivia spent leisurely time with Alpheus walking around the school.

Most of the curriculum had been revised during the semester, so only teachers were busy.

"I'm going to plant roses here."

Olivia spread her arms as if measuring the width of the flower bed and said.

Students passing by greeted her.

"Hello, Principal Olivia!"

Olivia greeted them with a kind smile.

"Yeah, are you done with your classes?"

"Yes. We're going to the library now."

"I see. But it's practice time. Don't you have to go to the training ground?"

"Oh, we had 2000 class today. We're trying to adjust our condition. I didn't know before, but since 2000 was introduced, I think there are some difficulties when it coincides with practice time."

"That could be. I'll suggest it at the teachers' meeting."

"Huh? Really? Thank you!"

The students were overjoyed and headed for the library.

Rather than adhering to grandiose philosophy, Olivia's educational policy was to respond quickly and efficiently to increase efficiency.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


"Principal!"

Sade ran towards them, shouting from afar. His expression looked like something big had happened.

But Alpheus and Olivia, who had experienced all kinds of troubles, did not worry in advance.

"What's the matter, Mr. Sade?"

Sade gasped for breath and swallowed his saliva, then took out a magazine from his back pocket.

It was <Spirit>, a magazine published by the Teachers' Association.

Olivia belatedly sensed the situation.

Well, it was not hard to guess how much they exaggerated the story of an unknown student defeating the kingdom's best Dante.

Did I translate it correctly?
[Translated block]