


[354] The Prosecutor's Belief (6)

Shirone, who stayed at the mansion for a day, headed to the restaurant with Lian and Tess. Klump was sitting at the head of the table reading a newspaper and Reyna was busy preparing food.

Shirone rubbed her sleepy eyes and nodded.

"Good morning."

"Let's eat breakfast."

Lian, who sat down on a chair rubbing his hungry stomach, asked Reyna.

"Where's Rai?"

"He left early in the morning. Do you think he's as idle as you?"

As always, he started with a joke, but this time there was a bone in his words. As a sister, she couldn't help but worry about the fact that her younger brother was leaving for knight training.

"Tsk, I only quit one day ago! And I'm leaving right after breakfast too."

Reyna put chicken stew on a plate and said.

"Why don't you take a few days off. Shirone is here too."

Shirone said as she carried the plate.

"No, I have to go back soon too."

She had an appointment with Gangnan, so she couldn't tell the details. More than anything, she wondered why the association president was looking for her.

It was Lian's departure day, so there was a solemn atmosphere. But Lian, the party concerned, ate three plates of chicken stew greedily and packed his luggage as if he was in a hurry.

His luggage was nothing but a backpack with simple clothes and a day's worth of food. He wore a leather scabbard on his body and stuck a greatsword behind his back. He approached Klump in the living room.

"Grandpa."

"Are you ready?"

There was one thing left to say he was ready.

The fact that he beat Rai would be a great courage for his future journey. But that meant he had to make sure of something.

"What did Rai say yesterday?"

Klump took his mouth off the teacup and looked up at Lian.

"Why didn't you try to destroy the sword? You know, Grandpa."

"Oh, that."

Klump put down the teacup with a bad taste in his mouth.

He had been putting it off for fear of giving him false hope, but now that he was leaving for knight training, it wouldn't matter if he told him.

"The sword you're wearing is not an ordinary thing. Have you ever heard of an objet?"

"Oh, an objet?"

Lian widened his eyes and pulled out his greatsword. The functions of normal control and diamond armor that Shirone demonstrated last night flashed through his head and his heart beat faster.

Shirone and Tess also came out to the living room and paid attention to the greatsword. It was a sword that had no special features except for emphasizing its predatory shape.

Lian held up the greatsword vertically and looked up at it.

"This is an objet? So that's why you didn't destroy it? What kind of ability does it have?"

Klump crossed his arms and crossed his legs.

"The official name of that sword is <Idea>. Its ability is as amazing as its name. To put it bluntly, <Idea> is in any situation..."

"In any situation?"

Klump narrowed his eyes sharply and said emphatically.

"It doesn't break."

Silence flowed in the living room.

"And then?"

"Huh? What do you mean then? It doesn't break, you know? Whether it falls into lava, cuts with a saw, or hits with a hammer, it doesn't break even a fingernail. Isn't that amazing?"

In some sense, it could be said to be the romance of a swordsman. But compared to Arman, which had dozens of functions condensed into it, it was simple enough to be disappointing.

"Well, that's... amazing. It's amazingly great, but it's an objet. If the sword breaks, you can just buy a new one, right?"

"How foolish. Do you know how important the durability of a weapon is in real combat? Even yesterday's duel would have been much harder if it wasn't for <Idea>."

Lian admitted that fact too. No, come to think of it, he had already been saved by <Idea>. It was when he blocked Imir's straight punch.

Imir, who had crushed Siguna and Exdo like paper dolls, couldn't destroy Lian's greatsword. If it wasn't for <Idea>, Imir's fist would have pierced through the sword and smashed Lian's body.
[Translated block]


```text
"That's what the sword is. Rai didn't fail to try swordsmanship. He couldn't. Rai really wanted that when he was young."

Lian pouted his lips. He was proud of himself for becoming a decent swordsman now, but when he was young, Rai was the pride of the family who received all the expectations.

"Tsk, then why did you keep it until now instead of giving it to Rai?"

"He hates clumsy things. It wouldn't suit him either."

He asked with a bit of hope, but the answer was different from what he expected.

Lian's expression became more sullen, and Klump smiled with a grin.

"Kukuku, what did you expect? Did you think I prepared it especially for you?"

"Who cares? Don't be so mean."

Klump pretended not to know, but Sirone could guess.

Rai probably really wanted <Idea>. Apart from the function, it was a great honor to inherit the sword of the previous head of the family. But the sword was handed over to Lian.

Still, he took it as a joke, probably because he didn't want to burden his grandson.

"Shall I tell you a story about <Idea> since we're talking about it?"

"Huh? Is there a story?"

Lian showed interest with shining eyes. He grumbled, but he didn't seem to dislike <Idea>'s unique ability.

"Of course. I also traveled around to practice swordsmanship when I was young. At that time, I single-handedly defeated a bandit group. They were formidable enemies. I annihilated them, but I also suffered a fatal wound that faced death. I dragged my injured body down the mountain. But there was a strange village that wasn't on the map. There was nothing much different from other villages, but strangely enough, people were quiet and gloomy."

Sirone's party held their breath and immersed themselves in Klump's story. It was a story about the meeting of fate between a person who became the general of Torumia later and an objet.

"There I met an old man and his granddaughter and saved my life by chance. When I came to my senses, my wound was healed cleanly. I don't know how they treated me. All I remember in my faint consciousness is the word that they repeated endlessly. Smile, smile, they said."

Lian muttered in his mouth.

"Smile? What does that mean?"

"I don't know. It could have been a spell or some kind of magic. Anyway, the old man seemed to recite that word all night long. So I woke up and looked around the village. There was an antique shop. It was a shop with a lot of strange things. The most impressive thing was that they sold glass bottles filled with colorful smoke. They wouldn't tell me what they were for even if I asked."

As if this was the main point, Klump sipped his tea and rinsed his mouth.

"Then I saw a big sword hanging behind the counter. That's <Idea> that you're wearing. I knew at a glance that it wasn't an ordinary sword. And I approached the owner as if I was bewitched by something."

Lian swallowed his saliva with a stiff expression.

"So, what happened?"

Klump blinked his eyes and said casually.

"Huh? What happened? Of course I paid money and bought it."

The tension turned into disappointment, and Lian blurted out.

"Are you kidding me now?"

Klump frowned as if he didn't like it.

"What's wrong, kid? Did you want to hear the story?"

Lian scratched his head.

He was fooled by his grandfather again. Was it so fun to tease his grandson who was eighteen years old?

"I was nervous for nothing. I thought you had some weird experience that transcended life and death."

"Puhahahaha! Am I crazy to risk my life for a sword? Lian, remember this. The true sword is held not by hand but by heart. Anyway, I bought it with great determination. Take good care of it."

"Tsk. What a cliché. By the way, how much did you pay for it? It's an objet anyway, so it must be around 2 million gold?"
```
[Translated block]


"That? 80 million gold."

Clang! Lian slammed the greatsword on the floor.

"Damn! You're crazy! You're paying 80 million for a sword that just doesn't break? With that money, you could buy hundreds of famous swords!"

"It's an objet d'art, you bastard! And it's my money and I'm buying it, what do you care? If you're going to treat it so roughly, give it back! If you want to take it, fork over 80 million!"

"No way! You said you'd give it to me, that's final, no take-backs now!"

Lian hastily picked up the greatsword and hugged it to his chest as if someone would snatch it away.

"Where do you see a swordsman who slams a sword on the floor? That sword is too good for you! Hang it in my room right now!"

"Why? Are you afraid it'll break or something? You said the true sword is the one you hold with your heart!"

Shirone and Tess watched the argument with dumbfounded expressions.

"......They're really similar, these two."

"I know, right?"

After struggling for a while, they stopped talking as if exhausted.

In the end, the winner was Lian. He put the greatsword back in its sheath and tightened the leather strap more firmly than usual as if to show it off to Clump.

The smugness was short-lived, as Clump smiled as he remembered something.

It was a moment he had waited for 18 years. Seeing it with his own eyes, his old heart tightened with emotion.

'He looks more and more like me.'

He had no talent for swordsmanship, but he had decided from the start that Lian was the owner of <Idea>.

He didn't pay 80 million gold for its function. A sword that never breaks. That was the perfect creed for the Ogent family.

And at this moment, all his philosophy was conveyed to Lian through <Idea>.

'But it's really strange. I paid 80 million gold and went back, but the village had disappeared without a trace.'

Of course, if a huge sum of 80 million gold came into a rural village, it would be enough for the whole village to move to a better place.

But he also had a subtle feeling that he couldn't tell Lian.

Maybe he was just lying in the mountains with a fatal wound, and the month he spent going back and forth between the village and home was actually wandering in a dream in a state of unconsciousness.

Anyway, it was one of the most incomprehensible events in Clump's life. And also, after realizing that day, he rose to success and eventually became a general, a third-class swordsman.

"Grandpa, then I'll be going."

Lian had changed his expression in an instant and said goodbye with burning eyes.

"That's right. The most important thing is to protect yourself. Remember that there is not always victory in real combat."

It was a way of saying that it was better to avoid fights that could be avoided.

Lian engraved his grandfather's advice in his heart and bowed sincerely.

'Thank you, Grandpa. For trusting your unworthy grandson until the end.'

Lian left the mansion with the farewell of his family and friends. A carriage was waiting at the gate.

He looked at the carriage for a moment and thought of his destination. He made up his mind and turned to Shirone.

"Shirone, work hard. Even though I dropped out, just think I graduated first."

"Yeah. You too, take care of yourself. Keep in touch often."

Lian looked at Tess, who had tears in her eyes. She had held up well until now, but when it came time to really leave, she couldn't suppress her surging emotions.

Lian smiled gently. She was a woman who cared too much for a swordsman, but he liked her that way. Someday he would face her proudly.

"Tess, I'll be back."

"You bad kid. You didn't even consult me..."

"I'm sorry. I was short-sighted."

Tess understood Lian's choice. And she was the one who had to understand him more than anyone else. But on the other hand, she was angry at herself for not being able to push away this insensitive man.

"This is the last time I'm putting up with you. If you come back and treat me like this again..."

Lian hugged Tess with a broad chest.
[Translated block]


"I'll come back stronger."

Tes clenched her lips and held back the tears that were about to spill.

'You don't have to be strong. Just come back alive...'

And she gently stroked Rian's back and said.

"Yes. Come back stronger."

That's how Rian finished saying goodbye to everyone and got on the carriage. True to his personality, he never looked back as he ran forward.

The four people who remained felt empty as if the male space was gone. That was Rian's presence.

Shirone prayed as she watched the carriage fade away.

'Come back as a great swordsman, Rian. I'll do my best too.'

May no misfortune befall Rian's future.
[Translated block]