


[598] Cube of Time (5)

Fermi waited endlessly for an answer.

'If you twist the event, your mother can live.'

But to Fermi, Yolga was more than a mother, and it felt like an insult to even deny her death.

So he wanted to know.

Why Yolga had to go to the upper level, why such an excellent mother couldn't return to her family.

"You often lose your way in life."

Yolga finally opened her mouth.

"But Fermi, it's okay to worry about right and wrong. Because when you stop worrying about it, the value of human existence disappears."

"Even if I... am a villain?"

Yolga smiled kindly.

"It's humans who choose good and evil, not good and evil choosing humans."

And she patted Fermi's big shoulder with her hand.

"Always remember that you can still choose. Then even if you lose your way, you can find it again."

All parents embrace their children, but Yolga's words had a kindness that supported Fermi's entire personality.

'My mother. My own mother.'

No, she was the mother of the whole world.

"Did that answer your question? It might be a reward for receiving a good item."

"I'm overflowing."

When Fermi turned around, Yolga asked hastily.

"Where are you going now?"

"Forward."

Fermi, who turned his head, smiled and said.

"I chose."

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: 2 hours 13 minutes.

Space: Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society.

It was a desperate public battle.

Mustang, who freely manipulates the three attributes of fire, cold, and air, unfolded magic that seemed to have been developed independently, and An Chal, the head of the Jincheon Universe, also defended by pulling out all possible illusions.

Shirone's Elysion pressured Edgawa Nine by casting magic on the space itself, not the target, and Miro's Guan Yin was now pouring a barrage on Yolga as if she was wrapped in madness.

'She's strong, Miro.'

It wasn't just a matter of realm, Miro himself was transcending humanity.

'I understand why Geppin chose you.'

If Yolga climbed to the realm of Banja from the lowest place in the world, Miro looks down on the world from a higher place than human thought.

'I want to rely on you.'

The fact that Miro feels relieved when he is by his side is a completely different temperament from Yolga blindly embracing someone.

'If I'm the mother of humanity...'

Miro is the father of humanity.

In the front line of crisis, one who protects humanity by sacrificing only himself without showing any pain.

'Yes, Miro. We weren't wrong.'

But the world says only one of them can remain.

In the situation where the end of humanity is approaching, what does humanity need, a father or a mother?

Yolga smiled happily.

'You've grown up well.'

The face of a young man passed through her mind.

That's why it's not the end.

"Miro, I can't stand it anymore."

The kindness disappeared from Yolga's face.

Banja-Pa Maria.

"Really? Now it's going to be fun!"

If it's Pa Maria, destruction was possible, so Miro accelerated Guan Yin's barrage.

It was after An Chal crushed Mustang with a hammer of Jincheon magic and Shirone knocked down Edgawa Nine.

'You must have thought you couldn't buy time.'

Miro thought so, but Yolga was laughing.

"What...!"

At the moment when Guan Yin's paradise was flying in from both sides to crush her, a flash flew in and caught her.

"Ugh!"

Fermi, who was released in a photon state, gritted his teeth and slid on the floor, then hit his head on the wall with a thud.

"Fermi?"

Yolga looked at Fermi with a surprised expression.

He was covered in blood all over his body, and he was in a serious state with severe wounds in various parts.
[Translated block]


"How did it come to this......"

"Huhu. You're quite strong, those who are after you."

In order to prevent Yolga's death, Fermi fought with Mars and achieved the feat of defeating 14 members.

Thanks to the numerous high-level magic, it was impossible to avoid fatal injuries while eliminating 14 members of the kingdom's top assassination squad.

Yolga, who had Fermi on the floor, looked around the research club.

Edgawa Nine's body was lying in front of Gepin's door, and Mustang was dead next to Anchar, who was kneeling and bleeding.

Finally, she turned her gaze to Miro and opened her mouth.

"Don't disappear. Instead, please do me a favor."

"No, don't ask. Don't disappear. Just go with me."

"Die!"

At that time, Nickel, the captain of Mars, entered the research club.

His eyes, filled with the blood of his subordinates killed by Fermi, were full of will to complete the mission.

"I'll kill you!"

'Idiot! That's not Hexa!'

To Nickel, who didn't know the current situation, it was natural that the prince of Kazura looked like a child that Miro was holding.

"No!"

The warning sound of <Yeager Family's Last Cry> went off in Yolga's ear, who was running towards the child.

"Dangerous!"

The girl's scream means death.

"Dangerous!"

She's dying.

"Dangerous! Dangerous! Dangerous!"

She's dying. She's dying. She's dying.

Kicking away dozens of chances to live, she headed for a future where there was only death.

Nickel's sword pierced her back.

"Huh!"

Yolga's head shot up to the ceiling, and Nickel twisted the blade and pushed the sword in further.

'I have to kill the child!'

The spirit of a trained soldier was as cold as a machine.

Cheonsugwan-eum-One hit.

Just before the tip of the sword pierced the prince, Kwan-eum's palm flew and separated Nickel's face from his body.

Yolga, who had knelt down, got up with Fermi holding one shoulder from behind.

"Um......"

But Miro spoke first.

"Why?"

It was something she couldn't understand.

"This child is destined to be trapped forever! Why do you keep doing foolish things?"

"That's something you have to choose for yourself."

Miro saw Yolga's limit.

"Miro, trust us. Believe that we can protect the future with our power."

"No, you won't remember when you leave here. It's erased! This stupid sister!"

"No, I'm sure you can remember."

Yolga smiled as if her life was burning.

"Because you're not stupid."

Remember.

Miro clenched her fists.

She will definitely remember what Yolga conveyed through her death.

Yolga, who seemed satisfied, closed her eyes and fell backwards, and Fermi quickly caught her.

'Mom.'

She thought she had to say it.

"Um......"

"Fermi, thank you."

Yolga raised her hand and stroked Fermi's cheek.

"Your choice has changed the world. Proud......"

Her hand fell weakly.

"My son."

So Yolga left Fermi's side.

Just like 19 years ago.

"Thank you, mother."

But he was no longer sad, and sent Yolga off with a smile just like his mother.

"Fermi! Avoid!"

The moment Shiro shouted, a powerful electric shock occurred around Fermi.

Holding Yolga's corpse and throwing his body, a dark shadow grabbed the prince of Kazura and ran to the corner.

"Haah! Haah!"

Raikon, who was bleeding from his head, grabbed the child's neck and glared at Fermi.

"Traitor. How dare you use me?"

"You have to speak correctly. It's not that I used you, but that I was used."

Knowing Fermi's personality, Raikon asked bluntly.

"Where's the object? Give it all."
[Translated block]


"There's none."

Electricity flowed through the hand of Raikon, who had grabbed the child's neck.

"If you don't want to kill a human child, bring the Obje."

Raikon, who knew the identity of Yolga, also knew that the child she risked her life to protect was useful for threats.

"Even if you say that, there's none. It's all destroyed."

"Then find a way. It's your specialty, isn't it? Bring it even if you have to make it. If not, this child dies."

It was impossible for anyone to snatch the child from Raikon, who was wrapped in electricity.

"Raikon, you should make a good judgment. It won't be good to make me angry."

"Hehe, it has been so far. But not anymore."

Raikon's gaze turned to Yolga's corpse.

He thought that using the incident where the mother went missing to duplicate the Obje was all there was to it.

But when he actually opened the lid, Fermi was ultimately a human.

"Stupid kid. You miss your mom's arms so much......"

To Raikon, who couldn't even guess how the complex incidents of the upper class would change the future, what Fermi really wanted to protect was a natural misunderstanding.

"I don't need to explain to you. But the moment you refuse my words, life will be hard."

"Is that so, Fermi?"

A spark flashed in Raikon's eyes.

"I've always thought you were unlucky."

With a crackle and a flash, the child's crying disappeared, and Raikon, who threw the corpse, activated the electric magic and escaped from the research meeting.

"Raikon!"

As Fermi burst into a rage and chased after him, Shiroene immediately moved to save Prince Kazura.

"He's dead. Let's change the event again."

It was regrettable that Yolga's will was broken.

"Do as you please. I'm going out."

But Miro had to keep Yolga's teaching, how important choice is to humans.

'Sister's last memory. I'll definitely take it.'

To do that, she had to leave now.

"When I leave Istas, the time curve will be completely closed. I'll end the event with this."

If the event is twisted, Yolga's death will unfold in a different direction, and Miro's determination will also become a non-event.

In that case, Shiroene will not be able to be here either.

"I don't know when, but if we meet again in the future, please remember today's event."

Miro crossed the threshold of the research meeting.

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: 2 hours 35 minutes.

Space: Warehouse No. 9.

Even while Shiroene was operating the mechanism of Istas, the nagging of the inspection continued.

"Shiroene, let's just end it here. It's dangerous to twist the event any further."

Shiroene didn't answer.

"Think about it! If it leads to the worst event......!"

"We'll meet."

"What?"

A spark flashed in Shiroene's eyes as she pressed the completion button.

"I'm going to meet Geopin."

"What are you talking about? How can you meet Geopin?"

Geopin definitely exists.

In the world before 0 o'clock when Miro came in and the event occurred.

'Geopin, I don't know what you're thinking, but......'

Listening to the sound of Istas vibrating as it changes structure, Shiroene left the warehouse.

'I'll definitely convince you!'

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: 2 hours 42 minutes.

Space: Istas Warehouse No. 72.

With her body covered in blood, Miro staggered.

If she leaves Istas as it is, time will be isolated and only the events she experienced will circulate.

"Shiroene."

With the exit in front of her, Miro stopped her steps.

"Don't come. No matter what you're thinking, you must never come here."

It was a warning to Shiroene, who would be watching from behind the illusion magic of the inspection, who had just come in.

Kurururung!

As soon as the words ended, Istas vibrated and the position of the structure began to change.
[Translated block]


"This idiot...!"

Miro, who turned his body, saw Shiro running towards him.

'I will definitely meet Geopin!'

It might be possible.

If only we can reach 0 o'clock.

'Damn it!'

The closed curve of Warehouse 72 began to open.

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: 0 o'clock.

Space: Istas Warehouse 72.

Miro, holding Hexa in his arms, looked back at Geopin outside the exit and asked,

"How much time do I have left?"

She nodded at Geopin's words.

"Don't worry. We will definitely succeed."

"Geopin!"

The moment Shiro's phantom, running with a glowing timepiece, appeared, time began to flow backwards.

Miro, who was moving in reverse, disappeared outside the curtain of light as he stepped back, and at the same time, Shiro jumped into the exit.

'Come out!'

The starting point of a 2 hour 48 minute record.

But for Shiro, the past 1 second was also the present...

'I know what's there!'

Finally, the damn thing jumped over the barrier of time.

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: -1 second.

Space: Unknown.

(End of Volume 24)
[Translated block]