


```text
[545] Great Straight (1)

Shirone, who returned to the northwest tribe, called the priest Bebeto.

Yo was assisting by his side, watching him carefully, as Shirone seemed uncomfortable after visiting the forbidden sanctuary.

The code was entangled in the temple and Bebeto revealed himself.

"Judge, did you call me?"

"Get ready to leave the tribe."

Bebeto and Yo looked at Shirone with a surprised expression at the words that were uttered without any context.

"Are you leaving the tribe? Then where are you going?"

"I'm not going anywhere."

Shirone said with confidence.

"I'm going to change this world. A world where everyone lives together without war or food."

Bebeto made an awkward expression.

He was okay when he proposed an alliance with other tribes, but now his remarks were not something a sane person could think of.

"What on earth happened?"

Bebeto asked Yo, but Shirone answered.

"It's not time to talk yet. When the people who left to propose an alliance gather...."

"The Guardian has arrived!"

The gatekeeper shouted before Shirone finished speaking.

Shirone got up from his seat and headed for the entrance, and a bunch of people came in as the door opened wide.

"What?"

As Shirone looked dumbfounded, Eksa, who entered flapping his bat wings, bowed.

"Judge, as you instructed, we have formed an alliance with the eastern tribe and the southern tribe. These are the guardians of each tribe."

It was what Shirone wanted, but it was too fast and easy no matter how he thought about it.

They were bound to be wary of the alliance proposal because they hated having two suns in one tribe so much.

"How did this happen?"

Eksa finally showed a sign of embarrassment at the question with many questions at once.

"Actually...."

"It's my work."

Shura appeared in a green dress, parting the guardians.

"I've already eliminated the judges of the eastern and southern tribes. In other words, you are the only sun in this world, Shirone."

Shirone unknowingly stepped back.

'Doesn't anyone feel it?'

The snake's energy emanating from the woman.

It was not visible to the eye, but he could see a huge snake twisting its tail and flicking its tongue.

It must be a certain frequency between Banias.

"Who are you?"

"I'm Shura. The one who will make you a god at Ra's request."

"Ra's request?"

"I guess there will be some troublemakers. You know what I mean?"

Shirone thought of Miro's party.

"Do you want to hurt them?"

"No, rather the opposite. They're coming to hurt us. I'll do my best to stop it."

Shirone, who reached Banja's realm through Sosegye Changyu, realized how powerful Miro was as a human being.

It was too easy for her to undo this if she wanted to.

'But... Miro said it was for me.'

Shirone sat down on his throne weakly and asked.

"What if this world is fake? What do you think about it?"

Shura smiled softly and approached Shirone's side.

She leaned over and poked Shirone's head with her slender fingers like a snake.

"There is no truth in this world, Shirone. Only what you believe is true."

"......"

Shirone was lost in thought for a long time and then lifted his head.

"So, what are you going to do now?"

"I have to perform a ritual to become a sun god."

Shura tapped Shirone's shoulder and looked at the guardians, and their shoulders flinched.

When she came as Ra's wife, Shirone's mother, they thought she was a crazy woman.

But since they saw Shura's abilities with their own eyes, any doubt was impossible.

"Shall we move to another place?"
```
[Translated block]


Shura closed his eyes and the surroundings began to unravel into code.

Beveto, a fellow coder, shivered.

'The language of God itself.'

Shura was truly the god of this world.

"Where are we?"

The guardians of the three clans all looked around.

They had arrived in the middle of a desert outside the city as the scenery suddenly changed.

"Hehe, do you like it, Shirone? This is where you will become a god."

"Why did you choose this place?"

"Even I can't fully protect you from the Labyrinth. Besides, you like flashy things, don't you?"

"What kind of flashiness in the desert...."

Shirone stopped talking and stared blankly at the sky.

As Shura raised his arms and muttered toward the sun, cubes of stone weighing tens of tons fell endlessly from the clouds of tangled code.

In front of the process that would take years even if all the clan members rushed in, the children of the sun came to believe in the existence of God as a reality.

In front of the giant pyramid that reached hundreds of meters high, Shirone couldn't help but feel fear.

'Who is this woman?'

Shura pointed to the pyramid and said.

"This structure will protect you from the interferers. It contains all my abilities."

To erect a barrier strong enough to block the avatar of the Labyrinth, it had to be at least this size.

He also didn't say it, but it was also a device to analyze the code generated by Shirone and Ra's union tomorrow.

"So that's why you chose the desert? But we can't unite with Ra here."

"You have to accept that it will take time. Ra will pull all the mucus from the city here. He'll arrive by noon tomorrow at the latest."

"I see."

Shirone looked up at the top of the pyramid.

'Tomorrow I'll be there....'

He would save the destroyed world.

'I'm feeling anxious.'

Shura bit his nails and sank into thought.

It wasn't over just by blocking the Labyrinth, but his party would also interfere in some way.

'I can't help it. I don't want to borrow his hand.'

Shura, who was looking up at the sky, suddenly frowned and looked around.

"Where is this monkey?"

* * *

"Yay! It's hunting time, hunting!"

The underground combat unit that gave up on entering the forbidden sanctuary shouted with joy when they found another human.

"He looks very tasty!"

The virgin looked straight ahead and caught sight of a motorcycle unit passing by her field of vision.

Behind the encirclement was a jeep with a chief sitting on it, crossing his arms and making a fierce expression.

The motorcycle unit that braked in front of her pointed their guns at her in unison.

"I'm too hungry to hear your last words."

The virgin analyzed the emotions that seeped into her chest.

'Hunger. Mockery. Death. Final opinion.'

Her thoughts ended as soon as a loud gunshot and flames erupted from their barrels.

Then their barrels shook and pointed to the sky.

"......"

The chief stared blankly at the sight of his subordinates with their throats cut, convulsing and shooting their rifles at the sky.

A moment later, the motorcycles fell to either side, and the virgin climbed onto the hood of the jeep.

"Not bad. What are you?"

'Recognition of me. Question about me. Desire to understand.'

He was asking who she was.

She had never learned underground language, but his meaning was conveyed through her whole body.

Virgin.

Sura Yacha, 11,200 years old.

Unlike most immortals who pursued more than human, her mind rather dug deeper into animal realms.

After thousands of years, she could no longer find the boundary between herself and nature.

In that process, her developed senses went beyond sensitivity and were called 'monstrous senses', which allowed her to make almost 100 percent predictions of fleeting phenomena that logic could not penetrate.
[Translated block]


"I am your king."

The expression on Taejang's face crumpled at the words of the princess.

He also had the genes of the wild, so he was extremely sensitive to the signal that suppressed him.

"How dare you ignore me!"

As Taejang sprang up like a spring, the princess widened the distance.

The underground people who were in ambush fired crossfire, and she lowered her posture and frowned as she landed on the ground.

"Krrrrrr!"

Acting-Nirvana E-engine (thermal power 8-cylinder).

With a bang, her body swept around.

As if a blade of wind passed by, every time an afterimage passed by, the bodies of the underground people were cut off, and Taejang roared like a monkey and lifted up the jeep.

"Eat this!"

It was a monstrous strength, but for the princess, the movement of the jeep seemed slower as time passed.

'Bend.'

Her acting nirvana E-engine pushes out the cylinder of law with the power of nirvana.

The cylinder can be arranged up to 8, and one action is mounted on each cylinder.

Serial 8-cylinder, 8-process 1-cycle mechanism.

The faster you accelerate the nirvana E-engine, the stronger the thermal power, the faster the cycle, and there is no limit.

'Accelerate!'

The princess, who accelerated the thermal power, swung her sword toward the jeep falling over her head.

Her cycle, which had eight laws and eight directions of cutting, had currently surpassed 80 revolutions, and it was a fast speed that even Taejang's eyes, which had amazing dynamic vision, could barely see.

The iron-made car body shattered like a star, and then countless cuts followed.

When the princess passed by the jeep, the car body was already broken into thousands of pieces like parts and rolled on the floor.

"Hoooooo!"

The sight of her clothes fluttering in the heat rising from her body was a complete figure of a wild beast.

"Ah...."

Taejang looked at the princess with eyes of horror.

Even if the language did not communicate, the physiology of the wild conveyed one emotion to his genes.

"Woooooo! Woooooo!"

She is king!

The king who will rule this city's jungle has appeared!

Taejang screamed and walked up to bow his head in front of the princess.

"O King, rule over me."

Knowing that power is everything in the wild, the princess naturally became their leader and gave orders.

"Take me to your former king."

Taejang still did not understand her words, but his instinct told him where he had to go.

* * *

At sunset, Miro's party finally found a place to attack Shura's residence.

While Lian, a swordsman, guarded the ground, the remaining three magicians rose into the sky and looked at the huge pyramid standing in the desert.

"It's a structure that wasn't on the map. That must be it."

"Yeah. It's really fast."

"Are we too late?"

"We have enough time. Mucus won't arrive until noon tomorrow at least."

All mucus in the city were crawling toward the desert slowly.

It was thousands of times faster than the average expansion speed, but it was still far away.

As it got dark, Miro's eyes glowed as he looked into the distance.

It was a magnifying magic that refracted light to see farther distances.

"Hmm...."

The bluish hemispherical curtain that surrounded the pyramid was surely a defensive barrier of law.

"Can't we break it?"

"Can't you do it with your skill?"

Fermi tried to tease him softly, but Miro surprisingly admitted it easily.

"If it were reality, I don't know, but here...."

"Is there no other way?"

"We have no choice but to infiltrate directly. It's a defensive barrier that blocks law from outside. It's useless if you just get inside."

"What if there is also defense inside? For example, anti-magic that disrupts magic."

This time Miro couldn't stand it.

"Are you kidding me now? That's a barrier to stop me. No human can care that much about me."
[Translated block]


"I see."

If Miro's defense was not strong enough to block the attack with all his might, there was no reason to set up a barrier in the first place.

It was only possible for Shura, who was the strongest human lawgiver.

"Anyway, it's awkward. It looks like they've unified the flock over there. Can we get through the mutants and get there?"

"Wait a minute. Something showed up."

Hundreds of headlights poured in from the other side of the desert.

The sight of the underground people crossing the desert with their own means of transportation caught Miro's eye.

"They added underground people to the flock."

Marsha said.

"To lift the barrier, you have to infiltrate inside. The ones who block us are the executives of the Tenrohui, the guardians of the Children of the Sun, the underground people, and the Mucus. Can you do it?"

Miro shook his head.

"No. The power of Ban-ya is canceled out by the power of Ban-ya. It's not a good choice to leave it to me as long as Shura is active."

"Then what are you going to do? There's no way."

"Is that really so?"

Miro smiled and looked down at the ground.

"We have Yacha, don't we?"

Everyone's eyes turned to Lian.

He, who could not fly in the sky, was sitting on the ground, leaning his tired body on his sword.

"Oh, I'm hungry."
[Translated block]