
How did I do? Was my translation accurate and clear? Do you have any feedback or questions for me?
[Translated block]
Did you understand my translation? Do you have any questions or comments?
[Translated block]


```
Reina made a bored expression.

"In a way... you have to deal with a great person."

Armin also admitted that it was not easy.

"In fact, if he doesn't commit a crime, he can be called a really brilliant intellectual. Diving is a work that requires tremendous intellectual ability."

Amy summarized the contents she had heard so far.

"Let me summarize. Arius is after Ataraxia. He planned to kill to collapse Siron's unconsciousness and is currently heading to the first stage. He will steal Ataraxia there and go to Dreamo. Then he will smuggle it into reality. If that happens...?"

Amy shuddered at the imagination alone. Moreover, that was why Armin had come here, even tying Kira with a stop magic.

"That's right. Ataraxia becomes an object. The ability of the archangel becomes a tool that anyone can use. This is really serious."

"......"

The two women who faced the reality they did not want to admit lost their words for a moment and sank into thought.

@

Being trapped in a time reversal field does not mean becoming a fool.

The acceleration of thought, the acceleration of emotion, and the acceleration of cognition are the same, but only the speed of unfolding is slowed down.

Therefore, Siron was still impulsive, and that impulse was developing into a more intense impulse in the slow flow of time.

Likewise, Zenoga's wire also contained powerful energy in slow time and dug into Siron's neck.

The sound of flesh tearing slowly spread, and even slower... The bloodstain engraved on Siron's neck was stained with blood.

@

Flash!

The outside window was dyed gold for a moment.

Woong! Bang! Kwakwakwang!

The thunderous sound that shook the world as if the sky and earth were leaving.

Amy looked out the window with a terrified expression. It was an extreme natural phenomenon that was hard to hear even in reality.

She thought she was too old to be afraid of thunder, but when she heard Pacheonwang's rage, human fear gripped her heart.

"It's amazing. It sounds like thunder is hitting right in front of me."

Armin looked outside and said.

"The fear of death that is accepted by the unconscious rises to the surface. But this is very good. If an ordinary person were in this situation, it would have been hell and more. It's because it's Siron that he can endure it."

Amy smiled sadly. Unlike herself who had been scolded earlier, Armin acknowledged Siron.

What does it feel like to be recognized by such a great magician? That's why she was sad that Siron wasn't here.

'Well, because this is all Siron...'

Armin warned against being biased by admiration.

"The wire is still strangling Siron's neck. It will get worse and worse and start to collapse from below. You can see the aftermath from the current state of the 11th stage. Eventually, Arius will meet the minimum conditions to dive deep."

Amy quickly regained her sense of reality.

"Is there no way? A way to save Siron."

It doesn't end with stopping Arius and Zion. If this time reversal field is released as it is, Siron will die immediately.

"There is only one way for now. We also pass through the REM area and dig deep into it. It's too late to turn something back in reality. But if you plant something at the bottom of your mind, it might be possible."

Everything that happens in Siron's consciousness becomes Siron's thing soon. Therefore, he suggested planting a way to cope in advance in his unconsciousness in case of a desperate crisis.

"Like Ataraxia, do you plant magic?"

Armin scratched his head.

"That's impossible. In fact, I don't even know how Siron came to own that magic. There must have been something of the archangel. But we can't do it. Just simple behavioral guidelines might be enough to engrave if you go deep enough."
```

Do you have any questions or feedback about my translation?
[Translated block]


Hello, my name is Lee Min-ho. I am a famous actor in Korea. I have starred in many dramas and movies, such as Boys Over Flowers, The Heirs, and The King: Eternal Monarch. I like to travel, play video games, and read books in my free time. I am happy to meet you.

Do you have any questions for me?
[Translated block]