


[224] 2. Waiting for School to Start (2)

"Ha ha! That's so like Shiro. What kind of letter is this long?"

It was a rare sight to see his son smiling so brightly at home. He finally declared defeat and put down the newspaper. He asked Iruki.

"Is that the kid you told me about?"

"Yes, he sent me a letter. He writes very well."

"If you're that close, invite him over. Unroca, huh? I'd like to meet him."

"......Okay. I'll try to ask him."

Iruki's answer was soulless. Introducing Shiro was not a problem, but introducing his weird father to his friends was a huge problem.

'It's six days later, Dad.'

@

The central city of Sadia is the region where the most local nobles live in Torumia.

As a famous grain-producing area, it had a strong economy and few forces expanding outward, but the internal competition for territory was fierce, so the hierarchy changed frequently. Nade's family, the Wests, was no exception.

During the vacation, Nade practically lived in his workshop. He had been up for two nights in a row and his eyes were sunken.

The workshop looked like an extension of the Supernatural Spirit Science Society. Tools of unknown use rolled around on the floor and the engine part of a mechanical device was on the table.

"Phew, should I call it a day for today?"

The season had turned to autumn, but the workshop was stuffy. He threw off his shirt and revealed a scar that crossed his back diagonally. It was an old wound, but sometimes it throbbed unbearably.

Nade pulled a tarp over the table. If his family found out, they would make a fuss about him wasting money on useless things.

They were ruined now, but three generations ago, half of Sadia's grain-producing area belonged to the West family.

Nade never heard why they lost their power. But from living for 17 years, he thought there was no special reason. They just ran out of everything.

"Nade, Nade."

When he returned to the mansion, he heard a voice that stopped his heart.

The irony was that the owner of the voice was his mother, but to Nade, she was the scariest thing in the world.

"Yes, Mother."

"You said you're good at handling machines, right? Go to the Jones family and fix something for them."

"I'll just close my eyes for a bit and then go."

His mother's face twisted like a monster. It was like a lock that made Nade unable to move.

When he was young, he used to stand up to her. But she hurt herself and he became the villain of the world.

He couldn't beat his mother who hurt her own body. There is no child in the world who can beat their parents.

"I'm tired. I haven't slept for two days."

"What are you doing? You're not making money outside or helping at home. I didn't tell you not to sleep, so why can't you go?"

Nade clenched his facial muscles. He didn't want to have the same face as her.

"Don't you know how hard I'm living? Do you know how much money it costs to send you to that fancy magic school? I'd rather you disappear from this house. I don't think I can take care of you anymore."

Nade tried to remember when she took care of him. But he had no such memory. He only felt the burning pain from the horrible scar on his back.

No one in the West family tried to do even a small business with their inherited assets. They did nothing. Because they had never done anything.

"I'm sorry, Mom. Okay. I'll go."

Nade felt a burning pain from his wound. But he couldn't show it. His family couldn't touch her. No, they avoided her because they didn't want to deal with her.

And if she ever hurt herself again, all their anger would be poured on Nade.

When he was young, he didn't know why he had to suffer alone. But as he lived, he realized that there was no reason for anything.
[Translated block]


```
Nade's family left everything to others and only he knew that he shouldn't do that.

"Go quickly before the sun sets. The Jones family is looking for someone to check their boiler, don't you want to try something like a repairman?"

"I think I can graduate soon. Please let me finish school first."

"That damn school doesn't teach anything and only sucks money like a parasite, right? I'd rather die."

Nade wanted to understand his mother.

She had married into a rich family and the whole family was spending money, so she must have been very upset.

But no matter how hard he thought, he couldn't find a reason why he had to be a boiler repairman for them.

As soon as his mother returned to the mansion, a hot breath escaped from between Nade's teeth.

He felt a chill in every cell of his body. A little more... A little more and he would explode.

"Sir, a letter... Eek!"

The butler who ran up turned pale and collapsed. Nade came to his senses and shook his head. The moment he realized that his mother's face was also imprinted on his inner self, a second pain surged in.

"Oh, I couldn't sleep. What's going on?"

"Le, letter... It's from Arian Siroene."

"What? Siroene?"

Nade's face brightened at once. He snatched the letter and read the words written in Siroene's handwriting.

As soon as he saw the phrase "I miss you", his heart ached and tears welled up in his eyes.

"Just wait a little, Siroene! I'll be there soon!"

Nade clenched the letter and left the mansion. The Jones family wouldn't need to repair their boiler for 10 years.

@

The main house of Seriel's family, Portris, was in Creas City, just like Amy's.

They were not very high in the aristocratic hierarchy, but they were famous for producing many great doctors in the kingdom.

At school, she was Amy's best friend, but at home, she was a reckless lamb who hid behind her younger brother, who was an aspiring doctor.

Today, too, she had been hiding for three days to avoid her mother's nagging. Her brother's room, who was expected to become the best doctor in the future, was a nagging-free zone that no one in the family visited.

"Sob sob! What should I do? It's so touching."

Seriel, who was reading a romance novel under the blanket, finally burst into tears.

Her brother Bail, who was sitting at his desk, was at his wit's end.

"Hey, be quiet! I'm studying! Go to your room now! Or stop whining."

Seriel hugged the novel that ended with a tragedy and savored the aftertaste. If she had to rate it herself, it was one of the top stories she had read during the vacation.

"It was such a sad love story. Ah, where is a man like Joseph?"

Bail stopped writing and looked up.

"There is."

"Really? Who is it?"

"Joseph."

"Are you trying to get scolded? How dare you joke with your sister?"

"Why? If there isn't one in reality, you should live by holding onto a character, hehe."

Seriel glared at her brother's back of his head and pursed her lips. He had been living off her for a few days and now he was trying to climb up to the top of her head.

Then the door opened and a letter fell with a thud along with her mother's nagging.

"A letter came! I won't tell you to study, so don't bother your brother and come out. If you're going to play, wash yourself or something. How are you going to get married like that? Tsk tsk."

Seriel stuck out her lips and crawled under the bed.

She thought it was from Amy when she heard it was a letter, but it was from an unexpected person.

"Huh? It's Siroene! Siroene!"

Seriel quickly opened the envelope and read it. Her eyes instantly became lovely. She smelled the scent on the paper and hugged the letter to her chest and muttered.

"Ah, where is a man like Siroene?"

Bail, who was reading his book diligently, narrowed his eyes.

'Siroene is a real person, you idiot. Just go out and date him.'
```
[Translated block]


```text
This word stuck in his throat, but he knew that woman wouldn't hear anything he said. She was clearly out of her mind after reading novels for days.

@

Creas City Training Ground.

Mark paid an expensive entrance fee and entered the training ground. He had succeeded in advancing early with Maria, and from next semester, he would be assigned to Class Six. He was already excited.

'Finally, I'll have some juniors in the advanced class.'

If he hadn't met Sirona, this day wouldn't have come. He had worked hard with Sirona as his role model after losing at the impassable bridge, and achieved his desired goal.

"Hey, Maria."

"Did you come? You came earlier than yesterday, huh?"

Maria, who was waiting at the training ground first, teased him with a joke. She was so depressed that she activated the mechanism of the impassable bridge and endangered the students, but she became much brighter after becoming Sade's disciple.

"Sorry. My father gave me a look. He said there are many good teachers in the Magic Association, so why do I have to go out and train."

"Well. The Slider family is in the Magic Association, after all. Are you sure you're okay with doing this together?"

"No problem. I'm a man who does what I say."

Mark winked and raised his thumb. In fact, he had barely escaped by starving until morning. At some point, the nineteen-year-old sister began to look like a woman in the eyes of the fifteen-year-old boy.

'I must be crazy. How could I think of tormenting such a cute sister.'

"Hey! Did you wait long? Sorry for being late."

As Sade ran from the entrance of the training ground, Mark's expression turned sour. He was none other than his biggest rival. It was a funny thing that a teacher and a disciple had a tug-of-war over a woman, but it was okay for a twenty-six-year-old man and a nineteen-year-old woman, and the problem was that Sade didn't seem to dislike it either.

Maria greeted Sade with a smile that was more affectionate than anyone else, as if she didn't know Mark's feelings.

"No, not at all. We just got here too."

"Yeah. I was delayed by the principal teacher."

"Oh, where did the principal teacher go?"

"Yeah. There was something like that. Anyway, sorry for making you wait long."

Mark felt uncomfortable being left out of the conversation. He had experienced Sade's personality of liking women more than enough, but he was especially kind to Maria, which was annoying.

Then Maria clapped her hands and took out a letter from her bag.

"Oh, right! Did you see this? I got a letter from Sirona senior."

"Huh? From Sirona senior? I didn't get one?"

"Maybe you did. I also picked it up on my way out. I haven't read it yet."

Maria shook the envelope as if to show off, then took out the letter and read it. Her expression melted at the content that was full of affection.

"Ah, she's really amazing. She's strong and kind. How nice would it be to date Sirona senior like Amy senior?"

A strange tension ran across Sade's face.

To be honest, he was 70% sure that Maria had fallen for him. But now that he heard it, he thought it might be just a simple admiration.

Sade tried to make up for his anxiety.

"Haha! That's right. Sirona is cool. But don't people usually prefer older ones? Or at least they should be the same age. Young boys are no fun, right?"

Mark retorted sharply.

"Where did you hear that? They say there's no border in love, what does age matter?"

"Age is more important than borders. Then why don't we ask Maria? Which one would you choose between older and younger?"
```
[Translated block]


Maria pondered with her chin on her hand, then playfully bit her tongue and avoided answering.

"Hehe, who knows?"

Mark and Sad were disappointed. They wondered if she was the true master of push and pull.

Anyway, they couldn't afford to chat after paying an expensive admission fee. Mark and Maria warmed up their minds with some arithmetic before starting the formal lesson. Meanwhile, Sad looked at the sky and thought of Sirone.

'The vacation is almost over. What kind of trouble will he cause when he comes back?'

Sirone's track record since he entered the magic school was definitely unparalleled in the history of the school.

But that made him anxious.

It depended on what kind of answer the teacher would bring back, but if he agreed, his school life would change completely from what it had been so far.

'It won't be easy this time, Sirone.'
[Translated block]