


[569] Reaction and Response (1)

Alpheus Magic School. The 3rd Logistics Warehouse.

The six members of the Shirone team, who had been up since dawn, gathered at the entrance of the site where Istas was visible.

There were no absentees as the graduation class evaluation was underway, but in addition to the issue of pride, personal rewards and compensation were at stake.

"Everyone must be anxious, but let's focus on the match for now."

Everyone was ready.

"The match period is 7 days. We can guess the capacity roughly if we stick together for a day. Let's think about the rest later."

As Nade's pre-war ended, Amy asked.

"What's the strategy?"

Iruki said.

"It's impossible to control six allies in response to the reactions of six people. It's a search war for now. But, we can't lose the master card."

Shirone added.

"Since it was decided that the outside of the field would also be a surrender, make sure to check the area of the battlefield."

Sabina asked.

"But it's better to decide the first scramble, right? I'm talking about black, white, random."

Shirone said.

"The coalition team will all choose random. Even if you take the lead in the first stage, it's a draw if the opponent takes the lead. On the contrary, if you choose evil, you will be in a disadvantageous position for 2 hours."

Dorothy added.

"From the second stage, you have to think about the team's combination. Even if you open two random cards, the probability of getting a heresy is one in four. In other words, at least one of the six of us can catch a heresy."

Shirone summarized.

"The most important thing in the early stages is not to miss the scramble. Depending on the coordinates, it can be disadvantageous."

"I can know the location of the opponent."

When Dorothy spread the spirit zone, Iruki asked.

"You're a joiner, right? How much can you expand?"

"If I drop the density completely, the maximum is a diameter of 1 kilometer. But it's just enough to distinguish between humans and non-living objects."

Even if she was a joiner, she was a manipulator, and the precision of the zone was prioritized over the size.

"For reference, the spirit zone when I manipulate Hickory is about 50 meters in diameter. I thought it would be better to let you know in advance."

It meant that if the precision was not reduced to 50 meters in diameter, it could not manipulate Hickory.

Dorothy, who switched to sniper mode, began to find the location of the enemies by rotating the linear spirit zone.

Unlike Amy, who rotates tens of times per second, it took a whopping 20 minutes just to look around 360 degrees.

But it was impossible to change the spirit zone with a diameter of 1 kilometer to a linear shape unless it was a joiner.

'The coalition team has Hersey of Sona. We can't help but be faster in exploration.'

While Iruki was lost in thought, Dorothy said.

"There are six people gathered 7 kilometers to the east."

"Then let's go in the opposite direction. We must collect the first scramble. The more experimental subjects, the better."

"How do we know each other's location?"

"Scramble is summoned every 2 hours and you can roughly know the location by checking the status of the collected cards."

Sabina licked her lips.

'It would have been nice if Dante had participated too.'

It would have been perfect if there was a communication magician, but it was a luxury to hope for everything unless it was a cage level.

"Okay. Let's go."

When the six simultaneously cast spatial movement, the gathered light scattered in all directions.

Scramble Royal standby time 10 minutes.

* * *

'About 3 minutes left.'

Shirone, who arrived at the start coordinates, was soothing his anxious mind with a sequence formula.

Since he might have to use the Starburst Bomb from the beginning, it was better to proceed with some sequence formulas.

'The first goal is to collect the nearest scramble. But depending on the situation, you may have to run a long distance.'

Then Lulu's voice was plugged into his brain as an electrical signal.

"The Scramble Royal has begun."

Shirone's eyes sparkled.

As soon as he summoned the master card, he flipped the screen with his thumb and the screen with the coordinates appeared.
[Translated block]


There were exactly 12 coordinates recorded in XYZ format.

After visualizing a virtual map, he quickly entered the 12 coordinates and obtained an image from there. Shirone checked the coordinates of the nearest place.

'X-271, Y-373, Z-8. It's near the 9th training ground.'

Once the destination was set, his body moved on its own, and the information he had initially put in his head began to be gradually analyzed.

'The shape of a circle that is slightly distorted to the right. But the distribution is close to the average.'

It cannot be guaranteed that the location where the scramble will be summoned in the next order will be fair.

However, if there is a specific rule, Eruki should be able to find the equation after about 3 days.

Shirone, who checked the master card, was surprised to see that almost two coordinates disappeared at the same time.

'Did you already collect it?'

Shirone, who arrived at the safest point to land by spatial movement, ran to the coordinates and looked at the master card again.

'5.'

Already 5 of the 12 coordinates had disappeared.

'It hasn't been 5 minutes yet. Is this the humanity of probability?'

When he turned the screen, Eruki, Amy, Hershey, and Ancharl's status had a ⓡ (random card) mark.

'As expected, they all chose random.'

When he confirmed that another coordinate disappeared in the meantime, his impatience reached its peak.

"Damn it!"

When Shirone, who kicked the ground and jumped, cast a teleport, a strong flash swirled and left the dense forest.

* * *

"We will finish the morning evaluation of interpersonal combat with this. Everyone, have a delicious lunch and see you in the afternoon."

Binder raised his hand.

"What happens to those who did not participate in today's interpersonal combat?"

He was a genius with a theoretical score of 100 points, but due to the strong skills of this year's graduation class competitors, he had fallen to 26th place.

Especially today's interpersonal combat opponent was powerful Ancharl, so he was almost giving up.

The head teacher, Colly, came into the interpersonal combat training ground and said.

"If you do not participate by the afternoon, it is a default loss."

Some students' eyes were colored.

'Please don't come.'

The number of students who did not participate in the morning evaluation was as many as 11. If this continues, most students will get 3 points by default.

"Fermi, don't you know anything?"

Colly asked, but Fermi just shrugged his shoulders.

"Why are you asking me that?"

The fact that two members of the Golden Wheel were absent was also known to Colly, but it was not right to be ignorant.

'Anyway, the participation in the graduation class evaluation is up to the students. In this case, it will be recorded as non-participation in the report, but...'

"Maybe they ate something wrong yesterday? It seems that they all had a stomachache, hehe."

Richard of Alchemy laughed, shrugging his shoulders.

"Go and have lunch."

Colly, who said so, turned around and headed for the principal's office.

'It's a scramble royal.'

* * *

"I found it."

Shirone found a scramble hanging on a tree on the outskirts of the training ground, glowing the size of a fist.

'The remaining coordinates are...'

After the coordinates disappeared quickly at first, the collection was stagnant, and there were still four coordinates left.

'If I collect it, there are 3. Initially, choose random. But what to check before that...'

When he grabbed the sphere of light, it turned into a pure card.

-After collecting the scramble, it cannot be transferred to other participants.

Shirone shouted in his heart.

'Random!'

There was no particular reaction, and as usual, it turned into a random card after 1 second.

"I knew it wouldn't work."

It seemed that he could not arbitrarily select a random card in a pure card state.

In fact, it was just automatically converted just by having it, but it was an important issue for Shirone.

If he could arbitrarily select a random card, he could use the Scramble Bombing to return it to its pure state.

'This has been confirmed, and the next is to return the open card to a random state.'

In order to activate the Scramble Bombing, he quickly pulled up the sequence formula, and then he heard a voice in his head.
[Translated block]


"All scrambles have been collected and destroyed. There are 1 hour, 38 minutes, and 12 seconds left until the next summon."

Shirone postponed the experiment and checked the master card.

"Phew, that's a relief."

All team members had one each, and as promised in advance, they all chose random.

Shirone then checked the collection status of the coalition team.

'As expected, this side is also random... Huh?'

All five names had an ⓡ mark next to them, but only Eden's name was recorded as ○ (white card).

'He chose white. It's the strongest in the first stage. But it will be reversed in an hour and a half, right?'

One thought suddenly occurred to him.

'Could it be...?'

Before the thought was over, someone appeared rustling through the bushes.

"We finally meet."

A light of killing intent lit up in Shirone's eyes.

"Kaiden."

Kaiden of the Cross was holding out his family's weapon, the Cross Sword.

It was clear that he had quickly acquired the scramble and was looking for Shirone alone.

"I see you chose random. My card is also random."

Even if it was the same random, the precarious side was still Shirone who had not yet opened.

'Kaiden must have opened as soon as he collected. There's no reason to keep a random card.'

However, Shirone still had the procedure to experiment with the time bomb, so there was a slight delay.

'Should I open it now? But then I have to wait over an hour for the next experiment. What happens to the open card if I get hit in this state?'

Will it open automatically, or will it be a blank?

Perhaps that could also be another experiment, but Kaiden said something unexpected.

"Do you think I'm going to call Kang?"

"......"

"It's just the first card. It doesn't mean much. That's why I came looking for you. Because I can beat you up regardless of the card."

Kaiden pointed his sword at Shirone.

"Let's get hit first."

The reason he willingly fell for Kaiden's provocation was because Shirone was also angry.

"I told you."

Kaiden, who carefully examined the photon cannon floating around Shirone, had a slight distortion in his nose.

It was clear at a glance that the compression of photons was incomparable to before.

"I won't forgive you if you interfere with me."

The photon cannon turned into a flash and flew out, and Kaiden stretched out an afterimage and moved to the right.

'He's incredibly fast. Is it a schema?'

Like a rail laid on the ground, he circled the training ground and came in with Kaiden's movements that were hard to catch with the eye.

"Woah!"

The cross sword came in like a rampage, but each trajectory was definitely fatal.

'Light explosion!'

Kaiden, who was hit by the light curtain, gritted his teeth and lifted his head.

Suddenly, there were 16 red dots on his face.

"Homing Photon Cannon."

"Kuh!"

Kaiden ran like a swallow at the flash flying in a curve, but he couldn't escape the pursuit of the light.

"Shirone...!"

Kaiden, who stopped by pushing the ground, gritted his teeth and a red aura rose up and condensed into the shape of a cross.

The best talent to achieve the goal by sacrificing fate.

"Shirone!"

When Kaiden swung his sword with a shout, the homing photon cannon bounced off with a thud.

Every time he bounced one off, his two legs were pushed back 1 meter, and after bouncing all 16, his position was 20 meters farther than the original.

"Kuuuuu!"

Kaiden, who endured the shock with a distorted face, glared at Shirone fiercely.

'It's a monstrous power. This is the Photon Cannon.'

The blade of the cross sword reflected the light, but the feeling of the finger bones collapsing from the impact of the mass being hammered was unbearable.

'How dare you... My muse!'

Kaiden, who remembered Maya's face, gritted his teeth and gripped his sword again.
[Translated block]
The Korean phrase "너를 죽인다!" translates to "I will kill you!" in English. Please let me know if there's anything else you need help with.
[Translated block]