


[405] Final Decision (5)

"Get out of the way. You're still a machine freak."

Sein pushed Gauld's chest and checked the dashboard himself.

It was a very unfamiliar sight for Shirone to see the former president of the Magic Association being pushed by someone.

But Shirone's eyes soon became faint.

'Ah, I see.'

Nade and Iruki.

If Shirone were in the same situation as Miro, what would the two look like after decades?

Gauld, Miro, and Sein, the first members of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society, who were caught in the center of the most terrible event in the world.

Even after 20 years, their paths have completely diverged, but their time is still frozen.

Gauld raised his middle finger at Sein's back of his head.

Even if he was a great magician recognized by the world, he seemed to be childish when he met his classmates.

He couldn't let go of his lingering feelings and peeked at the dashboard over Sein's shoulder.

But for him, machines were just unknown objects that worked by attaching iron pieces and chanting spells.

Then he suddenly laughed wickedly as if he had an interesting thought.

"Hehe, do you know that? It's a death sentence to cast mental magic on a national intelligence agent. If you want to live long, you'd better hope I get reinstated."

Sein said as he quickly manipulated the dashboard.

"What do I know about the law of Red Line, you stupid bastard. You won't remember what happened here once you're under mind control. You look pretty anxious, should I bury you alive instead?"

Ethella frowned.

As a bishop of the Carciss Monastery, it was natural that she could not tolerate the black line magicians who made the world chaotic.

But she didn't take any action. Because she trusted Alpheus.

Even if it was because of his beloved disciple's earnest request, he was not someone who would ask for a mission that would break the faith of the Carciss Monastery.

'There must be some meaning to this.'

The first thought that came to her mind when she heard about heaven was that she shouldn't judge anything.

It wasn't a matter that could be evaluated by personal beliefs.

She felt a sense of duty to witness the end of a huge flow that started 20 years ago, or even much earlier.

Sein entered Istas' master mode.

When green letters blinked on the panel, he quickly entered information by combining several symbols.

Shiina, who had been waiting patiently, couldn't suppress her curiosity and asked.

"By the way, does Istas' upper part really exist? I know that even the intelligence agents of the National Intelligence Service couldn't find anything and came back."

"The upper part exists. It's just that there's no way to get in. It was designed that way from the beginning. I made it so that even I couldn't access it even though I analyzed all of Istas' patterns."

Shirone looked around at the warehouses laid out in all directions.

She wondered if there could be a room that couldn't be accessed in a state where all the warehouses had already been individually dismantled.

"How is that possible? We can actually enter all the warehouses right now. That's why you made Istas' master key."

Sein observed Shirone carefully for the first time since he came here.

He knew that she was involved in the project when Gauld introduced her with special care, but no matter how he looked at her, she was nothing more than a soggy kid.

"How do you know about the master key?"

"I'm a member of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society. I have a friend who has a servant, and he told me. He said that no one could make Istas' master equation more beautiful than this."

Sein didn't laugh. But his explanation became more detailed.

"He probably did. Because it's an equation that equates a complex 4-dimensional scheme to 3 dimensions."

Eliminating one dimension mathematically is comparable to making an ant understand human language. That's why anyone with a master equation can find the research society.
[Translated block]


```text
It has a three-dimensional shape, but it is actually a map that finds four-dimensional coordinates.

"So the upper layer is not confined to space."

Sein nodded.

Sirone's insight was decent, but if he couldn't do this much, he was not qualified to participate in Gaold's project in the first place.

"Yeah. In three dimensions, Istas is just a warehouse made of 89 buildings. But the upper layer is in a higher dimension. That's why the agents couldn't find it."

"So it has to match a specific space and a specific time?"

"That's right. If you take the 333 cube as an example, when you move the cube at coordinate 1. 1. 1 to coordinate 3. 1. 3, what changes are space and time. It takes at least 0.1 seconds no matter how fast you turn it. This is called space-time. I came up with this idea and found a way that no one could access the maze. It's hiding the space-time of the maze at the origin of the cube."

Before they knew it, everyone was listening to Sein's words.

Even Alpheus, who was once Sein's teacher, was in a learning position after 20 years.

"No matter how you turn the cube, or how you change the pattern of Istas, the origin of the cube in space-time never moves, and therefore the upper layer can be perfectly hidden. This is what I made to calculate this. It's the master equation of Istas that you're using right now."

Saliva went down Sirone's throat.

He didn't expect that there was such a serious reason behind the master equation, which he thought was just a prank of the Research Society of Darkness.

Shiina said.

"But aren't we here today to go to the upper layer? If no one can get in, what are we waiting for here?"

"Another master key."

As if that word was a keyword, there was a sound of electricity bursting in the vacant lot. It was a familiar noise of flicker magic for Sirone now.

What appeared through the patent of the scale mage was a pair of men and women.

The woman had a cute impression with short hair with perm on her small and neat height, and the man had blond hair down to his waist on his large height.

The important thing was that both of them were spheres with Sirone. Maybe.

If there can't be two identical people in the world, then the blond man with bandages on his eyes can't be anyone else.

The eternal contemplator, Armin of Light Eye, was walking.

"Oh, brother?"

Shiina couldn't believe what she saw.

Why was Armin, who should be traveling around the world and capturing landscapes on canvas, here in the center of humanity's worst situation?

"Is it really Armin brother?"

Shiina approached him, but Armin coldly ignored her and moved on.

His wife Keira also did not give him a glance and headed for Istas.

Shiina stopped in her place as if she was shocked. She couldn't think of anything because her head was tangled.

"It arrived at exactly the right time. Well, it was rude to say to the world's best time mage?"

The world's best time mage.

Since he was a mage who conquered light speed, Sirone didn't think that title was awkward at all. But for Shiina who didn't know anything, it only deepened her confusion.

"A time mage? What does that mean, brother?"

Armin remained silent until the end.

Sein introduced Armin, judging that confusion was not good before an event. It was ironic for Shiina, who thought she knew Armin best.

"To go to Istas' upper layer, you need the help of a powerful time mage. There is no one more suitable than Armin of Light Eye."

Shiina shook her head.

The more she heard the explanation, the more confusion she had.

"Keira, what's going on here! Are you kidding me right now?"

Keira always smiled brightly and sometimes threw mean words, but this time she didn't smile.

She looked down coldly with an icy eye and said in a high-pressure voice.
```
[Translated block]


"Watch your words, Mr. Oliver Siina. We are magicians of the White Line, the Human Safety Enforcement Department of the Ivory Tower, Armin and Keira."

"White Line......"

Even Shirone, who knew Armin's identity, couldn't help but be surprised this time.

If there is an association in the Red Line and a faction in the Black Line, then the White Line is a perfect independent organization that is only attributed to the Ivory Tower.

Magic that is not abused in the world.

Purity that is not swayed by the ruler's beliefs.

The magicians of the Ivory Tower, whose motto is these two things, pursue only the extremes of magic purely.

Their power, which is known to be comparable to a great magician of a country even for ordinary employees, is not a level that a single kingdom can overlook.

They are the absolute rulers of the magician society who even royalty tremble when they show their credentials as members of the Ivory Tower.

But Armin came here as a member of the Ivory Tower.

And as a magician of the Human Safety Enforcement Department.

The magicians of the Ivory Tower do not discriminate against departments, but from the perspective of the Red Line, it is a fact that they pay the most attention to the Human Safety Enforcement Department, which is somewhat related to society.

In fact, it was a famous anecdote that when Igor, the dictator of Kon Kingdom, reached out to necromancy 32 years ago, a magician of the Human Safety Enforcement Department came in alone and made him kneel and even scrape the floor.

Keira approached Gaold and pushed her face close.

Armin came here reluctantly because he was stubborn, but if he had already made a fuss, wouldn't he have to take advantage of it?

Armin was a person who was far from practicality.

"I brought Armin, so you keep your promise. First, the Ivory Tower has the right to record and propagate information obtained from Miro's space-time. Second, Oliver Siina's heaven trip is prohibited. You know that Armin came here because of the second clause, right?"

"Of course. But let's make one thing clear. It's when Siina agrees. I really hate persuading someone. Especially if it's a woman."

"Well, it's okay. Armin knows that too. But later you have to tell Armin that I clearly engraved the second item on you."

"Hehehe, you're really living hard."

Keira frowned as if to say what good it would do to say that.

Stubborn Armin.

In fact, even now, the Ivory Tower has not made any judgments about heaven. They still think it's a problem that can be solved enough in human society.

But Armin fell for Gaold's trick.

To open the upper part of Istas, you need a supreme time magician, and Gaold, who wanted to reclaim Miro, couldn't have missed his existence.

The result of investigating Armin's whereabouts was identical to the reason why the Ivory Tower could hold Armin.

Oliver Siina.

A woman who was precious enough to exchange her life with Armin.

Keira hated Siina more because of that.

'Ugh, do you like that woman so much? A woman without charm who can't find any cuteness.'

When Sain released his mind control, 10 agents fell to the ground like dolls with broken threads. It was to prevent any variables from operating his thoughts in front of this event.

"Finish it before the agents come to their senses. I'll go in right away."

Sain pressed a button on the instrument panel as he spoke.

89 warehouses began to fit together in a specific shape.

At this moment, Shirone also put aside his thoughts on Armin and looked at Istas.

A time magician from White Line Ivory Tower, a first-class great magician from Red Line, and the best mental magician from Black Line.

At a place where three great magicians who reached the peak in different fields gathered, Istas' upper part was about to open for the first time in 20 years.
[Translated block]