


[637] The Last Gate (3)

The thing that could illuminate the darkness was electricity, but even that was nothing but darkness in front of Shiro's light.

Nade couldn't bear the holiness that embraces the world as a whole.

The presence of Shiro, which is overlapped countless times, was a kind of fear that Nade, who is in a magical state, felt for the first time.

That fear intertwined with anger, and the magical power index achieved a new record again.

"Ugh!"

The two-thousand system was overloaded, and the lights in the Colosseum flickered.

The anxiety was amplified due to the sudden darkness, and people with sensitive nerves trembled in fear, sensing a major accident.

"What a ridiculous graduation test."

If it was only Nade or Shiro, there would have been no need for the two-thousand system, made with the highest technology of the kingdom, to go down.

But now, both of them were recording numbers beyond common sense, and no one could guess whether the system could calculate when they collided.

'You don't know, Shiro.'

Shiro, who had no roots from the beginning, doesn't know what it means to have rotten roots.

The contradictory pain that cannot be cut off and cannot be cut off.

"I don't know!"

The lightning spreading in all directions flew like a curve and hit Shiro intensively.

"Kuuh!"

Tens of Shiro per second began to fall due to electric shock.

However, the incident of public fear was bubbling like foam and was holding the limit of fractals forever.

'Live! It's about living, Nade!'

The two-thousand bracelet was about to be destroyed, but he did not hesitate.

Quantum fluctuation-photon cannon.

The mass wave alone turned the shock of the public into anti-magic and hit Nade's brain.

'My anger won't go out like this!'

If it was an anger that could be extinguished in the first place, wouldn't his life, who had been holding on to it alone, be too miserable?

Magic Metamorphosis-Brain God Reincarnation.

"Kuaaaa!"

Without the need to control the soaring magic power, Nade just vomited all his strength, and the shape of the brain god twisted into tens of thousands of strands and stretched out to Shiro.

-Warning! Warning! System overload. The two-thousand system is down. Remaining time 10 seconds. 9 seconds...

"This is ridiculous!"

Half of the audience, who were crossing different energies, stood up, and even the analysts cut off the main system and prepared for a possible situation.

'Look closely! My anger! The monster I've become!'

It seemed like Nade's inner cry was heard.

'Nade, I know how hard it was.'

Anger grows by eating human hope, and once you get caught, you don't know what's really important.

'But... it's almost there.'

At least Nade didn't give up.

He was biting the rope, relying on the vague light that he might be able to fly freely someday, and waiting for his parents who would never return.

'We have us now! So...!'

Quantum fluctuation restored the incident that disappeared into the brain god reincarnation and increased the flash to the same size as the beginning.

"Live! Nade!"

The moment the flash came down as if there was nothing to block, Nade opened his mouth with amazing eyes.

"Ah..."

The sacred light began to push out the anger of magic metamorphosis.

'Ah, Shiro.'

Tears of blood turned into a transparent liquid.

'You're beautiful.'

So... brilliant.

'So I... became friends with you...'

The huge light flashed and expanded, erasing Nade's figure altogether.

After a long silence, as if the world was born for the first time, all the people in the Colosseum slowly opened their eyes.

The long light run made it feel like the process so far was a dream, and maybe it was true, the two-thousand system went down.

Of course, the guide voice did not sound, and people finally came to their senses and looked around the battlefield.
[Translated block]
"Excuse me, over there!"

In the center of the Colosseum, Nade collapsed in large letters, and Shirone, who was panting from afar, watching it.

The moment people realized that the graduation exam was over, something hot echoed in their hearts.

"Wow!"

Everyone screamed and jumped up, and a standing ovation circulated around the Colosseum.

"Shirone! Shirone! Shirone!"

In the cheers spreading throughout Creas City, Nade's name was not heard even once.

'So this is it...'

Even if you shed tears of blood and suffer, even if you live a hard life and howl like a monster, no one in the world is interested.

-Fight to the end! You mean to struggle to the end!

Did Shirone know?

Is that why he shouted so desperately knowing the frustrating situation that he couldn't help?

"Nade."

Shirone, who was kneeling, suddenly raised his head.

I don't know exactly when the 2000 system went down, and the shock of anti-magic must have been tremendous.

"Nade!"

Shirone, who had lost all his strength, could not stand up, and went to Nade, flailing his limbs as if he were dying.

"I'm sorry... I'm sorry, Nade."

As soon as the thought of aiming only for the graduation exam was released, emotions rushed in.

While sobbing and crying, Nade's chest moved.

"Hehe, hehehe."

When Shirone made a dumbfounded expression, Nade raised his upper body with a self-mocking face.

"What, I lost like this?"

He vomited everything from the magic fusion, which had turned away from friends, family, and even his own life.

Because I thought I could destroy anything in the world if I wanted to, the situation of being blocked by the wall called Shirone was absurd and embarrassing.

"Nade, are you okay?"

Nade looked at Shirone's crying face and turned his gaze away.

'What qualifications do I have...'

It wasn't that he had revealed his bare face without even preparing to hand out a business card called a friend.

Finally, the guidance voice was heard as the 2000 system was restarted.

-West Nade. Graduation final ranking second place confirmed.

The voices of the audience disappeared all at once.

-Alpheus Magic School graduation exam first place winner, Arian Shirone. The data of 30 participants will be sent to the red line.

"Honey, our son..."

Vincent and Ollina, who had exhausted even the energy to be surprised, opened their mouths blankly.

It was the most intense graduation exam in the history of the kingdom, so it took a long time for the audience to feel emotional.

"Lian, did you hear? Did you just hear?"

When Reyna, who was patting her younger brother's shoulder, turned her head feeling an unusual energy, Lian was trembling with her fist clenched.

He was a young boy.

He was stubborn enough to firmly tell the swordsmanship teacher, Kite, who was hiding in the library, excellent enough to succeed in sword killing with a wooden sword he had never held before, and stubborn enough to defeat himself in a real sword fight.

-You are responsible for what you have to take responsibility for.

Is there anything else that accurately represents his personality than this?

-But you don't have to take responsibility for things you don't have to.

There is no regret for what the heart has chosen.

-Even if I die, I don't regret being friends with you.

That's because the boy is Shirone.

"Shirone!"

Lian shouted with all his might.

"Let's go! To the world!"

With Lian's voice echoing throughout the Colosseum as a signal, all the audience stood up and applauded.

"You're the best! You're the pride of the Kingdom of Tormia!"

"You're definitely going to be a great wizard!"

It was so noisy that I couldn't even hear the words next to me, and Miro and Poltar, who hugged each other at first sight, also jumped up forgetting their embarrassment.

"Kyak! It's the first place! Shirone is the first place!"

"I told you! I knew you could do it! My intuition was right! Oh, wait!"
[Translated block]


Polter, who was happy as if it was his own work, rummaged through his bag and hastily recorded his impressions in a notebook.

On the other hand, Miro's face looked a little sad as he looked at Shiro, who was still not used to the praise and greeted shyly.

'I'm ready.'

Even if it's two thousand times, it's not that you can fight more leisurely than in real life, but there was definitely a gap between virtual and reality.

If all the magic that appeared in the graduation exam collided in reality, a different result would have come out today.

However, it was also true that there was no more verified method than this because everyone had fought from the same opportunity, and the reason for Miro's sadness was right here.

'Shiro, you are the best student in the kingdom from today. But because of that, you will have to bear a greater responsibility.'

The world that Shiro had to fight was a real hell that was cruel enough to be incomparable to the graduation exam.

'Congratulations. And I'm sorry.'

As one of the people who raised Shiro, the things he will have to go through in the future have already been drawn.

'It will be hell. You won't want to endure it. You will shed blood and tears, Shiro.'

Even if you don't mention the duty of the strong, humanity will eventually stand on the brink of destruction, and Shiro will also have to lead everyone as a member of the whole.

'So do your best to enjoy today. Because it's your day.'

It was then that Miro finally turned around with a smile in his eyes, and a bald middle-aged man approached.

"You were here, Miro. I couldn't recognize you because you were wearing a hood."

It was Enrique, Fermi's father.

"Ho, you came because you're a son?"

"This time the atmosphere was a little different. But it fell."

"It's a pity. Did you meet Fermi?"

"He didn't say anything and left. He might try again next year, or he might quit school."

Fermi was also a force that Miro could not abandon.

"Don't worry. He never makes a losing decision. That's even more annoying."

If he was Olga's son, there would be no problem trusting him.

"Hmm, Miro. Where have I heard...! Well, Miro!"

Polter opened his eyes wide and shouted.

There was no way to know about the 20 judges, but he could not forget her name, who was famous as the world's best talent.

Polter, who felt cognitive dissonance from the sight of Miro puffing up his cheeks and pointing his index finger, was trembling, and she put her arm around his shoulder.

"Let's go for a drink because I'm in the best mood. Of course, you're buying."

"......Are you really Miro? You don't seem to have aged at all, what have you been doing all this time?"

"Ho ho ho! You'll be surprised if you hear it? Enrique, what are you doing? Let's go."

Enrique, who was shaking his head and following, asked.

"But aren't you going to meet Shiro?"

"Yeah, it's okay."

Miro looked back as he walked towards the exit of the Colosseum.

"We'll meet at a higher place."

In the midst of unending applause, Shiro reached out to Nade.

"Nade, can you stand up?"

Nade turned his head with a click.

"I'm done. Don't think of me as a friend. You don't have the right to do that."

"That's......"

When Shiro frowned and tried to say something.

"You! You have to speak properly!"

Iruki ran up and grabbed Nade's head.

"Ah! Why are you hitting me!"

Iruki's finger suddenly appeared in front of Nade, who turned his head.

"Why are you attacking me twice! You're doing it on purpose, right?"

"I don't know! Maybe your face called for a punch! I'm not in a good mood, so don't interfere."

Iruki narrowed his eyes.

"What's wrong with you? You say you don't care, but you even took the passenger seat."

Nade, who thought he should stop talking, looked back at Shiro.

"Anyway, don't forgive me. I'm going to drop out of the Three Musketeers from today."
[Translated block]
This time, Shirone grabbed his head.

"Ah! Why are you doing this, really!"

"It's frustrating! It's not a friend who doesn't fight! It's a friend who can reconcile even after a fight! Don't you have that much trust in you?"

Nade, who had been gritting his teeth and staring, bowed his head with a sad expression.

"I just can't forgive myself. I don't know why I did that."

"Living life seriously is important, but..."

Iruki touched Nade's shoulder.

"You don't need to live seriously, do you? It's all over. You just need to shake it off and move on."

Do I really have the right to do that?

At that moment of self-questioning, Shirone reached out his hand again and smiled.

"Let's go eat, Nade."
[Translated block]