


[255] Another Sky (5)

If you have Ataraxia, the reputation of Alpheus Magic School will rise in an instant. Moreover, with Olivia's power, it was possible to destroy the glory of the Royal Magic School.

Alpheus, who had thought so far, said softly.

"Sad."

Sad approached and bowed his head.

"Yes, master."

"Collect the two thousand black boxes right now. Don't give them to anyone. And destroy them in front of Sirone. Be sure to show Sirone that they are destroyed."

"I understand."

Sad answered without a sound and nodded his head.

His bracelet was also destroyed.

It was something that had never happened before while managing two thousand, so he sensed that the situation could be more serious than expected.

Of course, the bigger the incident, the more the school's name would be known, but there was no need to think personally if it was Alpheus's order.

Olivia's fierce eyes turned into curiosity.

Are you okay? The black box contains all the information about this confrontation. Dante's Pascal, as well as Sirone's magic circle. If you just copy it, it will be a great help. Even if the kingdom secures it, you will get a huge amount of money and take it away."

Olivia subtly pushed him, but Alpheus didn't even hesitate.

"It's Sirone's. No one should access information without Sirone's permission."

"Sirone might allow it. Think about it. You can make a decision for the prosperity of your alma mater, and above all, it is a contribution to the magic society. Sirone also benefits from the achievements of countless genius magicians."

Olivia's words were also right at first glance. If it weren't for the noble sacrifices and challenges, efforts and talents that have been handed down from generation to generation, human magic would not have developed this far.

That's why Alpheus also submitted his paper on quantum theory that brought about innovation in photon magic to the state as if he had donated it.

But Alpheus's thoughts remained unchanged.

"Sirone can choose anytime as long as he is alive. But not now. It's something you can decide for yourself when you really feel the need. If you present choices like this, there is no difference from coercion."

Olivia clicked her tongue. He was first-class in being stubborn as ever.

'Well... That's why I liked him.'

There were no students leaving their seats even though the duel was over.

The highlight of this duel. It was to watch Dante kneel before Sirone.

But Dante, who actually lost, couldn't open his eyes easily even with the teachers' recovery magic.

Sabina sobbed with her head down.

"Dante lost. No, this can't be. He has broken countless strong men until now, but he can't break his undefeated record at this country school."

"Sabina, calm down. Let's just hope Dante is safe now."

Closer grabbed Sabina's shoulder and calmed her down. But Sabina, who had already been emotionally overwhelmed, could not accept reality.

Don't you have days like that in your life? When variables that cannot happen logically keep happening and everything gets tangled up.

Today was such a day for Dante.

"Dante is invincible! His sync rate was 50 percent. He even fought with 100 percent at the Royal Magic School! There is no way he can lose to such a bumpkin!"

"Hmmph, that's just a simulation anyway."

Sabina turned her head sharply at Canis' words.

"What?"

"Dante never fought a giant. Or an archangel."

"What are you talking about? I can't tolerate mocking Dante!"

"Do you have any experience of fighting for your life with an enemy you can never beat? It doesn't matter whether it's two thousand or sync rate 100 percent. Real combat is not like that."

Sabina gritted her teeth.

Amy continued the conversation.
[Translated block]


```
"Dante doesn't know the real thing. Of course, he has enough skills to work in the real world. But Shirone always risked his life to get here."

Canis nodded.

"Two thousand times. It's similar to the real thing. But it's not real, is it? I don't find that very interesting. Do you know what it means to risk your life? When you stand on the line between life and death, your thoughts stop and you only want to live. Fighting while keeping your reason in that situation, that's the real thing."

Sabina grinned like a child. She could understand what Canis was talking about because she had been lynched by Nade.

But they don't know what kind of determination Dante fought with.

Even if they belittled it as a simulation, or ridiculed it as only fighting with opponents who could win, there was an unchanging fact.

The two thousandth confrontation was everything in Dante's life.

Tears welled up in Sabina's eyes.

"No. No way. Dante... Dante really fought for his life."

There was silence for a while. Shirone's friends didn't want to mock Dante and his party anymore.

No, to be honest, they couldn't be satisfied with this for all the trouble they had caused for a semester.

But Dante was strong. As much as it was fun to have a colleague who competed on the same line. Although he lost to Shirone, he ultimately saved his friends' face and made up for it.

After an awkward time, Dante finally came to his senses.

The students who were excitedly talking all stopped and turned their heads to the two thousandth.

Sabina and Closer felt sorry for him. They wished he would faint until the end of the day, but the problem was that the student with the strongest defense also had a fast recovery.

As Shirone approached, the students even stopped breathing. Dante looked up at Shirone with difficulty, then gave up and lowered his head again. And he began to mutter something to himself.

Shirone waited silently.

Finally, Dante stopped muttering and raised his head again.

There was no more exchange of information. The winner and the loser were separated, and all that was left was to collect the spoils.

"Kill me."

Dante made a shocking declaration.

Shirone clenched his mouth and glared at Dante.

There was a stir here and there. They didn't expect him to say he'd rather die than kneel.

He's immature, he's not manly enough to force it, they said.

But Sabina knew. Dante's words were neither forced nor spiteful.

-I'm going to be the best magician. To do that, I have to train like a real thing even in two thousand times.

-But Dante, no matter how you look at it, two thousand times is a simulation. There are judgments, and there must be differences from reality.

Sabina couldn't forget what Dante had said at the time.

-That's true. But I can't become a great magician by training like other students. So I decided. If I lose in two thousand times, it will mean my death.

Of course, he was young.

Sabina also thought it was just a resolution to brace herself before the match.

But as time went by, she realized Dante's sincerity.

There were many situations where he could have lost while fighting 150 or 200 times.

But in the end, Dante won.

And when he passed 400 times, Dante must have felt that his words became a blade that pushed him back.

As a result, Dante grew rapidly and achieved an amazing record of 472 wins in 472 matches.

Alpheus felt something was wrong.

"I didn't know he was thinking like that."

He looked at Olivia, but she also shook her head as if she had never heard of it. They didn't expect Dante to risk his life in the confrontation. It was good to have the will to become the best magician, but it was too much for an 18-year-old boy's determination.

Then he realized something.

Because he was an 18-year-old boy, the pressure to keep his place at the top must have been greater.
```
[Translated block]


Did you enjoy being in the magazine, being revered by all the students, and defeating your rivals? How good it must have been?

Dante had his own responsibility for making such an extreme choice.

Dante said again as if it was not a lie.

"Kill me. I never thought I would lose to anyone. It's my defeat. If you don't want to dirty your hands, I'll do it myself. But I won't kneel before you."

Shirone bowed his head and sighed.

Dante was making a very serious mistake. It was his own business how he treated his life, but once he said it out loud, it would hurt someone and anger someone else.

"So you're going to die because you lost?"

"Yes. That's the commitment I made for this duel."

"Why? What are you?"

The students widened their eyes in surprise. Dante shivered with shame. But at this moment, the most emotional person was Shirone.

"You tell others to kneel so easily, but you can't even do that?"

"You're talking nonsense. I really risked my life. I'm telling you that I'll disappear by myself, who might be my rival for life."

"Are you so great?"

Dante's face crumpled again. He had a good fight, even though he lost. He thought Shirone would understand his feelings.

"I think I lived up to the name of the best talent in the kingdom. Of course, I'm not making excuses. But you didn't beat me easily either, did you?"

"The best in the kingdom? So what can you do? Can you stop a war or something?"

"What?"

"I'm telling you to change something small if you're such a great person. You can't do anything. But why are you risking your life for losing?"

Dante's face twisted, but Shirone kept shooting at him.

"You can't stop war, famine, rebellion, or anything. But what? The best in the kingdom? You're so great?"

Dante gasped for breath. Shirone's every word stabbed his head, chest, and heart like a dagger. He was falling down. Something that made him up was falling into the abyss.

"Nothing will change if you die. No one will take your death seriously."

Dante couldn't stand it anymore. He felt like he would fall to the bottom if he stayed like this.

"Shut up! You're so arrogant because you won once! Do you want to fight for real this time?"

"Dante."

Shirone looked at him with pity.

"You're just human."

Dante's face turned pale. He felt something that surrounded his shell shatter.

He suddenly remembered Canis's words.

-You'll feel what it's like to be stepped on to the bottom of the bottom that you can imagine.

It wasn't a fight from the beginning. Canis's words were true without an inch of exaggeration.

"Even a grand mage, or anyone else, can't change the world by themselves. Because they're human. That's why you don't have any right to die either."

The students were silent with solemnity. Even those who had mocked Shirone for refusing to fight Dante were no exception.

The best talent in the kingdom.

It was surely a dreamlike name for a magician aspirant. But from afar, it was nothing more than a human-made subhuman idea.

"That child is...?"

Olivia asked Alpheus. Shirone's identity must have been written in detail in the student record book, but she didn't want to know that.

Alpheus finally told the truth.

"Shirone... met Miro. And he met Archangel Ikael in heaven."

Olivia turned her head in surprise.

Alpheus nodded with a bitter smile.

"Yes. He's one of the few humans who know the truth."
[Translated block]


Olivia was lost in deep thought.

Even now, this world was maintained by a single magician.

Knowing that fact, everything in human history must have seemed insignificant to Shirone's eyes.

"You're a strong kid. Most would be scared or give up."

"It wasn't like that from the beginning. I was a shy and quiet child."

Alpheus recalled the day he met Shirone. The twelve-year-old boy who eavesdropped on his lessons over the wall had grown into a promising talent who could stand out anywhere in the kingdom.
[Translated block]