


Singularity (1)

How much time has passed?

The woman who was breastfeeding pushed Habitz's shoulder gently and said.

"It hurts. Stop eating now."

Habitz's face, which slowly detached his mouth, was soaked with cold sweat.

"Ha."

The taste of breast milk was sweet and bitter, but Habitz's head was completely empty.

The 10-minute blank that is not even remembered fills the thrill of rest.

'This is the beginning.'

The woman's breast milk seemed to contain all kinds of pleasures that humans have created.

"Do you want to be a baby?"

Habitz raised his head at the woman's question.

'What do I want to be?'

The world gave him many names, but there was no self-defined in his head.

Tangled thoughts, and only the pleasure that shoots occasionally in the variations of those thoughts.

"Uh-huh. Uh-huh."

Habitz made a baby's cry.

The habit of pretending to be pure with a dry face was creepy in that it was the epitome of hypocrisy.

'This is chaos.'

Like a baby who has been aborted.

In fact, even though he was not born, he lives as a child in his parents' memory in a vague form.

'The point where all kinds of contradictions are not resolved and compressed.'

Natasha understood Habitz.

'If you amplify the delusion of the moment you discover that two children have fallen into the water infinitely, would it be Habitz?' And he woke up now.

"Uh-huh. Uh-huh."

Habitz, who realized that he could not be anything, defined himself as such.

'I am Satan.'

? ? ?

A village 17 kilometers away from Habitz.

In the village where the demons swept first and the thieves plundered, there was a breath of those waiting for death.

"Huh."

A woman whose left leg was cut off and bleeding heavily was crawling hard on the floor.

"Baby."

Where she reached out, a child pierced by an arrow lay down.

"Mom, it hurts."

Tears welled up in the woman's eyes, and Nane and Shura were watching the gruesome scene.

"It's okay, baby."

She said, stroking her child's head.

"When you die...

He clenched his teeth and tried to endure his sorrow, but he couldn't suppress his despair.

"It'll be okay when you die."

Nane clenched her lips tightly as the woman's scream echoed.

"Ahhhh! Ahhhh!"

The woman who screamed next to her dying child eventually died of excessive bleeding.

Nane closed her eyes slightly and clasped her hands together.

"I hope you will be born in paradise."

Shura said.

"Let's go back. We have nothing to fight with the demons."

Nane, who had been hiding in the mountains and accumulating sheep, was surprised when he suddenly said to go out into the world.

"No. There is nothing more we can do sitting still. Let's take a look around the world a little more."

"What are you guys?"

A huge shadow approached from the dark darkness.

They were demons who had left the group during the war, and each of them was injured.

Shura took a fighting stance.

"Back off if you don't want to die."

"Kukuku, it's ridiculous. Do you think we're scared because our psychic power is closed?"

Nane asked.

"Psychic power is... closed?"

Nane hadn't heard the rumor about Seongeum because it had only been a day since it happened.

"You don't need to know. Just be our punching bag obediently. That's your job."

Nane wasn't interested in demons.

"So psychic power is closed."

He thought that humans would be easily swept away by Daechungwha when he opened the altar.

'Humans are strong.'

It was true that he took it lightly from Gaold as well as looking at the world lightly.

"Go back. Don't commit evil deeds from now on and live repenting."

The demons looked at each other.
[Translated block]


"Puhahaha! What are you saying right now? Are you crazy?"

"Don't do evil deeds to the demons? How dare you, a lowly human, preach to us..."

The faces of the demons froze at the same time.

"A Buddha"

---) --- O V2?

Shura, who turned around with a pale face, saw the halo of light burning from Nane's body.

"Bu, Buddha..."

It was not that he did not realize.

Nane was able to become a Buddha again and destroy the world at any time if he wanted to.

"I told you to go back."

As Nane's eyes opened wide, the demons screamed and scattered in all directions without a chance.

As the enemies disappeared, the energy that seemed to tear the world apart disappeared as if it were a lie.

"Master, why do you endure?"

"It's not time yet."

The world did not change just because he realized.

"I want to know more about his thoughts, who loves and sympathizes with even the demons, Bakae Shiro."

If there was no shake in the Buddha's perspective even when he saw the world from the realm of compassion.

'It becomes truly right.'

Nane said, looking back at Shura.

"One extreme cannot support the whole. Shiro must also have the same thoughts as me."

All those who claimed themselves from their own extremes were passing through a singularity.

'After one round of that... Whatever it is, it will end.

The sun rose in the morning.

The army of Jinchun, who entered Gustaf through the space distortion of Guangcheon, was stunned by the sight before them.

"What is this..."

There were corpses of demons everywhere in sight.

"Did a disaster strike?"

It was as if a natural disaster had swept through, all the buildings were collapsed.

"It's Yahweh's power. Maybe we didn't even need to come here."

Orion realized a new fact.

'Princess.'

Although Jinchun's morale rose due to Seongeum's sacrifice, what she really wanted was Shiro.

'So she spent a day with him... Her eyes reddened.

"No, we can't just stay here. It's a place that the most noble person in Jinchun made for us. We must win."

Jinchun's army moved towards the capital again.

From far away on the horizon, screams of demons sounded like rain falling.

Shiro no longer ran.

'If Nane had closed the world... Seongeum wouldn't have fallen into hell and suffered forever.

'I could endure it...

I thought others could endure it too.

'I don't know pain.'

He thought everyone would be happy if he saved the world with his spirit of compassion, but Seongeum could not come back.

'Destroy.'

As Shiro moved his feet, waves of blinding light spread endlessly.

The divine particles that reached sub-light speed swept away everything around them.

"Uaaaa! Run away!"

The demons who were occupying the city near the capital, Pamelion, scattered in all directions.

They were afraid of Yahweh, but they were screaming in fear in front of Shiro now.

"Run! Do...

Time slowed down as if it had almost stopped.

"Ru...in...

Behind the backs of the demons filling the landscape, light particles stabbed infinitely.

The giant's body turned to dust before the explosion even occurred, and then a shock wave swept over it.

Kukukukukukuku!

As if a flood had burst, light filled every street in the city and swept everything away.

"Wow, that's scary."

In a situation where no one could look back, there was only one person who was watching Shiro.

She had black hair that stretched down to her waist like pitch black, and her face was pure like an angel.

She was Melania, the second corps commander of Hell's army.

"Yahweh is very angry."

The light particles that attacked at an unresponsive speed did not dare to approach her.
[Translated block]


"What should we do, Legion Commander? We're all going to die like this."

A low-ranking demon with no rank was clinging to her side.

"Leave me alone. When the gentle one gets angry, you have to comfort and soothe him until he calms down."

That's why she thought it was meaningful that tens of millions of demons had died.

"What if he doesn't calm down?"

Even in Melania's opinion, Siro's anger was terrifying enough to end the world.

"Then what..."

Her lips rose slightly.

"I'll have to beg him."

"Run away!"

Lian, who had taken over the Yellow Fortress, cut through the demons and evacuated the people.

'Siro won't care about humans.'

He couldn't give up Yahweh without that kind of determination.

'It's not that I don't value life.' It was because death was rather a rest compared to the holy sound trapped in eternal hell.

"Go! Hurry!"

As Lian cut through the demons, civilians who had been living in the capital screamed and ran away.

'There are too many people.'

He had fought for more than 12 hours overnight, but there were still many who had not left.

Kwaah!

In the battlefield where all kinds of screams were heard, a particularly annoying explosive sound was heard.

Lian turned his head to the place where the sound was clearly made to attract attention, and a giant black-haired man was standing there.

The madness of the man who was smiling strangely choked Lian's breath.

"Brother?"

His old honest appearance was gone, but Ogent's unique impression was still there.

"It's been a long time, Lian."

The eldest son, Ogent Guy.

Lian lowered his sword as he faced his older brother, whom he had left home and never heard from.

"How are you here?" Siro didn't say anything about Guy.

"As you can see, I've made it big."

Lian couldn't understand the situation properly, and behind Guy, demons rushed in.

"There! Die...!"

Guy swung his sword without looking back, and dozens of demons were cut in half.

'An amazing sword.'

Ogent's sword wind was honest, so it didn't leave a dull taste even when it was compared to Rye, who was called a genius of skill.

But Guy's blow was as if he had cut with a saw rather than a sword, with a violent temperament added to it.

"How did you end up like this? Have you been living as a spy here all this time?"

"A spy?"

Guy shrugged his arms.

"As you can see, I'm Gustav's commander-in-chief. The army of hell is out of my authority." He walked toward Lian with a confused expression on his face.

"How are your family?"

He couldn't answer.

"Is Grandpa healthy? Rye is such a good guy, and Reyna is so strong that she can get married."

"Brother, I..."

Before he finished speaking, Guy came close and raised his sword high and stabbed it into the ground.

"My cute youngest."

And he opened his arms and hugged Lian roughly and rubbed his cheek against his hairy cheek.

"I missed you."

He was family.

"Brother."

Lian dropped his sword and hugged Guy back.

"I missed you too. How did this happen? Let's go back. The family is waiting."

Guy let go of Lian's shoulder and stepped back.

"You've grown up well. You used to not even reach my waist, but now you're similar to me."

Lian said again with an earnest expression.

"Brother, let's go back."

Guy shook his head with a smile.

"I can't do that."

"Why? Why can't you? No matter what you did, the family can handle it together."

"It's not because of guilt. If I had any left, I wouldn't have been able to come this far."

"Then what is it?"

"The ultimate of the sword. To reach there, I gave up everything. And Lian..."

Guy's body burst into energy.
[Translated block]


"You're the same."

The guy who grabbed the sword stuck in the ground swung it at Rian's neck.

'It's sincere.'

Rian, who bent his upper body, picked up the large sword that fell on the ground and swung it up.

"Oops."

Guy, who distanced himself, smiled with his eyes and said.

"Good reaction. Whatever. Even if you're my brother, you should come at me like that if you read the will to live."

"I'm also a knight. I have no choice but to fight like this."

"I know. Maha's knight. They say you're very strong."

While Rian closed his mouth and watched, the scenery surrounding Guy distorted.

"What is this?..."

"Yeah, my foolish brother."

Guy said with his eyes wide open in madness.

"The bloodline of Ogent Smiley is not only in you."
[Translated block]