


[495] That afternoon (3)

"What is that?"

Kuan was the first to show hostility and approached.

He was a man who had a strange impression that he did not meet the standards even though he was human.

"What did I... achieve for what I was born?"

His face was ugly as if it had collapsed, and the skin exposed below his neck was covered with chitin of Garas.

His fingers were jagged as if he was wearing steel gloves, and thick and sharp hair stood up like a hedgehog.

Nephilim, nameless (no name), born by the angel of achievement, Adio.

He didn't care about his name or anything, as he followed the question that had been in his mind like a calling since he was born.

As Nameless looked at the sword Kuan was holding, he spread his hands wide and light exploded in front of his palm, and suddenly two swords were hanging.

When Kuan looked at him unpleasantly with one eyebrow raised, Nameless lifted his sword and said.

"What is the name of this thing?"

It was strange that he realized the sword without knowing what it was, but Kuan honestly confessed.

"It's a sword."

"A sword. How do you use it?"

"If you ask me how to use it..."

Kuan pulled out the external gravity and flew his body.

"I'll answer you like this."

Kuan's body, which had a rapid rotation, spun like a top in front of Nameless and swung his sword.

At that moment, Nameless realized.

That sword would soon cut his neck and drop his life.

Bang!

Nameless's twin swords blocked the front, and Kuan's sword hit it hard.

It wasn't a technique or a tactic, it was just a defense to maintain life.

It was thanks to the physical condition inherited from the angel and Garas that he could block the sword of the instructor of Kaizen Swordsmanship School.

Sparks flew as the blade scraped the blade, and Nameless's body was pushed back and slammed into the wall.

He barely regained his balance and bowed his head, muttering something without letting go of his defense.

Kuan felt strange at the response that was lighter than expected.

'Doesn't he know swordsmanship? Then what is it, the intense sense of incongruity I felt when I first saw him?'

As soon as he finished his thoughts, Nameless's head finally lifted.

"I got it."

"What?"

Kuan clenched his sword and walked up step by step.

"What a sword is."

Nameless disappeared from Kuan's sight.

It was something that could not happen just because he was fast, because Kuan had concentrated all the functions of Schema on Movement.

He wandered around looking for traces of the disappeared enemy, and Kuan's pupils fixed on the deep left.

Bang! Again, the swords collided, but this time it was a situation where the situation was completely reversed.

'Can't react?'

Is human thought really infinitely free?

It was a question that had never left Kuan's head since he picked up the sword.

And the conclusion he reached while swinging his sword throughout his life was clearly 'no'.

Human thought seems free, but when seen by a truly free being, it is very mechanical and bound by patterns.

Kuan trained Movement all his life to overcome the limits of that thought and reached this point.

But now Nameless's movement transcended even his thoughts.

'Did you... know swordsmanship?'

He suddenly wondered, but Kuan soon corrected his thoughts.

He didn't know it already, but he grew up while clashing swords.

'No, this is hardly evolutionary.'

An explosive growth of swordsmanship or enlightenment that could not be explained otherwise than that.

Nameless's twin swords began to swing in an orbit that went beyond Kuan's common sense, and in just 5 minutes inflicted fatal wounds on Kuan's body.

"Kruk!"

Kuan, who had been cut across his chest, rotated to block the approach and retreated to the end of the hallway.

The wound on his chest hurt more than the humiliation as a swordsman.

If he had picked up a sword for the first time today, he would have caught up with everything Kuan had achieved in 30 years in just 5 minutes.
[Translated block]


```text
"Is it possible?"

Mumyeong is a hybrid of the angel of achievement and Garas, a nephilim.

Through this grotesque hybridization, which may be the first in the history of heaven, Mumyeong developed a new trait.

The angel's mind, which pursues a refined spirit, combined with Garas, and all the transcendent desire for reproduction was converted into a desire for achievement.

If Garas only pursued reproduction, what made up Mumyeong's mind now was only an understanding of technology, and a deeper realm that transcended it.

Mumyeong broke through the barriers that a human had to overcome over the years through relentless training at an incredible speed.

I want to do better. I want to do better. I want to do better.

Mumyeong sucked in Quan's 30-year swordsmanship like a hole that sucked in anything, and sublimated it to a higher level.

In front of the attack where that level was buried in swordsmanship, Quan was barely able to defend himself.

"It can't be! It can't be!"

He clenched his teeth and tried desperately to hold on, but Mumyeong's swordsmanship was more persistently breaking the limits of his ideas.

"We have to help!"

The moment Armin and Shiina tried to cast magic on Mumyeong, Quan squeezed out a moment of leisure with his head held in his hand and shouted.

"No! Run away!"

Only those who have fought directly can know the fear of Mumyeong.

But Armin and Shiina had already started their actions.

Armin cast Flicker magic to distract Mumyeong's gaze, and Shiina shot seven Ice Spears at the same time.

Thanks to that, Quan was able to escape from the edge of death, but he knew that the price was several times greater.

Mumyeong, who avoided the spear of ice and widened the distance, immediately showed interest in the skills of the magicians.

"What is that?"

A high degree of improvement that transcends human imagination struck Mumyeong's brain.

'I want to do it! I want to do it! I want to do it! I want to do it!'

That huge desire raised all of Mumyeong's functions beyond their limits, and soon the Spirit Zone opened.

Armin felt Mumyeong's Spirit Zone with his empathy and felt goosebumps.

It's not just finding a point of concentration of the mind.

'He opened Immortal Function.'

Mumyeong, who cast Flicker magic, went behind Armin and swung his sword.

In front of his ability to use both Spirit Zone and Schema at the same time, Armin felt his hair stand on end as he bent his waist.

As soon as one sword missed, Mumyeong immediately cast magic and shot an Ice Spear at Shiina.

Then Armin realized why Quan couldn't even use his hand and was pushed back.

'Oh my god! How can such a creature be!'

It's cheating.

No genius can copy the magic of freezing used by a public 5th grade magician in an instant.

But that was just an emotional outburst, and Armin knew it too.

The fact that there is no such thing as cheating in this world.

If he was born like that, no matter what kind of grotesqueness he contains, it's just reality.

'Now that he has acquired Flicker magic, he can't even run away.'

Armin's cool brain couldn't find a criterion for judgment in front of a creature he had never experienced before.

The only possibility is to mobilize all your power right now and remove Mumyeong.

But if Mumyeong's growth rate exceeds his expectations, they will be eaten instead.

Even so, if you have to choose the former, but if there is a situation where Shiina's risk is guaranteed at a high probability, the judgment will change.

'I have to save Shiina. No matter what price I pay, I have to send her home safely.'

That's the only gift he could give to his sister who had longed for her whole life by risking his life.

Armin hugged Shiina, who couldn't even use her hand in front of Mumyeong's chaotic movement, and rolled on the floor.

"More, more fun things?"

The moment Mumyeong rushed with his eyes wide open with madness, Armin realized what he had to do.

'I'm sorry, Quan.'
```
[Translated block]


```text
As the nameless sword was crossed with an X, Armin surrounded himself and Shiina with a barrier of stop magic.

"Huh!"

Nameless stopped his sword hastily just before he got caught in the stop.

It was a movement that was impossible with ordinary inertia, and only possible with nameless's unknown enlightenment.

'What is this?'

Nameless's spirit zone immediately analyzed the anomaly of stop magic and delivered it to his brain.

He would have been tied up in a place where time stopped without moving if he had moved forward a little more.

Armin, who hugged Shiina, looked at Nameless across the barrier with a tense expression.

He emptied the inside of the reverse field, so the two were free from the timeline, and he was thinking of running away with Shiina as soon as he saw a little gap from Nameless.

'If he even subjugates the stop....'

It's a terrible thing to think about.

Maybe I should have died here instead?

But for Armin, who only had Shiina as his everything, it was a choice that didn't even need to be chosen from the beginning.

"Hmm, that's it, right?"

Nameless savored the reverse field of stop for a moment, then widened his eyes and cast magic.

As Armin and Shiina watched with tense expressions, Nameless's head tilted slightly to the side.

"Huh? It doesn't work?"

Armin's heart, which had been running madly, regained its stability for a moment in a sigh of relief.

* * *

"Don't think it's over with this. Ra will never tolerate your existence... Kuk!"

Another angel exploded with a bang as his neck was grabbed by Satan in his hand.

Frank Wein, who wore Satan's concept, found and dealt with the angels hiding one by one as if playing hide and seek, and as their numbers decreased, the balance of the law tilted rapidly.

"It's bland. It doesn't make any difference with angels."

The law beyond the law.

No matter how powerful the concept the angels were armed with, it had no effect on Satan.

Boom! Boom!

Two thumps pierced through the ceiling of Jebul and stuck into the hallway where Frank Wein was.

"Ho? This time it's decent?"

Frank Wein's mouth curled up at the appearance of the big fish.

The archangels of combination and decomposition, each possessing the original concept of strength and weakness, Metiel and Satiel arrived.

"The lowly rat hiding behind the law is running around without knowing how scary it is."

Metiel walked with a cold gaze.

Using bending sight, the two archangels realized that Metatron had disappeared and flew to Jebul immediately.

It was best for them to avoid being harmed in order to balance the balance of the law's seesaw, but in Jebul now, all angels are hiding according to Ra's command.

If the number of angels decreases here any more, even if all archangels gather together, they can't guarantee victory, so they chose to settle quickly.

"Do you really think so, archangel? Isn't it Ra of Law who is afraid of me?"

"Don't talk like you're noble when you're a hybrid whose concept is unclear. It makes me feel very uncomfortable."

Metiel slowly raised his hand and Satiel next to him spread his wheel violently.

Metatron's gravity force is a pure manifestation of the original concept.

Therefore, it is powerful, but it is likely to work in favor of Satan, who is invincible to law.

But Metiel and Satiel are different.

The two archangels can freely manipulate all particles in this world when combined, so there is enough room for secondary application.

"Kkkk, it's fun to see the cuties' antics."

At Satan's provocation, Metiel and Satiel attacked at the same time.

As the power of strength and weakness combined, things melted like paint and Jebul's scenery changed into something completely different that could not exist in this world.

Things that don't even have names are expressed with bizarre properties, and bizarre phenomena that can never be imagined by intelligence begin to occur around Satan.

In a landscape like an abstract painting drawn by a madman, two archangels poured out tremendous attacks on Satan.
```
[Translated block]


Radiation spewed out and tormented Satan's cells, and the atmosphere that emitted super-high heat as soon as it touched burned Satan's whole body.

"Krrrrrr!"

They restrained Satan's hands and feet with particles that distorted time and crushed his flesh like clay with metal that twisted space.

"Let's finish this."

Satiel nodded at Metiel's words and rushed in.

They were like enemies in normal times, but in battle, there was no partner who matched so well throughout heaven.
[Translated block]