
How do you like my translation? Do you find the story interesting? 😊
[Translated block]


Most teachers would normally calm the child down and send them back to school. Even if they didn't preach about the hollow social skills, they would at least tell them to face the fight bravely instead of running away. That was the common sense of society.

But Olivia didn't persuade Dante. This child was special. The intuition of a grand mage told her so.

"Why don't you get along with your friends? You didn't say a word, did you?"

"If I can't convey anything, it's the same as not speaking. I didn't do it because there was no reason to do it."

Dante recalled that time and made a disgusted expression.

"Friends talk a lot. But they are noise. Ants are different. They have one purpose. Even ants that seem to have no purpose support other purposes with it."

Olivia finally confirmed the overflow.

If you dig deep into anything, a world completely different from common sense opens up.

Dante had entered that world too early.

"This ant is 1010110, but it just follows 1010111. But it's a very important thing. It's a channel. If no one follows 1010111, nothing will be delivered. If you look closely, most ants exist only to maintain the channel. Only a few ants do really special things. Can you tell them apart?"

Olivia smiled awkwardly and shook her head.

No matter how great a mage she was, she couldn't distinguish the roles of all the members of the ant kingdom.

"If you watch all day, you'll realize something interesting. All channels are connected. For example, this 1111 ant just follows the ant in front and maintains the channel. But surprisingly, it's involved in almost all channels. If this ant is gone......"

Dante pressed down 1111 with his index finger. Olivia frowned. But soon she felt the change in the ant society and opened her eyes wide.

The ant line collapsed and scattered in different directions. The line spreading into a plane meant that the channel became meaningless.

The boy watched the collapse of the ant kingdom with sparkling eyes. With a creepy smile of pureness.

Olivia shuddered. The ant that Dante pressed down was neither a soldier ant nor a special ant.

The system couldn't collapse just by suppressing one ant.

No, she thought so until now. But Dante's action told her that her common sense was wrong.

The blind spot of the invisible system.

All the variables that occur by suppressing 1111 were calculated in Dante's head.

Dante clearly understood the system of the ant kingdom that even ants didn't know.

Dante looked up at Olivia and smiled.

"The queen will starve to death."

Another Sky (1)

Olivia looked at Dante, who had grown up for eight years, and smiled with satisfaction.

"Dante has eyes that can read channels. And he strengthened them through training."

Shirone, who had closed the door of Immortal Function, was busy avoiding shelling. She had no time to think about anything else because of the 86 mansions that constantly changed their structure.

On the other hand, Dante, who entrusted the battle to Automaton, was relaxed. He seemed to be able to sit in his seat and read a book as it was.

'But I have to pay back what I got.'

Dante floated over Pascal's magic circle. As he slowly advanced in that state, hundreds of magic circles connected to Pascal pushed towards Shirone at the same speed.

It was as if a huge space was moving as a whole.

Magic poured out from all sides as Shirone moved.

Shirone felt like she was fighting an army. A huge army was cutting through her spirit zone and invading.

Iruki's face twisted horribly.

'Damn! How can he use such magic......'

He couldn't think of a way to counter Dante's system. He hadn't suffered any fatal injuries yet, but he couldn't avoid the automated mechanical devices forever.
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone knew that fact too. But he had no choice. It was also not as impossible as Iruki thought.

'I have to try.'

Shirone assumed one possibility and jumped into Pascal's core. Dante's mansions moved quickly and increased their firepower, but the faster they did, the faster he teleported.

He had to move.

He had to synchronize with Dante's channel.

As time passed, the students began to stir. It was a subtle thing that could not be confirmed by eye, but he felt that Shirone's movements were gradually meshing with Dante's system.

Nade jumped up and shouted.

"Teleportation! There was such a way!"

Iruki also smiled as if he had eaten a blow.

"Teleportation is information. It's a strategy to mix with Dante's system and collapse it from the inside."

The two thousandth bracelet became hotter. It was evidence that Pascal was overloaded by chasing Shirone's movements.

Shiina confirmed that Dante's mental gauge was rapidly decreasing as Shirone's movements became more complicated.

'Does it mean that the game is still unknown?'

Alpheus exhaled a rough breath. He felt a slight chill running down his spine.

'Dante's ability is powerful. But insight is also a terrifying talent that can reach the top of the world.'

Shirone had perfectly pierced Pascal's weakness in a short time. Dante's automaton was perfect, but it was the reason why humans could not attach the adjective perfect.

The only error in Pascal's flawless perfection.

It was Dante himself.

"I want to send compliments to Dante for his perfect design. But it's still difficult. His mental power is not keeping up with his technology."

Olivia had no choice but to admit it. She didn't know Dante's weakness. No, can this be called a weakness?

Being young is not a sin.

Dante would grow more in the future, and he would surely reach a level where he could maintain Pascal for a long time someday.

But such facts could not be an excuse. The people who faced Dante were also in the same position.

Above all, Dante's endurance was not inferior to his peers at all.

The only thing Dante misunderstood in this confrontation was that Shirone, who had unparalleled endurance, was his opponent.

'Maybe... I met him too early.'

It was regrettable that one of Shirone and Dante had to bear the yoke of defeat.

'No, it's the same for everyone. There is no such thing as a proper time.'

It was already a confrontation that had happened, and it was something that could not be turned back in time. Moreover, when analyzed coldly, Dante's winning rate was still over 70%.

The time he could maintain Pascal was only about 10 minutes, but it was impossible for Shirone to endure more than 5 minutes in Dante's system.

Olivia said.

"But you still can't beat Dante. It's not ignoring Shirone, but the scarcity of talent is different. Shirone doesn't have a means to destroy Dante's system."

Alpheus couldn't refute it. He also saw no advantage for Shirone so far.

But even so, he was a child who made him expect.

'Do you have something I don't know, Shirone?'

Shirone flew around the entire area of ​​the two thousandth. He was hit by countless magic while avoiding Dante's barrage, but he immediately changed every time he paid the price of failure.

Iruki realized first and said.

"It worked. He got in perfectly."

At first, no one understood. But after 10 seconds, the students started to murmur with surprised expressions.

In the battlefield where infinite firepower rained down, Shirone moved freely. It was as if the mansions moved out of the way whenever he moved.

Of course, there was no connection between Shirone and Pascal's movements, so it was just an illusion. Nevertheless, this phenomenon occurred in one case.
```

Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]


"Shirone is reading the automaton's pattern perfectly."
[Translated block]