


[501] Despair. Despair (4)

Yin-Yang Wave Fist Thousand Peaks.

Etela's spinning kick hit Satan's abdomen.

Hundreds of waves that had been in advance interfered with each other, creating a tremendous shock wave inside.

"Kraaaak!"

The feeling of the muscles of the whole body wavering like waves.

Satan, who flew to the end of the fire, collapsed with his back against the wall.

'There's no way it ends like this.'

Etela passed her left hand behind her back and took a neutral combat stance.

The second confrontation.

She was the one who had tasted the brink of death from Frankenstein just a few hours ago.

'But the reason why he doesn't move is......'

It's because he has a plan.

As she expected, Satan's gaze went beyond Etela and included Metiel and Satiel.

'Hmm, followers of good. This is a bit dangerous.'

Then there are two choices.

Destroy the archangel and tilt the balance of law rapidly, or use all his strength to eliminate Etela.

Metiel, who felt Satan's gaze, said.

"Run away, Satiel."

Satiel's face crumpled.

"What? Run away? We are archangels, running away?"

"No, you're going alone. You have to run away and gather more angels. If you don't, you can't win."

Of course, Satan is the nemesis of angels who have escaped from the law, but Satiel couldn't easily admit it.

He could also think that Satan's power was not that strong if he could fly by human attacks.

"Just end it here. Even without using our abilities, we can destroy him if we attack together."

"No way. Satan is still strong enough. And he's getting stronger. That's what the ordinary angels are doing to Garas."

"But his attack worked on that human. Then our attack will work too."

"It's not a matter of power. It's because that human's law negates Satan's law that he won in compatibility."

Satiel glared at Etela's back.

"He negates Satan's law? How is that possible? Aren't humans also bound by the law of the Akashic Records, just like angels?"

"Yeah. Maybe that's why Anke Ra is afraid of humans."

Metiel finally realized the true meaning of this war, but it was already too late to explain anything.

"What are you talking about? Ra is afraid of humans?"

"Satiel, do as I say."

As Metiel flapped his wings of light and flew away, Satan kicked the wall and jumped out.

His target was Etela.

'Sure enough, this is the most annoying.'

The human's will of good destroys Satan's will.

Satan didn't even know how a being included in the Akashic Records could do that.

'But he's weak.'

That was the limit of life.

On the other hand, Satan had become more than twice as strong as when he was hit by Etela just by stopping time for a moment.

'I can finish it now.'

He showed off his terrifying acceleration and rushed towards Etela, raising his huge clawed hand.

At the same time, Metiel flew in from the side and hit Satan's spine with his slender arm.

"Kruk!"

The one who grimaced was rather Metiel who attacked.

As expected, Satan was so hard that he wouldn't budge even with a decent amount of power without applying the power of law.

"Kuku, are you going to lose half?"

The strategy of sacrificing one archangel to save one archangel.

Even so, it was not a losing deal for Satan.

He twisted his upper body and changed his target. He pierced Metiel's chest with his powerful force.

"Metieeeeeel!"

Satiel screamed as he saw Satan's arm sticking out through the angel's back.

His wings spread wide and his upper body leaned forward.

Opposite personalities born at the same time.

Even though they had been rivals for their whole lives, this moment felt like half of him had fallen off.
[Translated block]


"I'll kill you!"

The moment he tried to whip the air with his golden wings, Satan's cold pupils aimed at Satiel.

Annihilation
[Translated block]


```text
As he looked at Ikael, who was gradually weakening under the influence of Piel, he hated himself for being unable to do anything.

The Valhalla Action uses the principle of the Akashic Record, so even the user of the magic circle cannot know where the boundary of the action required for the reversal of causality is.

He just felt resentful of everything in his powerlessness.

As if he understood Shiro's heart, Ikael did not lose his smile, but his face had long lost its brilliant light.

Shiro's heart became as devastated as a battlefield every time Piel broke through the barrier of amplification and pushed in the energy of annihilation.

'Hurry! Please hurry!'

The time left until the price of Valhalla Action was over was now just over a minute.

It felt like every second was going too slowly.

He would do anything.

If only he could move, if only he could return to a state where he could do something, he would gladly fall into hell, even if it was hell.

"Shiro, when Valhalla Action is released...."

Ikael said with a kind smile.

"Leave heaven. Don't ever come back here."

'No, Ikael!'

There are still so many things I haven't heard yet.

The time left was 10 seconds.

Would Ikael be able to survive until then?

As fear rushed in enough to lose consciousness, something began to condense in Shiro's heart.

'I won't forgive you!'

Imagining Piel's existence behind Ikael's back, Shiro waited for the 10 seconds that were like hell.

9 seconds. 8 seconds.

'If only I could move....'

4 seconds. 3 seconds.

'No matter what price I pay....'

2 seconds. 1 second.

He would never forgive Piel.

Valhalla Action initialization.

Shiro's mouth opened.

"Ika...!"

"Ikaaaaaaael!"

At the same time, a woman's voice that seemed to tear apart covered Shiro's voice.

Bang!

Satiel, who had flown here from Gehenna to avoid Satan, landed while kicking Ikael away.

"It's all because of you...! It's all your fault!"

She stomped on Ikael cruelly.

Even as Metiel, whom she had known and lived with for the longest time, was annihilated by Satan's hand, he wasted his strength on a mere human being.

'Why did he....'

Why did she love such a faithless angel?

Even though all the angels hated him, she was the only one who took his side and ignored him.

"It's all your fault! Everything!"

Ikael, who was already weak, couldn't even take a defensive stance as he was hit.

Flames sprang up in Shiro's eyes as he watched him.

Valhalla Action.

A black and white magic circle spun over Shiro's head and Piel stepped forward to stop it.

The combination of Valhalla Action and Ataraxia was an unknown territory that was impossible for angels.

Even if it was used by a human being, he couldn't just leave it alone.

"This is the end, Nephilim."

Just before Piel's dark hand pierced Shiro's neck, a flash of teleportation hit Piel.

"Kruk!"

Plu, who landed on the floor with Piel in his arms, twisted his face in pain.

It was thanks to Jonah's excellent sense of distance that he was able to pinpoint the point where teleportation was released. If he had gone a little further ahead, his body would have been smashed.

"Shiro! Shoot it!"

Plu hugged Piel with his whole body and shouted.

And as he heard the sound of Ataraxia unfolding in front of Shiro's eyes as Valhalla Action activated, he closed his eyes tightly.

No matter what magic was cast, his life was over with this.

Shiro's faint voice was heard.

"Goodbye... everyone."

Contrary to expectations, no magic was activated at all.

And being able to speak in Valhalla Action state meant that he had already entered the calculation stage.

Plu turned around in wonder and saw Shiro's body moving toward Ataraxia.

Ikael, who had been attacked by Satiel, shouted in surprise.
```
[Translated block]


"No, Shirone! That's......!"

Before the scream could finish, Shirone's body crossed the boundary line of Ataraxia.

Flash!

At the same time, the world shone for a moment, and the mental power was amplified enough to fill Arabot and more.

Ataraxia-Sixth Realm.
[Translated block]