


[565] Opening (1)

Around the time the moon rose, a man and a woman met behind the graduation building.

Dorothy was the first to come out and wait, and it was only 5 minutes later that Iruki appeared.

"You're late. 5 minutes."

Dorothy scolded in her unique tone, but Iruki's head does not forget the time.

"You came 5 minutes early."

"That's right. My watch is 5 minutes fast."

Dorothy turned her head shyly.

"But I always forget."

Iruki couldn't analyze what this conversation meant to Dorothy.

"Then I'll start with the main point."

As Dorothy nodded her head, the explanation about Scrumble Royale continued.

No other words were interrupted until the explanation was over.

"The time Scrumble Royale takes place is from noon to midnight every day. You can get the morning evaluation, and if you're in a hurry, you can also attend the afternoon evaluation. It's not a bad suggestion because you can pull down many people who are higher than you?"

"Again?"

It was Dorothy's only question.

"Again?"

"Did you call me for that? Not because you have something else to say?"

Iruki said after some thought.

"There is. Honestly, if you participate in Scrumble Royale, you will have to give up the afternoon evaluation. Of course, it's not a constraint, but realistically, it is."

"......"

Dorothy looked at Iruki for a long time and then gently touched his cheek.

"Slap."

She made a sound effect with her mouth, but Iruki's expression remained unchanged.

"I got it. I'll do it."

"Thank you. On behalf of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Association."

"It wasn't a bad suggestion as you said. Do I have to go to the research association on holidays?"

Before Iruki could answer, Dorothy immediately turned her body and headed towards the dormitory.

* * *

The day to discuss Scrumble Royale after the 6th day of the week's evaluation was one day away.

The gloomy eyes of the arrived Nade had the shadow of death.

'I couldn't get it. Now I'm dead.'

He made a loud noise, but most of the students who proposed didn't even care.

The risk of being disturbed by the evaluation during the participation period was greater than expected.

"No, that's not it."

Iruki, who had already captured Dorothy, was the only one who looked relaxed and snapped his fingers.

"It's because they calculated the benefits of not participating in addition to the risk."

Shirone nodded gloomily.

"Because we can get more points than our competitors while we participate in Scrumble Royale."

"Aw! Is that the problem? If you win, you can step on the kids in the class!"

Unlike the excited Nade, Iruki was calm.

"It's low risk, low return. It's not a bad choice. Besides, if you're prepared for that, it won't help anyway. It's time to come up with a realistic alternative."

If it's a realistic alternative, it's ultimately Sabina, so Nade, who was pricked, shut his mouth.

Honestly, at this point, anyone would welcome it if they helped, but there was also a hope that they would never get involved with her.

"I got it. I'll go and talk for now."

"Go quickly. Go now. There's really no time now. I'll go to Amy again."

As Shirone left the research association first with a gloomy expression, Nade, who was following him, looked back at Iruki.

"I'm a problem, but what about Shirone? Honestly, it's a tough schedule. It's not good for the person who asks or the person who refuses, isn't it awkward again?"

"Amy will join. Don't worry and do your best."

"Huh? What are you talking about?"

Iruki muttered as if he hadn't heard, looking at the wall.

"Now that it's come to this, I have no choice but to use the last card."

* * *

"Ha, I'm really going crazy."

In the end, Nade, who turned his steps to Sabina, sat on a park bench and sighed as if the ground was sinking.

'I know. I know too.'

As the president of the research association, he had to take responsibility for his opinions, but there were some problems that he hated more than death.
[Translated block]


"What are you doing here?"

"Don't tell me what to do. My head is complicated right now... Huh?"

Nade, realizing that it was Sabina's voice, quickly turned his head.

"How did you get here?"

"Iruki told me to go. You were looking for me."

Iruki's face, laughing wickedly, came to mind.

"What, no invitation to sit? You were looking for me, weren't you? Just go?"

"No, you can't go, so..."

Sabina said, trying hard to hide her boiling expression.

"Hey, do you hate me that much?"

"Who said I hate you? Don't talk nonsense..."

Nade, realizing that he was being cautious, suddenly changed his expression and shouted.

"Why do you keep worrying about me? I don't understand your intentions. You're not really into me, are you?"

"Why do you think so?"

"Huh?"

Sabina sat on the bench.

"Yes, I admit it's strange. From the moment I saw you that day."

Nade didn't move.

He was frozen in time, and Sabina was chilled by the absolute vitality she had never felt in her life.

'Uh, it's really scary...'

She was lynched by Nade after last year's two thousand battles.

Since then, she has been tormented by nightmares of Nade choking her every day.

'How did this happen?'

If the fear is too strong, Sabina may have unlocked her heart to Nade, as if she had given herself up to the fear.

"It was too scary. Honestly, it still is. So please... don't do that."

"Ah, sorry."

Nade cringed his face.

'Damn, I made a mistake again.'

The face of 'that' that unknowingly reveals itself.

He wanted to smash the face that looked more disgusting because it resembled his mother.

"But it's not because I'm scared that I'm doing this. I've been watching you. Laughing and chatting with friends, it was a bit different from the Dante team I belonged to. It looked really fun."

Nade, sitting on the bench, spoke in a cold voice.

"It's all fake. That's not my real self."

It was the first time he had confessed honestly, except for Iruki.

"What is your real self?"

Nade looked back at Sabina.

"Whether you're a scary person or pretending to be nice, that's you. There's no such thing as a fake in your appearance."

Sabina, with a kind smile, said.

"Nade, who is desperately trying to hide his scary side. Only that is you, and that is the appearance of Nade I saw."

Nade clenched his mouth tightly.

If he loosened his facial muscles even a little, he felt like tears would pour out.

"I just want to know you a little more. So don't worry. Of course, if my skills are lacking, it won't help."

Sabina got up from her seat as Nade still didn't speak.

"If you change your mind..."

"Scramble Royal."

"Huh?"

Nade raised his head as if he had made up his mind.

"Do you want to do it together? If you help me, I think I can do it properly."

Sabina smiled with her eyes.

* * *

Finally, the day of negotiation came.

Nade got healthier overnight, but this time Shiro was like a corpse.

Even his friends had never seen Shiro so pale.

"What should I do? I couldn't convince Amy in the end."

"Ah, you have to admit that you're stubborn."

Nade clicked his tongue and said.

"There's nothing we can do about it now. We just need to lead the consultation well and balance it."

"But even that means giving up a negotiation card. I'm sorry! Because of me..."

When Shiro was about to cry, Nade comforted her shoulder.

"Where is that? If you can't convince her, no one can. It can't be helped."

"Ah! It's all my responsibility."
[Translated block]


Iruki, who confirmed that Shiro-ne was covering his face with both hands, got up from his seat.

"I'll be back in a bit. Get ready to greet the guests first."

"Where are you going? There's only a few hours left."

"I have a prior engagement."

Saying so, Iruki who left Istas headed straight for the snack bar.

It was quiet because it was a holiday, and Amy, who was waiting while drinking coffee, raised her hand.

"How's Shiro-ne?"

"He's about to die soon. There's no chance of survival."

Amy asked with a sorry expression.

"Is there really no countermeasure?"

"There is. You can participate."

"Are you saying that again? I told you I can't. This is my second graduation exam. I can't afford to make mistakes."

Iruki nodded.

"I know. So I'm going to stop asking for favors now."

"Then why did you ask me to see you?"

"To threaten you."

Amy raised one eyebrow.

"How are you going to threaten me?"

"You know Kaiden, right? He's the president of the Women's Body Research Society."

"Ho, I didn't see it that way."

Amy tried consciously not to be interested.

"Scramble Royal is similar to extracurricular activities in many ways. Once the rules are set, they manifest."

"So?"

"Kaiden has liked Maya for a long time. And Maya likes Shiro-ne."

"So?"

She began to feel that she should not hear any more.

"Kaiden bears a grudge against Shiro-ne. He will probably propose a condition like this. If you lose, you can't date Amy for the rest of your life."

"That...so?"

"Just saying."

Amy slammed the table.

"Are you kidding? What kind of threat is that? What's with me and Shiro-ne? We're nothing. Even on the day we returned, we already talked about it."

"I don't know about that. I just thought I should tell you because this is the last chance to turn things around."

As Iruki got up from his seat, he said,

"So Shiro-ne must have been desperate too. Don't be too upset that he didn't understand your situation. We're rooting for your graduation more than anyone else."

Amy, who was looking at Iruki leaving the snack bar, sucked up the remaining coffee at once.

* * *

"No! Absolutely not!"

Amy, who returned to the dormitory, confirmed that it was time for the Scramble Royal negotiation table to open soon.

If she loses, there is no future with Shiro-ne.

"Hmph! Who said we were dating? Anyway, men are funny. They get delusional if you show them a little interest."

If she participates in Scramble Royal, she will suffer a huge loss in the graduation evaluation.

"Even if there's a possibility, so what? It's stupid to worry about throwing away my life just to date. Besides... Shiro-ne's team could win, right?"

The pages of the thermodynamics theory book turned quickly.

'Kaiden.'

Amy, who closed the book with a bang, jumped up from her chair.

"No, but this kid is really......!"

* * *

The hour hand pointed to noon.

As Istas started operating, the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society came down to the first floor, and the six members of the union team entered at the promised time.

Hershey first counted the numbers.

'Five people.'

Although the expectation that Amy would be included was off, it was rather a windfall.

'Istas is ours.'

The negotiations proceeded with both sides sitting face to face.

"Let's set the negotiation settlement time to midnight today."

"Good. 12 hours is tight, so let's first set up a big frame. Game rules, rewards and costs, taboos......"

Then the door opened roughly.

"Hey! Kaiden!"

Everyone turned their eyes to where Amy was standing.

"Amy?"

The most surprised person was Shiro-ne, but she didn't even look at him and went straight to Kaiden.
[Translated block]
"Would you like to die? Who do you think you are, interfering in someone else's funeral, no, love life?"

Kaden closed his eyes as if ignoring it.

"I don't know what you're talking about. Nothing has been decided yet."

"Huh?"

Only then did Amy come to her senses and turn her head.

The participants of the Scramble Royale were staring at her with blank expressions.
[Translated block]