


[587] Black Curtain (2)

In the shockwave of a massive mass pouring towards one point, Eden felt fear for the first time.

'Fear? Me?'

It was an emotion that she, who was invincible under the care of God, could never accept.

'That can't be!'

Eden resisted with all her might.

In front of a vicious phenomenon that even a planet is wide for humans, and that they may not experience in their lifetime, she desperately raised her faith.

"Ugh!"

The reason for the tears is because she can't overcome the fear.

If there is a god beyond the realm of humans, the quasar of Shirone is also a god.

'No, it's not!'

God should stay far above.

'Was it just this much?'

Was the faith that was believed to encompass the universe just a stubbornness of a creature that could not experience the limit?

"That's not it! My faith, my religion......!"

As the number of flashes reaching through the 4th-dimensional route increases, the energy of the quasar also soars geometrically.

"Ahhhh!"

Eventually, a scream burst from Eden's mouth.

The absolute barrier still protects her, but she can't help but shake her heart.

'Give up, Eden!'

If she can't tolerate Gauld's pain... her god also can't get out of being human.

'It's not absolute! It's not a god, Eden!'

It's collapsing.

She felt a crack in the absolute barrier.

'It can't be!'

And that meant that Eden's faith was collapsing.

"God......!"

Shedding tears, Eden spit out a prayer.

"I believe!"

When she, trapped in light and unable to move anywhere, clasped her hands and knelt down, the durability of the barrier soared to its maximum.

'Amazing. Really amazing.'

How strong can a human heart be?

"Stay! Always look at me!"

Eden does not collapse.

Because there is a god, and because she believes it.

At the limit of faith that a human can reach, the quasar was constantly knocking on the solid wall.

'Why are you angry. Why are you angry.'

Creak, creak, she heard the sound of cracks in her head.

'What did I do wrong! What went wrong!'

Crack! As the barrier began to break, the shock was transmitted.

"Huh!"

The reality itself that she had to feel because she was human was rushing in.

'God! Why are you punishing me!'

The light of the quasar, which is over 100 meters in diameter, swelled up like an explosion in an instant.

* * *

"The ability of the servant is recognized. But we won."

Hershey lifted the corner of his mouth.

"You might think you can beat the card without receiving a kang, but in fact, you're at a loss."

It was like throwing away the collected cards in the trash.

"It's not meaningless. Thanks to that, we got a draw."

"That's your mistake."

Hershey pointed at Eruki.

"You should have bet on the game somehow. You shouldn't have used all the scrambles on me. Because we have Eden."

If Eden can't retire, a draw was a meaningless result from the beginning.

"Turn the ball to the team member? You're emotional, Eruki."

"So what do you want to say?"

"First."

Hershey raised his index finger.

"You failed to properly gauge the opponent's capacity. This is your mistake."

"Eruki, there!"

Dorothy pointed at the sky with a surprised expression.

Eruki, who checked the place, and Hershey, who turned his head late, were wide-eyed.

"What is that......?"

Would it feel like this if you look at the sun in front of you?

Thousands of light sources flickered and quickly increased in size, filling the night sky.

It was the birth of a quasar seen from afar.

* * *

"Ahhhhhh!"

I hope this helps! If you have any other requests, feel free to ask.
[Translated block]


As Eden's throat-tearing scream echoed, all Shiron could do was watch.

"This is serious! I can't stop!"

The reason why the flash was flying from all directions was because the space-time was completely crumpled around the coordinates.

The amplification power itself wouldn't be much different from the 2D Ataraxia, but the power of the energy that should have been emitted linearly concentrating on one point was dimensionally different from the existing magic.

"I'm going to die."

As soon as she was sure, Eden's shield began to be brutally torn apart.

"Ugh!"

Eden, who was truly naked, opened her eyes wide and her body opened like a bow.

Just like a newborn baby in the world, the shock of reality was vividly conveyed through the skin.

"Dark Sphere!"

Shiron stuck the dark sphere amplified by Ataraxia into Quasar.

There was nothing else she could do.

As the energy of light was sucked into the darkness, the glow of Quasar quickly darkened to the point of being visible.

"Please, please!"

Even so, Eden's life and death were uncertain.

Finally, when Quasar disappeared, Shiron confirmed Eden falling from the sky.

She teleported and barely caught her, then checked if she was breathing.

"Phew."

Her chest was faintly rising and falling.

"Put me down."

Eden's voice was faintly heard.

Maintaining consciousness was a great mental strength, but her body was in a state where she couldn't even move a finger.

"It's dangerous like this. Let's get treatment first."

"Put me down."

She spoke with as much emotion as possible, but even that didn't feel strong.

Shiron, who laid Eden on the grass, slowly backed away.

"Why......"

A single tear rolled down from her eyes.

It wasn't just that she had lost the game, but that her lifelong belief had been shattered, so she couldn't easily speak.

"Why did I lose?"

"Eden......"

Interrupting Shiron's words, she burst into anger.

"It can't be! Why am I worse than Gaold! I never disobeyed Yor's will! Gaold abandoned God!"

"That's right."

Shiron said.

"But it seems that God did not abandon Gaold."

Eden's eyes shook with shock.

"Eden, I don't know if there is a God. But the moment you tried to prove God through Gaold, the God you believe in can't be God."

Shiron approached her.

"Faith is not like that. Being a great Yora and spreading love is your faith."

'Oh God......'

Eden's eyes were burning like fire.

She finally realized.

Why God was so angry with her.

'Forgive me for doubting you.'

As she offered a prayer of repentance, she slowly opened her eyes.

"Take me."

"Huh?"

"The master card. It's not here. You have to destroy it, right?"

"Oh, right. Where is it?"

"You can't go alone. I'll tell you where."

"That's a bit......"

Only after the battle was over did she realize that she was not wearing clothes.

"Can we start with clothes first?"

"Are you kidding me now? How can I wear clothes when they're there? I can't even move my fingers."

"Then how about my clothes......"

As Shiron tried to take off her top, Eden stopped her.

"Just go. That's weirder."

After moving to action and realizing, Shiron quickly lowered her top and picked up Eden.

"Where is it?"

When Shiron asked without even making eye contact, she smiled weakly and opened her mouth.

"West. Near the 19th training ground."

* * *

"Hoo! Hoo!"

Amy moved her tired steps.

Kaiden, whose crutch was broken, was being dragged along, clinging to her back.

The mountain was on fire, and if left alone, he might suffocate and die.
[Translated block]


Amy, who had escaped from the fire, threw Kaiden on the floor in annoyance.

"Ah! The more I think about it, the more I get angry! You're really an unlucky person."

It was an honest feeling, but it was also a compliment to the enemy.

"I've heard that a lot. But I don't want to hear it from Carmis."

Amy, who was bragging, sat down on the spot.

"Well, what's the point of saying it? Neither you nor I are in a position to envy others."

"Why didn't you kill me?"

"What?"

"Why did you bring me here? Don't you want to kill me? You hate me, don't you?"

Amy pouted her lips.

"Well, why did I save you?"

There was only one answer she could give.

"Because it could have been me."

Kaiden turned his head.

"I fought fiercely when I entered the magic school. I came here by defeating many competitors. You probably did the same."

"......"

"Even if I hate it to death, I don't feel the joy of victory when I actually win. The relief of surviving is all."

Amy looked down at her feet.

"Everyone is doing their best, so it's scary. Today, I stepped on you and went up, but maybe I could have been the one who fell here."

Amy, who hid her sad expression, smiled bitterly.

"Maybe that's why. People who risk their lives to do something, no matter how much they hate it, can't hate it."

Kaiden looked at the stars in the night sky.

"I can't understand the way magicians think."

"......I've always wanted to ask, but why did you come to magic school?"

"Not much. I just came at first. I wasn't worried. I'm going to do well here anyway."

"Do you want to get hit again?"

"Before I met Maya, I thought I would stay for a while and then leave. But now it's a little different. Should I say it's comfortable?"

Kaiden looked back at Amy.

"Because magicians don't sympathize. Like you."

When Amy was silent, his gaze turned back to the sky.

"It was different from the swordsmanship school that sees things as they are. Whether it's a Red Cross of sacrifice or whatever, it's unlucky to say that it's unlucky."

"Do you have no intention of denying your destiny?"

"That's really over the line."

"I know! I'm just asking! Loser, only your mouth is alive!"

Kaiden confessed his true feelings.

"There's no way to deny the fate of the Red Cross. But I guess I can live by ignoring it. I'm thinking of learning swordsmanship again."

"Oh, because you got smashed by me?"

"That's part of it."

If Kaiden starts swordsmanship again, he will be the best in no time.

The reason is simple, because he doesn't want to be the best in swordsmanship.

"I have to forget Maya too. I can't achieve anything I want. That's my life."

"Can you ignore it?"

"If you become the best at anything, it might not be a bad life."

Kaiden, who had a fun thought, raised the corners of his mouth.

"In that sense, it would be perfect to swear an oath to you. Because I can freely unfold the swordsmanship I don't like while protecting the woman I don't like."

"Ha ha! Hey, just imagining it is really creepy!"

Kaiden couldn't help laughing in pain, thinking it was ridiculous.

'Knight's oath.'

Amy thought of Lian.

He could be said to be a swordsman who is at the perfect antipode compared to Kaiden, but when she thought of the spirit he showed, she was envious of Shirone in a way.

"I know you dream of being a painter, but I wish you were a swordsman."

"I'm sending off one competitor."

"You're funny! You're not my match!"

Amy, who shouted loudly, calmed down again.

"I don't know well, but... there might be a big war in the future."

According to what she heard from Shirone, it was.

"War is always there."

"I just thought of it. If there really is such a thing as fate, there must be a reason why you were born in the Red Cross."
[Translated block]


```
What you get in return for not achieving what you desperately want is the greatest talent.

"It's called sacrifice."

Suddenly, Maya's face came to mind.

"If a war breaks out and I can help, in the end, I would be protecting her."

Perhaps that might be the closest distance to be by her side.

"...But I won't take the knight's oath."

"Ho ho! Who would accept it? Just try stabbing a sword in front of me. I'll kick your butt in front of everyone!"

"Anytime. Because that won't happen."

They were both confident.
```
Please let me know if you need help with anything else.
[Translated block]