


```text
[291] 5. All kinds of variables (5)

Zion scoffed at Amy as he looked back at her.

"Hmph, you deserve it. You shouldn't have messed with the wrong person."

"You coward! Let me go!"

"Don't worry. I'll let you go. But only after you see something good."

Zion turned halfway and gave an order to Zenoger.

"Bring me Shirone's head."

Zenoger grinned wickedly and climbed up the spider web where Shirone was tied up.

He moved freely on the wire without getting hurt, using his ability to adjust his center of gravity.

"Amy! Amy!"

Shirone called out to Amy even in the life-threatening situation.

Seeing that, Zion was more pleased. He wanted to torture Amy in front of him, but he also wanted to possess Ataraxia as soon as possible.

'Wait, where is Arius?'

He had set up the perfect trap, so it was time for him to show up.

He felt a slight anxiety, but it didn't make sense for a scale mage who could manipulate time and space to be late for the rendezvous. He probably would appear at the last moment with a flash.

'Tsk, he's making a fuss with his unnecessary theatrics. He's just all show and no substance.'

He knew his personality from the beginning anyway. Arius had a professional pride, so he would do his job properly no matter what.

Zion looked around one last time and made a gesture of cutting his throat.

Zenoger, who was pinning down Shirone, stuck out his tongue and licked his face. But Shirone didn't even look at him and shouted at Amy as hard as he could.

"Amy! Run away!"

"Kekeke, how pitiful. But you're going to die anyway."

Zenoger spread his arms and legs wide and positioned himself as if he was crushing Shirone. A thud sound came from his side, and two new arms came out from under his clothes.

Shirone's face turned pale when he saw that
[Translated block]


```
"What the hell! What happened? Who is that kid?"

"I don't know. It's definitely an Unrocker of time magic. I tried to somehow reverse it, but he kept disrupting the coordinates..."

In the reverse field of space-time, the two people attempted to flicker more than 700 times. The masked one also struggled, but in the end he was late.

'Damn. The compatibility is the worst.'

A time specialist was like a nemesis to a space specialist. No, it was the same even if you thought about it the other way around.

They were like fire and water that repelled each other.

Nevertheless, the fact that he arrived first meant that the masked one's skill was among the top among Scale Magicians.

'Who the hell is he? If he's that skilled, he should be a magician I know.'

And that's why he wore a mask.

The reason for covering his entire face was also a device to perfectly hide his identity. Anyway, if you reach that level, you can replace your vision with a Spirit Zone.

Arius had a few guesses in his head. But none of them had any plausibility to block his way in this situation.

Zion couldn't stand it and swung his gauntlet blade and approached Sirone.

"Damn it! Fine! I'll take care of it!"

"Do not approach!"

Zion flinched and stopped his steps.

He was annoyed by the fact that he was scolded rather than thinking that he had escaped from danger.

"Why? He can't move anyway."

"That's a special skill of an Unrocker of time magic, a reverse field of time. Simply put, it's a conversion of Slow magic into an Eject type."

"Eject type? Speak in a way that I can understand."

Arius thought Zion was pathetic, but he had no choice.

He had to tell him the point when he was confronting the masked one, considering that a battle would break out.

He didn't expect Zion's combat power, but depending on how he used Armand, he could be helpful.

"If you enter the reverse field, you will end up like him too."

Zion glanced at Sirone and Zenoger who were frozen in time.

It was a terrible thing to be in that state when the enemy was in front of him.

"Just don't get close. As soon as you touch it, anyone will be like that."

"Then what if that kid makes a move first?"

"That's also impossible. If the caster enters the Eject type Spirit Zone, the Eject type is released. In other words, time goes back. That masked one probably has no choice but to maintain this state."

Arius did not take his guard off from the masked one and glanced at the reverse field.

The radius was not as large as expected. But it was obvious that he was a specialist in time magic, so the time distortion must have been tremendous.

'Huh?'

Arius felt something strange and stared at the reverse field. To be exact, it was Sirone and Zenoger who were trapped in the reverse field.

'They're moving...?'

Zenoger's arm is moving.

Of course, even he with extremely delicate senses could not confirm it with his eyes, but the 'feeling' that they were moving was clearly conveyed.

'What the hell is going on?'

If he realized his opponent's skill when he chased him with flicker, it would be normal for him to apply extreme time distortion.

But at this rate, he would be able to confirm visible movement in about an hour.

'If you calculate the time to dive into the first stage mother ritual...'

Arius swallowed dry saliva.

It's not over yet.

Since his brain was not completely separated from his body, there must have been pressure from his subconsciousness, but anyway Sirone suffered a shock close to death.

And by the time he reached the first stage, Sirone's condition would get worse, so if he secured an advantageous position, he had a chance to win.

"Prince, I'll open the door."

"What? Now?"

"There is still a possibility. But coincidentally, I need some help. As soon as I go in, please follow me."

Arius activated door magic outside the reverse field. A two-meter-high oval sphere was born as the Spirit Zone materialized.
```
[Translated block]
Did I translate it correctly? Do you want me to do anything else?
[Translated block]


She also looked at the mask with a puzzled expression. She didn't think he was a bad person, but she couldn't let her guard down since she didn't know his identity.

The mask checked the status of the door. A strong energy field was emanating from the edge of the space. It was a sign that it was running out of life.

Did I translate it correctly?
[Translated block]