


```text
[491] New variable (4)

"Hmm."

Meatgun put force into his hand holding the dagger, but Ethela's strength was as strong as a machine.

In a tense situation where the blade was trembling in front of his neck, Meatgun wondered first.

'What happened? I'm sure he stopped breathing.'

Life began to rise in Ethela's eyes, which were wide open.

Yin-Yang Wave Fist Strong Body Technique.

A technique that temporarily stops breathing and increases the pressure in the abdomen to explosively increase strength.

It's just that Frankwine's attack power was so strong that he experienced a momentary cardiac arrest.

'I almost got in trouble if I was a little late.'

Ethela, who had regained consciousness completely, slowly pushed Meatgun's wrist away.

Meatgun, who felt reluctant, gave up stabbing and flew his body at the same time as Ethela's kick soared.

Meatgun, who almost suffered the same vital point as Frankwine, rubbed his crotch with a chilly feeling.

It was absolutely optional to suffer there unless he was a boss who sold his soul to the devil.

Ethela quickly got up and took a fighting stance.

The place where he was hit still swelled, but he endured the pain and straightened his waist and said as if he was shooting.

"Are you crazy? Selling your soul to the devil."

Ethela did not see Satan's existence with her eyes, but sensed it with her monk's temperament.

Otherwise, no human could contain that much evil in their body.

"I've been doing business with Boss."

Meatgun said, tilting his head to one side.

"If you can sell it, there is nothing precious."

At the same time as Ethela kicked the ground and jumped out, Meatgun also raised both fists and took a fighting stance.

As the essence of Yin-Yang Wave Fist raged like a storm, Meatgun was busy avoiding attacks without rest.

Mirror Cycle-Event Reflection.

The moment Ethela's fist hit her side, the same shock exploded from her side.

"Kuk!"

Taking advantage of that opportunity, Meatgun hit Ethela's face and her body spun like a top and retreated several meters.

"You can't touch my body."

Meatgun rubbed his fist with an attitude that he had nothing to fear and slowly approached Ethela.

His ability Mirror Cycle recognizes the body as a mirror and reflects the event itself.

This is an ability that can be manifested by distorting three fields of time and space, mind that are used in the world where he lives.

He perceives the mirror that reflects events with his mind, and distorts space to make it possible to implement that mirror.

Finally, it distorts time until the mirror is implemented in a specific space and projects the mind onto reality.

"It's an embarrassing skill that has already been broken."

To prevent event reflection, you have to break the mirror that has taken root in Meatgun's perception.

Gauld at headquarters did it, but it was still far from enough for Ethela's fist.

"It's more than enough to deal with one woman."

This time Meatgun tried to attack first.

Having realized the ability to reflect events, psychological pressure was enormous beyond effect.

But Ethela broke through her fear and countered Meatgun's attack.

In terms of boxing skills, Ethela was clearly superior, but Meatgun had no reason to avoid it.

"Hueeeeeeup!"

As all events going into Meatgun were reflected back, waves began to spread throughout Ethela's body.

As if standing in front of a mirror, Ethela fell into the illusion that she was hitting herself instead of Meatgun.

That fact conveyed that if she gave the final wave here, what would break would not be Meatgun but herself.

"Don't do it."

Meatgun's voice faded away and his whole body cells swayed as his consciousness drifted away.

'I won't give up! Must...!'

He had to stop Frankwine.

After losing to Arcane, her will toward good became stronger.
```
[Translated block]


And finally, having anticipated his enemy's will, his will filled his whole body and erased any doubt about the line.

He felt his head split open, but it was not pain but a transcendent sense of liberation.

'What is this?'

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

Ethela's fist pierced through the mirror cycle and delivered a dull impact to Meatgun's body.

Yin-Yang Wave Fist Five-Transcendence Fire Strike.

'Damn it!'

A technique that uses the power of the avatar to directly shock the opponent's avatar.

The shock wave shook Meatgun's mind beyond his body, and cracks began to appear in the mirror cycle.

He backed away, thinking it was dangerous, but his legs were already weak and wobbly.

At the same time, Ethela approached rapidly and thrust both hands into his abdomen.

The effect of the mirror cycle was still activated, but there was no hesitation in her movements that broke the mirror.

Thunder Field.

Boom!

The countless waves that had been swirling inside were swept away by a single wave, and a tremendous shock wave exploded.

Meatgun, who was hit in the abdomen, slowly lowered his fists and stood still for a long time.

He spat out a bucket of blood from his mouth, which welled up in his throat.

"Huuuuu!"

Ethela bent her waist and clenched her fists, gathering the waves that spread throughout her body.

Thanks to the shock she gave to Meatgun's mind, lowering the clarity of the mirror, but even if not, she would have attacked him in the same way.

Without that determination, she could not have stabbed him with the avatar's intensity.

Ironically, that conviction broke the enemy, and Ethela approached Meatgun, who had fallen flat on the floor.

"Don't move. You might be able to survive if I treat you now."

Meatgun did not respond.

He had never lived a life of begging for his life from anyone.

"......You're a strange woman."

Meatgun lifted his hand with difficulty and took out a disk from his inner pocket and threw it at Ethela's feet.

"Go to the boss."

Meatgun's eyes slowly closed.

"He'll probably like it."

Ethela put the disk in her chest and bowed her head toward Meatgun's corpse, mourning his death.

"Whew!"

And when she opened her eyes again, Ethela's eyes were shining much clearer than before she fought Meatgun.

'I can feel it, where he is.'

Everything became clear after awakening the avatar technique.

Frank Wine's avatar was not human.

Absolute evil.

A huge evil aura was blowing from afar from Jebul on the wind.

* * *

Rumble!

The walls of heaven were collapsing all around.

The noise that shook the heavens and earth was so loud that even if you screamed next to it, you couldn't hear it, and you couldn't see an inch ahead of you with the dust rising up.

Even in a situation where they lost their sight and hearing, the rebels' advance showed no signs of stopping.

"Sister! We're only 10 kilometers away from Arabot!"

Kanya's eyes began to light up with hope for the first time when she heard Lena's communication.

While most of the rebels had escaped to Jebul through the collapsed wall, Headquarters 1 stayed behind in Matei and continued to advance.

Matei was currently the only stronghold that could block the way to Jebul, and someone had to stay behind and block the enemy's pursuit.

'We can win! We can really win!'

Just until Arabot, just until Anke Lae, the war would end.

Lae doesn't move because he is an absolute being like the sun.

Lae would neither fight nor run away.

Kanya looked around through the multivision.

Everyone was fighting fiercely without sparing their lives, but by far the best performance was not human but machine.

Babel, an ancient weapon for archangels.

The power output from the powerful engine surpassed that of a giant, and its blade-like fingertips easily cut through tough muscles.

'Amazing. Who made that thing......'
[Translated block]


```text
Kanya stopped thinking hastily.

She also felt awe at Babel's design as a mecha, but it was impossible to admire her enemy.

-Enemy detected! It's a large army!

Kanya snapped out of it and scanned the vision.

A huge giant force filled the sight and rushed in.

"We'll take care of it! Cover us!"

As the Norr faction of 120 stopped fighting and prepared a group magic, the Kuroi faction escorted them flawlessly.

Ancient magic Estacion, which is only possible when more than 100 magicians connect their minds.

The atmosphere within a radius of 100 meters shattered and began to cut off the flesh of the giant force.

"Whew!"

Even though he was watching through vision, he felt the fierce power of magic on his skin.

"Sister! It's not working!"

Lena shouted in a frightened voice.

No one in the giant force fell even after being hit by Estacion.

The basic durability itself was different from the giants they had fought so far.

They were officers who had reached the fifth stage of Ilhwa's alcohol.

"Crush the enemies! They are just bugs!"

The giants swung their weapons and destroyed the rebel camp.

Every time the blade flashed, Kuroi was cut off and people flew left and right with just a sword wind.

-Map weapon activation. Codename Babel.

Babel, who came down to the ground, transformed into a map weapon mode.

The upper body opened wide, limbs stuck to the ground, and a huge glass ball mounted on the cannon aimed at the giants.

Puff puff puff puff puff puff puff bang!

As the light electron gun fired in bursts, holes were drilled in the flesh of the giants that filled the sight.

Kanya, of course, all the rebels watched that scene with their souls lost.

The only emotion they felt was, maybe they could win, a small but very realistic impression.

"The struggle of bugs is so terrible that I can't bear to watch."

There was one giant watching the confrontation between giants and humans on Matei's wall.

Giant army commander Girsin.

He was 3 meters tall with a black cloak fluttering and a long and wide double-edged sword in his hand.

He reached the seventh stage of Ilhwa's alcohol, which was never enough for Imir, who was at the tenth stage, but he was an absolute second-in-command of the giant race with no power to speak of.

"Imir, I will end the war on your behalf."

Girsin kicked off the wall and jumped to the ground.

As soon as he arrived, he rotated and swung his sword, and the rebels within a radius of 10 meters were split in two without knowing what they had been hit by.

"Enemy! Surround him!"

The rebels who found Girsin turned their bodies together.

They still didn't know what kind of monster they were facing, and when they realized it, their brains and bodies were already separated.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwakwakwakwa!

Girsin did not stop and rushed to the core of the rebels.

Like playing with feathers in the wind, every time he moved, humans flew around, and every time he swung his sword, blood ascended.

"Lena! Danger!"

Kanya twisted Kuroi's direction at high speed after checking with multivision.

He felt that his opponent was different from those he had fought so far just by looking at Girsin's one sword.

Girsin cut through the rebels in a straight line and reached Lena as he slashed his double-edged sword at Lena. Kanya blocked him in front and aimed his cannon at him.

"Foolish thing."

Before pulling the trigger, the cannon was cut off and immediately split into two pieces.

As the cockpit fell to the ground, a tremendous shock was transmitted, but Kanya desperately held onto his mind.

Girsin swinging his sword on all screens of multivision was visible.

"Ugh!"

At the same time as pressing the emergency escape button, Kuroi broke apart like a piece of cake.

As the chair popped out, Lena rolled on the floor without any chance to check her safety around her.

"Lena!"

Girsin passed by Kuroi torn apart and rushed toward Lena.

"Nooooo!"

At the moment when Kanya's heart stopped with Lena's life, a gray flash flew in and blocked Girsin's front.
```
[Translated block]


Kaaaaang!

The sound of iron and iron clashing was clearly heard in Kanya's ears even in the midst of the chaotic noise.

"Hoo?"

Girshin, who blocked the power of a seven-stage giant of alcohol, raised one eyebrow at the appearance of the mechanical device.

"I remember. It used to be fun."

"Babel protects Kanya and Lena."

Kanya hurriedly crawled over to Lena and hugged her sister, who had fainted from shock.

"Why?"

There was no reason for Babel to deactivate the map weapon and come to save his sister and himself in the middle of a battle.

It was a very human judgment.

In Shirone's algorithm, protecting Kanya and Lena was the third priority choice.

But that's why Babel moved.

Kanya could never know, but from the moment Girshin appeared, the first and second priorities in her head were eliminated.

And that meant, through Babel's transcendent calculation, that the probability of victory was close to zero percent.
[Translated block]