


[582] In the Name of God (1)

As the 6-day Scramble Royale passed halfway, it was getting dark.

Amy, who was returning to the hideout after confirming Iruki's summon signal, found Kaiden sitting on a rock and stopped.

He had been resting for 2 days due to injuries from Shirone, and his body was fully recovered, but the atmosphere was different from before the Scramble Royale started.

"Kaiden."

"Go."

Kaiden said without even looking at Amy.

'Kaiden has no cards.'

He participated from the beginning today, but there was no collection in the Scramble Royale.

This could also be a strategy to give Hershey a card as expected by Iruki, but there was no activity at all.

"Just let it go?"

"Yeah. It doesn't matter if you hang Kang. It would be annoying though."

It wasn't very pleasant to be ignored.

'What is he thinking?'

Kaiden was looking at the stars in the night sky.

"I keep my promises. I'm just waiting for the Scramble Royale to end."

He realized that it was impossible to kill Shirone in a group game where the combination of cards is more important than power.

"I admit that I underestimated it. It's my complete defeat. But will the same result come out next time?"

If Shirone checks the opponent's capacity and finds a solution in the shortest time, there is no reason why Kaiden can't.

"Shirone is great. The ability to control time. But now I know. The real game is after the Scramble Royale is over."

"If you do that, your life is over."

"It's already over."

Kaiden looked at the cross sword stuck in the ground.

"Maybe when I threw away the sword, the cursed fate might have started. What's different about magic? If you find something new, that's it."

Amy, who sighed, walked to where she was facing Kaiden and leaned against the tree.

"Come to think of it, it's the first time, talking alone with you in the graduation class."

The red eye of the Carmis family and the cross of the Cross family are symbolic bloodlines that elevate the status of the Kingdom of Tormia, regardless of political capacity.

Even if they are fierce rivals domestically, they often join hands when facing other countries.

"I saw it at a party when I was young."

Kaiden recalled at that time.

To the youngest student of the Kaizen Swordsmanship School, Amy was just a pathetic girl who wandered around the back alleys without doing anything.

"Huhu, but we meet at a magic school. Is this also a strange fate?"

"Confess to Maya."

Amy took her back off the tree and said.

"You're good enough. If you approach sincerely, you might change your mind. Do you have to vent like this?"

"If I get Maya's love, is it good for you too?"

Amy frowned.

"Why are you so twisted? If someone says something nice, can't you just listen nicely?"

"It doesn't sound good. Especially if it comes from the mouth of the Carmis family."

"What do you mean?"

Kaiden stood up, leaning on the handle of the cross sword.

"The cross of the Cross family allows you to maximize the talent given by fate."

"I know it's great."

"Great?"

Kaiden's lips twisted.

"In other words, you can't do anything other than the talent given by fate."

"......"

"Yeah. The red eye of the Carmis family. The ability to back up the self-image and correct errors immediately requires effort. But there is no need for effort in the cross. Because you were born to do that. But you know......"

Kaiden smiled sarcastically.

"Just because you're good at something doesn't mean you're happy. Even if it's trivial, doing what you want is happiness."

"That's an arrogant thought."

Amy recalled her childhood when she couldn't figure out what to do.
[Translated block]


"Yes. Some might say it's a rich man's complaint."

Cayden stood his cross-sword vertically.

"At first, I thought it was a blessing. Being born different from other cross-stars. Because I could be the best at anything if I wanted."

That's exactly what the Red Cross is.

"But there's a price to pay for that. Sacrifice. You understand, Carmis?"

Cayden's face crumpled.

"If I truly want, I can't be the best."

He wanted to be an artist.

"The woman I truly love!"

The blackness disappeared from Cayden's eyes.

"She will never love me!"

'Live...!'

Amy jumped up.

"I'm a bastard of fate! I was born with a cursed fate that can never be happy! So I'll kill! I'll kill Shirone who took away the woman I love!"

Cayden twisted his body like a demon and spread his energy.

"Do you know the feeling of just doing well? In reality, you can't do anything miserable?"

Amy shouted out loud.

"What do I know! It's your life, you live it!"

Cayden's forehead narrowed.

"If you're frustrated and complaining, I'll listen to you all night, but people who ruin other people's lives don't even have the right to whine!"

"......Move. It's your last chance."

"I can't move. There's no need to go to Shirone. I'll punish the eyesore that interferes with my love life. That's my way of life."

"You'll regret challenging the Cross, Carmis."

Blue lightning wrapped around the cross-sword.

"I'll never regret it. Because Carmis has to do what he wants to do to get his anger out."

Flames of a thousand degrees rose around Amy.

The eyes of a magic swordsman and a gunner who can operate magic and schema at the same time collided......

'Lightning Impact!'

Without anyone going first, they both rushed towards each other.

'Flame Strike!'

The two bloodlines that are called the best in the kingdom clashed head-on.

* * *

The fifth Scramble Royal was summoned.

It was a boon to the Shirone team that Anchar retired, but it was anxious that Amy did not attend the mid-summons.

Moreover, the whereabouts of Nade are still unknown.

In the midst of unknown events happening one after another, no one could gauge which way the balance of the game was tilting.

'All you have to do is what you can do. Let's check Pisho!'

Sabina, who was assigned the task of hindering the scramble collection of the coalition team, immediately infiltrated deep into the enemy lines.

'What?'

A sinister energy felt the cold air from all around.

'Prings!'

Since it was decided to avoid him when he met him, Sabina immediately cast teleportation.

"Ugh!"

But the escape route was already completely blocked.

'An incredibly huge chill. Where did it come from?'

"I got you, Sabina."

Prings revealed himself, breaking the frozen leaves on his face.

Can such a malicious emotion be revealed on a human face?

The moment she saw him out of his mind, Sabina had no other thoughts and cast Shining Magic.

'Rescue signal!'

Three flares that soared into the sky collided with the dome, which was already blocked by an ice wall, and were reflected.

Prings was found and the air was completely frozen in less than 3 seconds.

"You don't have to worry. I won't make you angry anymore."

Prings changed the way he satisfied his desires.

"It doesn't matter what your feelings are. Whether it's unpleasant or pleasant."

Now humans were just dolls that screamed when he pressed a button.

"I'll twist you."

The moment the words ended, Sabina exploded in rotation.

'Air Flower.'

Forty air cuts per second spread in all directions, scratching the inner wall of the dome, but Prings narrowed the distance by penetrating the dense gaps.

'I got it!'

Sabina's eyes sparkled, and the direction of rotation reversed instantly, and the air rushed towards her.
[Translated block]


"Suction?"

Air Crash!

The atmosphere rotated like a giant propeller, grinding the dome from the inside.

"Is there one way?"

Ice Wave!

Ice surged like a blade from the bottom of Prings' feet, covering Sabina.

Kakakakakaka!

Even while the ice was shattered by the propeller of the atmosphere, Prings did not stop the magic.

"Ugh!"

As the battle of techniques turned into a battle of magical power, Sabina's rotation speed began to decrease.

'I'm freezing.'

Prings' magic, which revealed its true colors, soared without limit.

Five minutes later.

Sabina wriggled, twisted like a doughnut, with her two legs buried in the ice that had risen.

"Eek!"

"You held out quite well, but...."

When Prings stepped on the air, a pillar of ice sprouted and made stairs.

"My thirst has only increased."

"Ugh!"

Prings, who had climbed up to Sabina's height, grabbed her face with his hand.

"Are you scared? What do you think I'm going to do to you?"

Suddenly realizing, he took his hand off Sabina's face.

"Right. What if I just let you go? Isn't that fun too?"

As Sabina glared, Prings' mouth grotesquely tore.

"Of course, that won't happen."

"Pervert!"

"You seem to have never seen a real pervert...."

Ice froze at the tip of Prings' hand, curling like a beast's claw.

"Stop."

Prings, who was about to clutch her slender neck, stopped his action, and Sabina turned her head.

"...Nade?"

Nade, who had not been seen since yesterday, was standing in the shadow of the forest with her head bowed.

"Finally, the hero's appearance? But what to do? Even if you come, Sabina is already finished."

Dududududu!

Feeling the vibration through the ice pillar, Prings looked down at the ground, where blue electricity was swarming.

'Ice doesn't conduct electricity.'

Water implemented by magic is also an insulator unless it is given an ion battery, a specialty of hydropower.

Feeling strange for a moment, the metal fragments buried underground rotated and completely ground the ice pillar.

'Now!'

Sabina, who seized the opportunity, teleported and escaped from Prings' magic.

"Nade! What happened....!"

"Don't come!"

Nade shouted without raising her face.

"Just go. And don't come here again."

Sabina, who knew Nade's secret, could not turn her feet.

"But Nade...."

"We promised. Please."

Nade is still Nade.

That's why she could come to save her, revealing her true face in front of Sabina.

"Okay. Be careful."

Sabina turned her feet towards Nade and quickly left the battlefield.

"Hmm."

Prings, who had been watching with blinking eyes, twisted his mustache.

"This is interesting."

"...Yeah?"

"Why do you think I let her go? I've always been curious. So, in other words, you're saying you'll sacrifice yourself for a woman. Then what happens if you reverse that?"

Nade still didn't move.

"I'll torture you to the brink of death. And make you beg. Rather, torture Sabina. Huh? Wouldn't it be fun? Is that so?"

"...Kang. Won't you do it?"

"Kang?"

"That's why... collecting cards... I was late."

Prings checked the master card and confirmed that it was the same hand as Nade.

"Yeah, I won't. So you, you wasted your time. Hahahahaha! This is totally funny!"

"I'm glad."

Prings' laughter stopped abruptly.

"I hate to bother my friends."

Finally, Nade crossed the darkness of the forest and stepped towards Prings.

"Hehe, it's pitiful. You're about to cause a huge trouble to your friends...."

Prings' expression hardened the moment he saw Nade's face.
[Translated block]


"You......"

"Well, let's get started."

Vroom!

A tremendous roar shook the mountain.

"Nade!"

Sabina, who was descending the mountain, quickly turned her body and looked at the summit.

"My, my goodness......"

Giant electric bunches were sprouting like hair, devastating the area.
[Translated block]