


[613] The Hottest Place (2)

* * *

Shirone, who went up to the 18th floor of the Magic Association, walked down the corridor, recalling his old memories.

Nothing had really changed, but the atmosphere was a bit more solemn, perhaps because the owner of the association had changed.

He arrived at the chairman's office and knocked, but there was no answer.

Unable to open the door first, he waited, and an employee approached and said,

"He's in there. The chairman is in a meeting right now. He'll be right over when it's over."

"Yes."

As he slowly opened the door and entered, he saw Luphiste's room.

As befitting the nickname of the Steel Archmage, not only the documents but also the decorations were made of iron.

It was a natural thing to think about how the element of omnipotence in magic works.

Shirone, sitting in the chair, anxiously rubbed his palms and waited.

It was only two hours later that the door opened and Luphiste and Secretary General Jane entered.

It was natural for Gauld and Kangnan to overlap in his eyes, and his first impression was that they were much colder than them.

"Hello. I'm Arian Shirone."

Luphiste passed by Shirone indifferently and said,

"Get out."

Not knowing who he was referring to, he stood still, and Jane closed the door and left.

"Sit down. You're a sphere, right?"

Shirone had been aware of Luphiste's gaze in the square.

"Yes. It's an honor to be called."

"There's no need for that. I know you're on Gauld's side."

He had performed a mission together in heaven, but he had not exchanged ally-like emotions with Gauld.

"No, not to the point of being on his side...."

"Right, Gauld doesn't have sides. He tries to do everything by himself. But it's a fact that you're emotionally closer to Gauld than me."

There was no need for Shirone to explain if he had already figured everything out.

"Do you feel confident about this graduation exam?"

"I will do my best. I will definitely become a wizard."

It was an answer like a memorization, but in front of Luphiste, he had no choice but to put strength in his voice.

"You think I'm your enemy."

"Isn't that so?"

He had already fought with Gauld once, so he was not intimidated even in front of the chairman, and Luphiste also smirked at the corners of his mouth.

"Maybe so. You're on Gauld's side, and I'm the chairman of the association who has to play a power game with countries around the world. The moment the association embraces you, Thor Mia will be checked by a great power."

He had already expected it, but his heart burned when he heard it from the chairman's mouth.

"I won't be used. I will decide my future."

"Of course you should. But no choice is free. It's a delusion that you're free to choose one of red and blue. You don't even know who suggested red and blue. That's the system."

A part cannot surpass the whole.

"Do you have something to say that you called me?"

In front of the unpleasant truth, Shirone's voice rose.

"Let's make a deal. I guarantee you the maximum freedom. And safety too."

It was not a bad suggestion.

"What do I have to do to get that?"

"Drop out early in the graduation exam."

"What?"

"Of course, you'll be thinking of a solution in your own way. But there's nothing easier than my suggestion. Drop out. And miserably. It's about revealing to the world that you're actually a nobody. Of course, there will be people who know it's a show, but people tend to believe what they see. That alone will significantly reduce the risk factors."

"But then...."

"I'll guarantee everything after that. I'll get you a wizard's license, and I'll even get you a public recognition from the king. Then come into the association and work for the kingdom. I've given preferential treatment to Fludo and Isabel. You don't have to worry about your treatment."

If he drops out of the graduation exam, he gets everything.

"Choose well. If you accept my offer, that's the end of it. Forget about the exam or anything, go home, get a good night's sleep, pack your bags and come up. I guarantee you, no matter how much you perform in the graduation exam, you won't get this much treatment."
[Translated block]


The words of Lupist hurt Shiron's heart.

"You are definitely a time bomb that can cause the tragedy of the world. But it's only natural that I want to keep and manage you by my side if you're going to explode anyway. And I have the ability to manage. Only if you help me a little."

It was a terrible failure in the graduation exam.

"I refuse."

Lupist was not surprised.

"Why?"

"You said there is no free choice. I don't think so. Isn't not choosing anything also a choice?"

"That's a denial of the whole."

"Then I will fight the whole."

Lupist leaned back in his chair and half-closed his eyes.

"Do you think you have a chance?"

"The odds don't matter. Isn't it a wizard to do what I believe is right?"

Shiron wanted to be a wizard.

"If you mean that, I can't help it. Don't hesitate to drop out if you change your mind. The graduation exam hasn't even started yet."

"Thank you for your concern."

Shiron left the room without showing any disarray until the end.

"Phew."

As he sighed in the hallway, he finally felt real.

'Did I do well?'

If the graduation exam is a mess, the feeling will be more miserable, but there should be no regrets no matter what the result is.

"Is the talk over?"

Secretary General Jane approached.

"Yes."

"Then go to the annex on the first floor. There will be a dinner party from 5:30."

She didn't ask anything.

"Thank you. I'll go."

Jane, who confirmed that Shiron turned the corner, entered the chairman's office.

You could tell by the look on her face that the negotiations had broken down.

"I told you it wouldn't work."

Lupist grumbled, leaning his chin.

"Surpass the whole as a single. Is it possible?"

Jane looked back at the door.

"He's an Ultima."

"But Gaia failed."

As Lupist got up, Jane's head turned back.

"What are you going to do? He's a talent too precious to be taken away by other countries."

"There's no rush. It's food that's hard to digest. It's not bad to watch for now."

Lupist, who approached the door, looked back at Jane.

"Should have started by now. Video recorder?"

"I've installed it without any blind spots. There won't be a big accident. If you think about it."

"Where can I see it?"

"Go to the central control room and ask. But what are you going to do watching the students play?"

Lupist raised one corner of his mouth.

"It's a shame to just let it go after all the trouble."

* * *

Although it was called an annex, the association building was so large that even if all 150 students entered, the center was empty.

Under the light pouring down from hundreds of chandeliers, the delicacies of each country shone brightly.

Some ate and some enjoyed, but most of the students representing the royal family were pouring their spirits into an invisible nerve war with students from other schools.

Among them, the one who received the most arrows was none other than Alpheus Magic School.

"Miss, I have prepared a party dress. Please listen to my request. It's a party with the same clothes as the nobles."

'I'm annoyed.'

The trainees dispatched from Wangseong surrounded Pony, and she didn't even know where she was standing.

"Stop and go back. I am not a royal family, but I am attending as a representative of a magic school. I have no privileges."
[Translated block]
 Rapid series of hydro magic.

Special note: Royal bloodline.

"Ha, I'm annoyed."

When Pony, who felt a headache, moved quickly, the practitioners chased after him.

"In some ways... a little pitiful."

Maya, who was watching with a glass of alcohol, muttered.

"There's nothing as unhappy as a predetermined destiny."

When he turned his head at the voice heard from the side, Kaiden was standing there.

It seemed like the first time he had spoken to her while attending school.

"Good night, Maya. Shall we toast?"

Maya stared at the liquid in the glass that Kaiden held out, trembling.

"Why are you so nervous? Your hand seems to be shaking."

"Is that so? I don't know."

Although he said so, the trembling became more severe as he began to be conscious with his head.

"It's strange. It seems to be shaking...."

"Why would I shake my hand?"

Maya pointed at the glass at the amplitude of Kaiden, who seemed to shake the glass.

"The alcohol is overflowing and spilling."

"That's strange. I don't know."

"......"

Maya, who was watching Kaiden not even looking at the glass, awkwardly raised the corners of her mouth.

"Well, then. Have a good time."

And she immediately turned her body and left the seat as if running away.

'He's weird. Is he teasing me? I should avoid him in the future.'

Kaiden, whose trembling had stopped, put down the glass and smiled sadly.

"I guess... the Red Cross isn't going to work?"

"You fell asleep talking about the Red Cross!"

Amy pinched Kaiden's side.

"Ouch! What, all of a sudden?"

"You're a total softie. What woman would see you as a crazy guy if you treat her like that?"

Kaiden grumbled, rubbing his sore side.

"Why are you interfering in other people's affairs? You know it's not going to work anyway."

"That's assuming you're normal. What are you doing, go quickly. Apologize to Maya that it was a joke."

Kaiden's gaze found Maya standing alone in the crowd.

"Really... can I?"

"Are you proposing? And don't take the alcohol. You can't even drink a glass, but you're cool...."

"Okay, I'll try."

After taking a deep breath, Kaiden approached Maya again.

"Excuse me...."

Only after seeing the terrified eyes of Maya did he realize the reality.

"I'm sorry. It was a joke earlier. I just wanted to talk."

Maya's face brightened up quickly.

"Aha, I thought so! I thought you were weird. But it was fun."

When the feared horror did not happen in reality, Kaiden regained his confidence.

"Did you finish preparing for the exam well?"

"Yeah. I have a good feeling. The advice I heard from Iruki in the first half of the year helped a lot."

He was a genius who couldn't even dare to dream of Kaiden of the Red Cross in terms of artistic sensibility, even though his magical talent was lacking.

"I'm going to try it my way this time. I'll hit the limit someday, but now my goal is to graduate."

The future of the lack of mystery was in Maya's hands.

Mystic Maya (final ranking 28th in the graduating class).

"......"
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]