


[591] The Incident of That Day (2)

* * *

The stop magic was cast, and the incident that manifested in the form of a specific structure of Istas surfaced above the water.

&lt;Incident Coordinates&gt;

Time: 0 o'clock 0 minutes.

Space: Istas Warehouse No. 72.

A woman entered through the entrance in the interior of Istas, which was reproduced exactly as it was 19 years ago.

It was Miro, who looked no different from now, and she was holding a newborn baby in her arms.

She, who was staring at the passage with a serious expression as if she had taken on the burden of the world, turned around and asked.

"How much time do I have?"

"......"

Someone outside the door spoke, but the reason the sound did not come over was that he was outside the incident.

"Don't worry. I will definitely succeed."

Miro pledged to him.

"If I can't return in time, just close the time. I won't blame you."

Someone outside the door seemed to be talking for a long time, and she stood for a long time, then nodded her head and turned her body.

"Yolga."

At the point when 3 minutes had passed since the incident started, it was the last word she spat out as she left Warehouse No. 72 of Istas.

&lt;Incident Coordinates&gt;

Time: 2 hours 42 minutes.

Space: Istas Warehouse No. 72.

Shirone and Ancharl set foot in Istas by opening the door of Warehouse No. 72.

It was a sight that was now too familiar, but today they were excited to the point of their hearts bursting.

"Hoo."

Shirone, who took a deep breath, turned to Ancharl and asked.

"But who cast the stop magic? Unless Armin came here."

"It must be Fermi's extralegal meal. The incident in the upper layer is hidden in one coordinate of space-time. When time stops, it separates and appears in time and space."

To them, the incident that was replayed like reality was a moment for people outside.

"If we cast a time bomb here......"

Before Shirone's words were finished, Ancharl grabbed his wrist and pulled it.

"Hide."

When they stuck to the wall and spread out the camouflage magic, an illusion that looked exactly like the wall appeared and hid them.

A moment later, Miro, who was covered in blood all over her body and her arms hanging weakly, entered Warehouse No. 72.

Her expression was somewhat dull and her steps were heavy, but her eyes were clear.

'Miro? What happened?'

Miro suddenly stopped walking, but Ancharl calmly watched her.

'It's okay. There's no way we'll be found.'

The ability of Majangan to realize illusions as real things was a technique that realized the realm of Hanya, and even Miro could not easily detect it.

"Shirone."

At Miro's call, Shirone's shoulders twitched.

"Don't come. No matter what you're thinking, you must never come here."

At the thought of having a conversation with Miro, Shirone moved his steps towards the wall, but Ancharl grabbed his shoulder.

'It's not yet. It's not good to get involved in the incident from the beginning.'

Kurururung!

Then, Istas vibrated and the position of the structure began to change.

Miro quickly turned her body and shouted.

"This idiot......!"

Before her words were finished, Miro's figure gradually faded and disappeared like a lie.

The vibration stopped, and Ancharl canceled the illusion magic and said.

"The structure of Istas has changed. In other words, Warehouse No. 72 is no longer an entrance."

"Does that mean the incident changes when the space changes?"

Ancharl nodded her head.

"The incident in the upper layer is a record engraved in a specific time, a specific space. If one of the two changes, the incident does not occur. But from now on, it will be different. The fact that the warehouse moved means that it has already taken a different route from the original incident."

"Who moved the warehouse?"

"It could be Fermi......"

Ancharl looked back at Shirone.

"Or maybe it's you."

Shirone did not understand her words.

"But I just came in, right? How can I move the warehouse?"
[Translated block]
 1 hour 17 minutes.

Space: Istas Warehouse 14.

As soon as he left the warehouse door, a powerful explosion sounded.

"What?"

As he turned his head, the scenery of the warehouse painted with blood greeted Shirone.

"Uaaaaaaa!"

"Chase him! Never let him go!"

Shirone's eyes widened.

'That's the voice from that time!'

When he confirmed the identity of the voice he heard when he first cast a time bomb in Istas, a man wearing a claw bent like an eagle's talon on his wrist was chasing after Miro.
[Translated block]
"Who are you? You?" Miro, holding the child, detached herself from the wall.

"Miro?" Sydney quickly regained her composure and stopped in her tracks.

The Mars 2nd Battalion, which had been chasing her just a moment ago, was brutally slaughtered and scattered on the warehouse floor.

'The battle is over.'

"I asked who you are? If you're from Mars, I'll kill you."

Sydney quickly pulled up her hood.

"No! I'm a student at the magic school!"

It was the best answer to reassure Miro.

"A student? Couldn't you get out?"

If she was a student of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society, there was a good chance she had come in before Geofin cut off the timeline.

"Poor thing. Unfortunately, you should settle your life. You can't get out of here."

Miro, relieved, leaned back against the wall and sat down again.

Sydney approached, looking at the child who was still peacefully asleep in Miro's arms.
[Translated block]
"No. I came to see Mr. Miro."

"Me?"

Miro, with a tired face, turned his head.
[Translated block]