


[499] Despair. Despair (2)

Despair. Despair(2)

Tier 2 monster, Puraka.

A giant reptile with three heads that spewed fire, venom, and electricity from each horn. It was the strongest monster.

It was a monster that boasted the most powerful attack magic among Zulu's summoning magic, and Puraka did not shrink even against the Triangular Mara Kali.

A cloud of venom spread and a flash of lightning flashed in a place full of the color of fire.

The black shadow-like body of Kali, with wallpaper-like patterns engraved on it, was revealed every time the wind blew.

The swirl-like pattern absorbed Puraka's magic and emitted it as black smoke.

It was the breath of death.

"You are foolish, human."

Kali swung the sword of death and cut off Puraka's three necks at once and rushed towards Zulu.

Kali's four weapons, sword, shield, whip, and skull, each symbolized death, and their effects were cutting, disease, pain, and decay, none of which were fatal to humans.

"I will take your life."

Kali's whip wrapped around Zulu's wrist and a severe pain was transmitted.

The disappearance of Puraka's corpse meant that the contract was broken.

But Zulu's expression did not change.

She does not reveal anything.

Expression is a way of communication that is only possible when there is someone to watch.

Even in a state of being wrapped in a whip of pain, Zulu remained calm.

"You are a despicable human."

It's not that she endures or doesn't show it.

It was as if there was a hole in the abyss in her heart and all emotions were sucked into it.

"Anyway, death comes."

Kali rushed forward with a skull in front of him, swinging his sword and shield.

As the disease worsened Zulu's body and decayed her cells, the black sword drew a strange trajectory and aimed at Zulu's neck.

Postmetry.

A golden space-time bird soared to the ceiling and the blade passed through Zulu's neck as it was.

Zulu, who had escaped to another space-time, retreated to the end of the trailer while escaping from the whip wrapped around her wrist.

It is impossible for a normal human to concentrate while being wrapped in a whip of pain.

Kali thought again about the human named Zulu.

'He is severely deprived.'

Absolute denial.

She denies pain.

She denies death.

She even denies herself.

There is no clear entity for her who stands at the center of circulation, and therefore pain is not real either.

It was completely opposite to Gaold's extreme temperament, and therefore inhuman.

Chuk chuk chuk chuk chuk chuk chuk.

The only change that could be seen from Zulu looking at Kali was the gradually faster sound of sucking on the pacifier nipple.

"It's unfortunate, human. How did you fall into that state?"

'Do I have to give up my life?'

It was a ridiculous strategy, but the first thought that came to Zulu's mind was just that.

Chuk.

With one sharp sound, Zulu stopped sucking on the pacifier nipple.

As the reason that circulated everything stopped, Zulu's real face was revealed for the first time.

'Isn't it really amazing.'

Kali realized that what he had been fighting against until now was nothing but a shell of a human named Zulu.

Zulu's entity hidden in the never-ending flow of circulation was similar to Kali, who was called the god of death.

Dark and mysterious in some ways, Middle Eastern words flowed out of Zulu's mouth like the first verse of a song.

"The most fearful thing for humans is not death."

Kali understood Zulu's language as if he had learned it from birth.

"Is that so? Then what is the most fearful thing for you?"

"Life with death on your back."

Zulu equipped his contract.

"Erga."
[Translated block]


A black bird was summoned and landed on Zulu's shoulder.

The 10-tier monster she first summoned at the age of three.

Cali looked puzzled by the appearance of the small and insignificant summon.

"Do you want to face me with just that?"

Zulu ignored her and spoke.

"Humans are strange beings who deny death even though they know it. In fact, there is no death in their lives. They are humans who think that nothing will happen even though they know that they can die at any moment for some reason."

"Are you saying that you are not like that?"

"Death is......"

Zulu turned her head as she looked at Erga's wing flapping above her head.

There was an indescribable gloomy energy swirling in her eyes.

"It was always on my back."

"Nonsense."

Cali took a stance to charge again with a skull in front of her.

Then Erga blocked Zulu's front and opened his wide beak and followed Zulu's words.

"Death was always on my back."

Cali's advance stopped.

It was because Erga's voice was exactly the same as Zulu's voice.

"This monster is the first creature I succeeded in summoning. His name is Erga."

"So? Do you want to die together with him at the end?"

"Summoning magic is done through a medium called Sangsa. There are three stages of Sangsa: engraving, empathy, and extinction."

Zulu looked coldly at Erga, who was pecking his beak around him.

"Erga was the first creature to come to me. We were always together. That's engraving. We got to know each other well. That's empathy. And finally......"

When Zulu turned her head back to Cali, her face was already abnormal.

Extreme loneliness.

Like the landscape of a planet where no one had ever visited since its birth, there was nothing on her expression.

Cali realized what the identity of the discomfort she felt when she first showed her appearance was.

There is no love.

She was a human made of perfect affection deprivation.

"Shall I tell you an interesting fact?"

Blood tears began to flow under Zulu's clenched eyes.

"I was three years old at the time. I don't know exactly, but maybe around that time. And I......"

Erga's black body began to crumble with a thud.

The black lump that was crushed like minced meat wriggled unpleasantly and then began to unravel like a roll of paper into a huge body.

Kieeeeeeeee!

A bizarre scream that shook Zion erupted as a 10-meter-tall death god revealed his identity.

The robe had an unusually long waist and bowed his head.

The eerie skeleton fingers hanging from the long sleeves were creepy.

The robe, which had a light absorption rate close to 100 percent, looked like a hole in space.

He is called a 1-tier monster, the death mage, but Zulu had never encountered a lich in her life.

Therefore, the lich was soon her own self projected by the avatar of her desire.

The distorted desire of killing cruelly the first life she met was projected as an existence.

"Erga!"

Zulu's face, holding her chest and shedding blood tears, represented the face of the lich hidden in the robe as if it had lost its soul.

Hoooooo!

Cali felt a strange emotion from the lich.

The huge fear that she could only encounter from her master, Piel.

Death is the end of life, but not everything.

The true end is beyond death. Eternal loneliness.

The loneliness emanating from the lich made Cali tremble.

"Ergaaaaaa!"

Zulu's voice sounded faintly as if it came from hell, but it was also stimulating.

I killed him.

I took his life because I thought he would stay with me forever, and I cruelly strangled my first friend's neck.
[Translated block]


```
"This can't be."

Kali swung her four weapons simultaneously with a fierce expression.

"No human can overcome the fear of death."

Death is the ruler of all living things.

"Perish!"

Kali's sword cut through Lich's robe, but it was her sword that was cut instead.

There is nothing to cut in the empty void.

Hoooooo!

Lich stretched out his ghastly hands and enveloped Kali.

* * *

"This is quite... interesting."

The Nephilim Nameless, who was born between the Angel of Achievement and Garas, was muttering something outside the curtain of stop that Armin had spread.

The realm of light speed, which only he was estimated to have reached in Armin's world.

It was a realm that was beyond dozens of barriers even for Nameless, who was born with endless ambition.

But for him, who had far superior insight than humans, the barriers were only a matter of time.

"Oh. Aha. I see."

He nodded his head from time to time with his sword stretched out, and Armin felt a chill.

He didn't take any action, but every time he saw his eyes shining, he was sure.

Growth? Awakening? Evolution?

He was approaching at a speed that was impossible to explain with any human concept, chewing and swallowing the realms.

'Damn it! At this rate...!'

As Armin thought of taking a gamble, a dark wind rushed in next to Nameless.

Clang!

Nameless easily blocked Kuan's attack with his sword and launched a counterattack.

His face, which pushed Kuan back, was extremely calm, as if an old scholar who had been immersed in research had gone out for a breeze.

'You bastard.'

Kuan didn't like his expression.

He had sleepy eyes in a situation where he was risking his life with swordplay.

Was the clash of swords nothing but childish play to Nameless?

'Do you take swords lightly?'

Kuan vibrated as he pulled out gravity from all sides.

His body, which vibrated left and right, passed by Nameless at some point.

"Cough!"

Dozens of scars appeared on Kuan's body and blood spurted out.

He rolled on the floor and regained his balance, looking at Nameless incredulously.

"This... it was too shallow."

Nameless shook off the blood on his blade and turned his head.

"Next time it will be deeper."

Kuan's teeth grinded in his clenched mouth.

The dozens of small wounds he got in exchange for not allowing a fatal blow were rather mocking his pride in swordsmanship.

Kuan jumped up as soon as Nameless rushed in.

The two swordsmen who collided head-on seemed to be competing for a moment, but after only a few seconds, wounds began to appear on Kuan's body again.

Shina, who had been watching the battle inside the curtain of stop, quickly got up.

"We have to go out!"

Kuan couldn't suppress Nameless with his skills.

Even if he had to steal his skills, it was the best decision to settle the match in the early stages.

At that moment, Armin hugged Shina's waist and dragged her down to the floor.

"Brother?"

"......"

Shina realized what he was thinking from his silence.

"Brother! Let go of this!"

But no matter how hard she struggled, Armin didn't let go of Shina.

Nameless, who had already conquered flicker magic, would not let go of all three of them here.

If Kuan could somehow create an opportunity, it would be best to run away with Shina.

"Brother! Brother!"

Shina shook her body more violently trying to peel off Armin.

But at some point she stopped moving and stared at the front with wide eyes.

A smile appeared on Nameless' lips as he cut past Kuan.

"Aha, this is it."

Kuan turned around with a bitter expression after showing his back for a moment.

Finally, a fatal blow. Kuan's side burst open and crimson blood spurted out like a fountain.
```
[Translated block]


"Sigh."

A sigh of anger escaped his mouth.

"I'm going crazy."
[Translated block]