


[653] Air of Life (2)

"The end?"

As Shiro asked, blinking his eyes, Austin handed him the note again.

"What is this?"

"It's a map of the sewer in the basement of Mr. Brooks' mansion. Estelle entrusted me with the guide, but I don't think I can leave here."

Most of the horses had already died, and there had been a bombing that made an entire cliff disappear, so the surviving horses had fled.

Shiro checked the map.

It wasn't as detailed as a blueprint, but looking at the route, it was clear that one could easily get lost if they entered unknowingly.

"You'll probably find out, but our guild handles all the letters to Mr. Brooks. I don't think you need any advice, but remember this. A request is entirely dependent on the conditions of the requester. Don't worry about anything other than delivering the letter. This map will help. When you reach the end of the sewer, Mr. Brooks' aide will guide you."

Shiro raised his head and asked.

"What will you do, Mr. Austin?"

"I have to clean up here. I'll collect your spoils for you. Of course, I'll take 10 percent as a commission."

He didn't particularly plan to collect the spoils, but it would be foolish to give up the reward.

"Yes. Then I'll ask you."

Knowing that many organizations were aiming for Armand, Shiro had no intention of going on the established mountain path, so he readily accepted.

"It will take time to clean up and follow. This is a favor, but please stop by the Silver Ring headquarters as much as possible after completing the request."

The guild is sensitive to information, especially in such cases, rumors spread across the country as if they had wings.

By the time Shiro arrives in the capital, many guilds will try to capture him.

The reason Austin gave up the guide was because it was better to collect the spoils if he couldn't do it by himself.

"Don't worry. I know the importance of trust."

Austin smiled bitterly.

"That's why I'm more anxious."

Shiro knew how strong he was, but from Austin's point of view, he was still a rookie who didn't know what he could do with that strength.

"Trust...."

In this world, trust is just a concept of insurance for the weak.

In the world of the guild where strength is everything, Shiro is a person who doesn't even need to mention trust.

"You should go quickly if you want to get into the capital before the sun sets. Let's get started."

"Yes. Be careful, Mr. Austin."

"Oh, and."

Just before Shiro and Lian entered the mountain, Austin called out.

"It would be good to investigate Mr. Brooks to some extent before completing the request when you arrive in the capital."

It was just a matter of delivering a letter, but it was an old man's worry.

Even a small variable like Shiro doing a task that anyone could do could turn this world into a mess.

Shiro, who had been lost in thought for a moment, smiled as if he understood and nodded his head.

"Yes. Don't worry."

'Well, who am I to worry about?'

As Shiro and Lian entered the mountain, Austin began to cut the throats of the bandit leaders with a long sword he picked up.

The third reset, the Great Purification.

End of Shiro's 5 Bandit Extermination Incident.

* * *

Running on the mountain path with Armand's ability, Shiro's speed was agile like a mountain beast, and he jumped over a mountain in 20 minutes.

When they saw the outer wall of the capital and the posture of the royal castle built near the center, Lian suggested.

"Shiro, let's wash up before we go in."

It was not a good thing to smell blood in a place running at the forefront of civilization.

"Shall we?"

Shiro, who had looked at the mountain terrain with fly magic, arrived at a place with a small lake with Lian.

Is this fate, or is it the result of cause and effect.
[Translated block]


"There was La Enemy there.

Sitting on a rock by the lake, lowering one leg, he was a handsome man with distinct features on a rough skin unique to Middle Easterners.

His eyes, which seemed to contain everything or nothing, and his straight, closed lips were subtle enough to be interpreted as either joy or sadness.

"It's cold, are you okay?"

Shirone asked as she passed the rock where La was sitting.

"This cold is nothing. By the way, it seems like you don't need to wash? There's no blood on you."

"No, I still want to wash. My head is complicated because I fought."

Cold water friction was the best way to clear your mind.

When Shirone turned Armand into the shape of a sword and threw it on the ground, La turned her gaze there and tilted her head.

In the meantime, the two men who had taken off their clothes jumped into the lake.

"Ugh, it's cold, it's cold."

While Shirone was hugging her arms and shaking her body, Lian dived deep into the water and popped out.

"Phew! It's cool."

Shirone stared at Lian, who was washing her face with a frown.

It must have been peace of mind reached after many battles, but the Lian she knew was not an indifferent killer.

"Lian, how do you win?"

The hand that was washing stopped abruptly.

"I've never won. I just... don't think about anything."

"Don't think about anything?"

"There's no right answer to the problem. Whether they are evil or good, once they draw their swords, they decide not to hesitate. That's how you decide."

Lian soaked herself in the lake.

"Shirone, there is no situation where you can kill. The opposite situation is the same. It's the same as deciding whether to drink a glass of water. What's important is responsibility. I decided to carry it, so I don't think."

La, who was listening, nodded her head.

"Responsibility for life."

Lian looked down, holding the water.

"A person born with one life erases several other lives. It's very unfair. Whether they are who they are, we can't deny that our actions have broken the balance."

Lian looked back at Shirone.

"So, Shirone, let's mourn. For life itself."

That's how it goes on endlessly.

"Yeah."

While Shirone and Lian closed their eyes and meditated, the winter wind blew fiercely.

The moment La, who was lost in thought looking at the sky, smiled.

'What?'

Shirone's eyes popped open.

'I'm sure someone was there.'

Even if Elysion was activated, nothing was caught.

The world that humans speak of is probably nothing more than a total of five senses.

But just now, Shirone felt as if she had been equipped with a sensory organ that perceives the world in a completely new way and then disappeared.

"Why, Shirone? You don't look good."

"No, it's nothing. Let's go."

Shirone, who had thrown away thoughts about nothing, came up to the ground and changed her clothes.

La, who had been watching from just 1 meter away, slowly turned her body and opened the way when Shirone approached.

"I hope we arrive before the rumors spread."

* * *

When they arrived in Bashuka, the sun was setting.

Before joining the not-so-long line, Shirone took out the letter she received from Estera.

"I guess I need to know what it's about."

Austin's suggestive advice was on her mind when she first received the request.

"But it's encrypted, isn't it?"

"I have to try to decipher it."

Although the personally combined password is not professional, it is rather difficult to decipher, but you can roughly taste the contents through the Ultima system.

"Can you accept any information in an integrated way?"

"Yeah. It's like a language before language. It's quite convenient."

The fact that she deciphered the intention of the red sword thief Mari with the Ultima system was also thanks to the deciphering of the bird sound flute.
[Translated block]


As Shiro put the letter in an envelope and tucked it away, Lian asked.

"What does it say? Is it dangerous?"

"No, not really. Just personal stuff."

Lian, not one to be interested in other people's private lives, didn't ask any further.

Even though it was a trip for just the two of them, as a magician and a noble, they could easily pass through the city gates, and Shiro collected information about Brooks as Austin had advised.

They were able to hear about it at a weapon shop after visiting several stores.

"Mr. Brooks? Why are you guys looking for him? Are you mercenaries?"

"No, we're magicians."

"Ah, you're from the Silver Ring Guild."

The shop owner nodded as if he had a hunch.

"Mr. Brooks is a mercenary broker."

According to the owner, he was a good businessman, and there were only seven large organizations that had officially contracted with him.

"In Thormia, there's hardly a mercenary who hasn't gone through Mr. Brooks. But I'm not sure if he's home today. He's a very busy man."

'A mercenary broker...'

What Austin had been worried about was right here.

It was natural for a businessman on the front lines of the battlefield to have strict security at his mansion.

In order to infiltrate without being caught by anyone, even after seeing the contents of the letter decrypted by the Ultima system, it was essential to have the ability to infiltrate.

'If we go through the sewer, it should be okay.'

The two who left the store arrived at Brooks' mansion.

It occupied a large area like other nobles' houses, but it was different in that it was fortified.

Armed guards in plain clothes were guarding the entrance, and people with torches were walking around in the garden visible beyond the arch.

"They're all highly skilled."

The overall aura was incomparable to that of a gang of thieves.

"...It's better to go through the sewer, right?"

The sewer pipe they arrived at following the map was 200 meters away from the mansion.

As they opened the lid and went down when no one was passing by, Lian found a familiar smell in the stench.

"Shiro, it smells like a rotting corpse."

The fact that a corpse was left in the city's sewer was creepy, but there was no need to doubt the result that had already occurred.

"Yeah. We can't let our guard down."

As they got closer to Brooks' mansion, the smell became stronger, and finally a corpse that had been abandoned only a few days ago was found.

"What is this? It's not human."

They couldn't tell the exact name, but the corpse of an Ayn species with pink skin was discarded.

"There are signs of torture."

"No, it's not torture."

The physical damage was too severe to be for the purpose of causing pain.

"Let's... do what we have to do."

Austin's words, not to care about anything other than the request, came to mind.

After passing through the sewer, which was as complex as a maze, they came across a staircase that was clearly artificially modified.

The top of the stairs was blocked by an iron gate, and a man was sitting on a chair on the sewer side with his arms crossed.

Lian stopped without having to decide who would go first.

'What is this guy...?'

He couldn't find any inherent characteristics from him, who had long hair like a woman and covered his face.

It felt like a corpse was sitting.

"Heh heh. Heh heh."

The man, who had been quiet as if dead, made a sniffing sound and slowly raised his head.

Lian blocked the front by grabbing the handle of the great sword.

'This kid, he's incredibly strong.'

That's why it was strange.

If a person of this level was guarding, wouldn't it be normal for his name to come out of Austin's mouth?

The man, who had been looking at the two alternately with his dull eyes like a wild dog, fixed his gaze on Shiro.

"You... met Ral."

"What?"

A short knife, like a kitchen knife, was already in the hands of the man who slowly stood up from the chair.

"Where is he?"

The man's name was Shagal.

The fact that he was a serial killer designated as one of the world's top 100 dangerous people was unknown even to his employer, Brooks.
[Translated block]