


[614] The Hottest Place (3)

"What a sight."

Fjord, who was sitting at the party table with Pisho, said.

He was known at school as a grim figure who enjoyed evil games with his robe on, but today he was neatly dressed.

If someone didn't know him, they wouldn't even guess that his major was in the deadly category of poisons.

"Caden is going to graduate this time."

Pisho, who had learned that Caden was the president of the Women's Body Research Society while participating in the Scrumble Royal.

But now the Golden Wheel has been disbanded, and Caden is preparing to go out into the world.

If he wasn't a master of defense, he was a skilled player who could easily make it into the top 10, but Fjord was also a skilled player who had never missed the upper ranks so far.

"I don't care, about Caden."

Fjord, who drew his wrist with a sharp thumbnail, dropped blood into the glass.

"......What kind of poison is it?"

"Cedraphusa."

It was the main ingredient of a deadly poison that could kill an elephant in a minute with just one drop of the original solution, a plant that only grows on a small uninhabited island in the equatorial sea.

After swirling the glass and taking a sip, it was thrilling enough to twist his tongue.

"Hehe, this is the taste."

"Your body is flowing with poison."

"The human liver is a huge chemical warehouse. If you adapt, even poison can become medicine."

But because most people couldn't adapt, it was called poison.

"You should eat a lot of good things. Your liver will melt down during the graduation exam."

Roskas Fjord (final ranking 9th in the graduation class).

Major: Deadly series of poisonous magic.

Special note: Massacre magic that does not distinguish between friends and foes.

"Excuse me......"

A female student from the Bermin Magic School approached.

She raised her head to reveal the dark circles under her eyes, and her lips were purple.

"Fjord?"

The field of poisonous magic was narrow, so Fjord knew who she was.

"Witch of Decay, Windia."

She nodded expressionlessly.

"Yes. By any chance...... Is the poison you put in the drink earlier Cedraphusa?"

"So what?"

Windia showed emotion for the first time.

"Did you detoxify Cedraphusa?"

"Well...... I've been eating it since I was born."

Roskas was a family that developed war chemical weapons with the approval of the kingdom.

Windia, who had been blinking her eyes, asked cautiously.

"Can I have a drink?"

"As much as you want."

When Fjord offered, she gently picked up the glass and touched it with her tongue.

"Huh!"

The moment her tongue touched it, a sensation that seemed to melt her brain struck.

She too had trained her liver with numerous poisons, but this was beyond her tolerance.

"Wow, it's really amazing."

The woman, who had crawled out from the edge of death, kept exclaiming.

"This is the first time in my life that I've tasted such a delicious poison."

"I'm glad you like it."

Windia, who was looking at the wound on Fjord's wrist and smacking her lips, grabbed her hair.

"Do you want to try mine too? It's Taropascal."

With a grunt, her hair broke off from the middle.

"Taropascal?"

It was a poison that rotted the skin.

Fjord, who had rubbed the hair and neatly arranged it, put it in his mouth and chewed it.

"Hmm, this is......"

"How is it?"

"Well made. A bit bland though."

If Cedraphusa was a spicy food to Fjord, Taropascal was like a vegetable side dish.

"I thought so? I want to synthesize something here."

"Try adding the juice of the Fustan mushroom. Then the decay time can be reduced as well......"

As the two continued their poisonous discussion, Pisho sighed and got up from his seat.

There was no place to rest properly, and while he was wandering around, a student from the Royal Magic School approached from behind.

"Executioner, long time no see."

It was a priest who had studied together under Francis Keller, the authority of insect magic.

"Yeah. Are you well prepared for the graduation exam?"
[Translated block]
 Evolution Promotion Series of Insect Magic.

Special Note: Kaeler's disciple.

As the day darkened and the party ripened, collisions began to occur one by one among the students who had been waging a nerve war until now.

It was no exception for Alpheus Magic School students, and royal magic school students began to pick a fight with Suabi while looking for prey.

"Hey, you. What's your rank at school?"

Suabi, who is not sociable, stepped back at the students who suddenly started a fight.

"What does it matter? Get out of the way. I don't want to talk to you."

A giant student over 2 meters tall blocked Suabi's way to escape.

"We're just asking, why don't you want to talk? What did we do?"

"18th. Is that okay?"

He spat out and tried to pass, but it felt like a black wall was blocking his way because of his large size.

"Ha ha! Just a utility magic and a mid-rank? I told you, it's a hype in the spirit magazine."

The students of the Royal Magic School saw that the reason why Scout Baikal was taken away by Alpheus Magic School was due to Principal Olivia.

It must have been necessary to consider the auditor of the faculty meeting, who was once the principal of the Royal Magic School.

"Hey, listen carefully. No matter how much you fly, you can't follow the royal magic school."

Suddenly, Suabi's eyes became fierce.

Even if the mental unity is perfect, it would be lacking, and if it is pressed by the momentum of other school students, it will affect the test.

"Oh! Did you see that just now? Is this scary?"

"Hey, you guys. Take it easy."

The students who had been confining Suabi turned around and Screamer was standing with his hand in his pocket.

"What are you?"

"Do I need to say? It seems like you're memorizing the spirit magazine."

Hyde Allen, the third in the royal magic school, came over.

"I saw the kids playing in the lower water. But I don't remember your face."

"Suabi, come here."

Screamer ignored and gestured, but the giant student did not give way.

"If you're confident, why don't you come and get it? I won't do anything bad if you crawl between my legs."

The royal magic school graduation class burst into laughter.

"Ha, really......"

If it were Screamer's personality, it would have been overturned long ago, but since the timing was the timing, he held back his anger and walked.

"Suabi, let's go. You don't need to care about these immature guys."

"Immature guy?"

"We can't afford to relax just because we've eaten 20 passes. We can't do that."

"Ha ha ha! Of course. That's the difference between the royal and ordinary schools."

"I heard that your average ability is 3.8 times lower than ours."

At the words that hit the nerve of qualification, the giant's eyebrows wriggled.

"Do you think I believe that nonsense? It's a hype."

"I think so too. It seems like they put one more point in the magazine. Looking at your crotch, it seems like it's at least 38 times."

"You son of a!"

The giant student grabbed Screamer's collar and pulled it.

"You think you can talk nonsense because you have a magic control device? You're not even a fistful."

"Is that so? Even if you can't lift me?"
[Translated block]


"What?"

The giant's student looked down and realized that Screamer's foot had not yet lifted off the ground.

"This is...!"

He put more strength, but Screamer did not move as if stuck in place.

'I remember. That guy...'

Before Allen could speak, Screamer grabbed the giant's collar.

There was a height difference, so he had to stretch his arm as high as possible, but the height difference was reversed in an instant.

"Argh!"

As Screamer pulled the giant's collar, his body fell down as if a hole had been drilled in the ground.

Under the force of inevitability, the giant, who had knelt down, looked up in disbelief, and a fist flew in, causing a tremendous wind pressure.

"Ugh!"

With a bang, the fist stopped in front of his eyes.

The rolled-up suit sleeve, which had been spun, was completely attached to his arm, and the giant's student had no choice but to think of it.

'Martial Artist Screamer.'

Screamer, who had withdrawn his fist, twisted off the giant's hand that was still holding his collar.

"I understand that it hurts your pride, but if the royal is shabby, the royal should take care of it. None of our school kids have the mind to care about you guys."

Logan Screamer (final ranking 10th in the graduation class).

Major: Photon Magic Martial Artist Series.

Special note: After completing the Iron Fist project of the fighting enthusiast Pyroco, it is possible to strike a one-hit kill.

"These guys dare to look down on us!"

The students of the Royal Magic School all stood up and rushed towards Screamer.

Then, Alpheus Magic School also flocked in to match the numbers.

In the end, the party atmosphere became fierce between the two schools, and the remaining three schools were just seriously watching the situation.

"Let's do it once, what? The country bumpkins are a little bit up, and they're arrogant!"

Electric Monster Raikon tore his mouth wickedly and gestured with both hands to come in.

"Hahaha! Arrogant? Okay, if you're confident, come on. I'll make you the biggest fool who died before the graduation exam."

"Heh! Do you think we don't have a Schema user on our side? If it weren't for the magic control device, you guys would have been annihilated today!"

At the rising high-pitched voice, Maya rolled her feet.

"It's a big deal. We can't fight today."

Caden quietly blocked the front and said.

"It's okay. Nothing will happen."

At least Maya will be.

"Come out right now! Let's have a real fight today? Shall we see who is the best in the kingdom?"

At the provocation of the Royal Magic School, Fermi entered the scene with a half-smile.

"That's right. In that sense, I suggest a fun game......"

"Fermi, shut up!"

Everyone who knew Fermi shouted.

"Don't even think about getting involved!"

Fermi ruins everything.

"Hmm, a magic control device."

Dante, who had taken a seat at a nearby table, was lost in thought, spinning his glass of alcohol, when a man with curly red hair came from the royal side.

"It's been a long time, Dante."

It was Curtis, who had once competed at the Royal Magic School.

"Were you there too?"

"Haha, don't pretend you don't know. It's all over the Spirit anyway."

"Do you think I would read that magazine?"

Dante, who was sick of the interview requests coming from all sides a year ago.

Curtis, who had been silent for a while, regained his composure and said.

"Do you know what I regret the most as I approach graduation? That I didn't get to fight you at the Royal."

"Do you mean you can definitely graduate?"

"Of course. It's not a boast, but I'm the top of the Royal Magic School."

It was a boast.

"You're second. It seems that even the great Dante has shown his limits."

Who would have thought that Dante, who was once considered the best talent in the kingdom, would lose to a nobody named Shiro and have his first place taken by a long-term returning student named Fermi?

"Well, that could happen. If you're confident, try it."
[Translated block]
Dante pointed at Fermi with the hand holding the glass.

"Huhu, your pride must have been greatly hurt. It's the price for ignoring me, Dante."

Judging so, Curtis walked to the scene.

"Everyone stop."

With the appearance of the top-ranked, the students from the royal side closed their mouths and Fermi turned to Sabina and said,

"Did you see? Even if they are the same first place, the treatment is different."

"Do you know? You're the best when you're still."

Curtis approached and offered a handshake.

"I apologize on behalf of the Royal Magic School. Let's stop here. There's nothing good about causing a fuss in the association, right?"

Fermi shook hands.

"I'd like to, but as you can see, our school has a tradition of ignoring the first place."

"Do you want to go all the way?"

"No. I'm saying talk to someone who will listen."

"Who is that? Dante?"

"He's coming over there."

When Fermi pointed with his hand, all 149 people turned to the door.

"What's up? Why is the atmosphere like this? Aren't we having a party?"

Shirone was blinking her innocent eyes.
[Translated block]