


[659] Mercenary Recruitment (3)

As a huge flame burst out of the Silver Ring headquarters building, people passing by on the street fell flat on the ground.

"Goodness! What's happening?"

People hit by brick fragments grimaced and flinched.

If there had been a loud noise elsewhere, it would have been chaos, but since it was an area where guilds gathered, the disturbance was less than expected.

There were not a few cases where physical clashes occurred due to disputes between powers, and therefore, people only quickly took refuge and had no intention of taking special measures.

On the other hand, the inside of the guild was a mess.

Amid the vibrating smell of burning wood and stone, guild members came out one by one from under the table to check the result.

"Oh, my goodness...!"

The powerful firepower of Hellfire pushed all the fixtures within a radius of 10 meters outside, and Lian had already been thrown into the corner.

Only Shirone was standing alone in the place where the flame had passed.

Since there were no witnesses at the moment of the explosion, it was not clear whether it was avoided or blocked.

'Did he use the principle of light?'

Arkman recalled the information he had readied to meet Shirone.

He had no idea how it was possible, but there was talk that he had fooled even Ichon with the ability to manipulate time in the graduation exam.

'Is it a gift from God?'

He was confident that he would not easily collapse against anyone as a non-public 4th class magician, but the resentment of being compared to the talent of a public magician for a lifetime was still unwashed.

"It's dangerous. Do you have to go this far?"

It was as if Hellfire had been cast to kill.

"A rookie-like thought. This is not a school. All verifications performed in the guild are real."

"Why are you verifying me?"

Arkman no longer hid his true feelings.

"Because I can't accept it. Probably the same for other guild members."

Arkman took out a red crystal ball containing fire from his bosom.

"If you don't give up, it's because you need something in the guild, right? If you refuse both public certification and the master's seat, prove your skills. Then I'll give you what you want."

Shirone's eyes finally became serious.

As Arkman's offensive spirit zone came in like dozens of spears and Shirone cast teleportation at the same time.

Moving around the complex structures inside the building with teleportation was a very dangerous thing, but at the level of the two, it was already a constraint that did not need to be considered.

'Pretty good.'

Shirone's movement was definitely excellent, but Arkman's track could not be ignored either.

"Shall we start in earnest?"

Arkman, who had lifted both legs, retreated as if luring Shirone, and the latch of the back door fell off and the door opened wide.

When Shirone arrived at the open space prepared behind the building, Arkman was waiting in a battle-ready posture.

"Robe of Flame and Hellfire Prison."

Arkman explained the magic weapon while holding out the crystal ball.

"The Robe of Flame increases the power of fire magic by 200 percent. And this crystal ball...."

A whirlwind of fire swirled around Arkman, and a snake made of 1,000 degrees Celsius fire, 4 meters long, looked down at Shirone, flicking its tongue of fire.

"It traps the spirit of fire in form."

Arkman's Fire Snake rushed at Shirone, swelling its body.

The flame, which had grown more than four times, covered Shirone, and the second and third flames surrounded the place where Shirone was, as if to wrap around.

At the point where twelve snakes chased Shirone through the function of the crystal ball, all the guild members arrived at the open space and watched the battle.

It wasn't a particularly complicated battlefield, but the firepower of Fire Strike, which was demonstrated through the mental power of a non-public 4th class, was formidable, and even with the help of a magic weapon, the ability to freely manipulate 12 flames was definitely excellent.

'This is the power of a non-public 4th class.'

When compared in terms of numerical ability, it surpassed Flu, who had a similar combat style.
[Translated block]


"There were also aspects where Shiro clearly overwhelmed him in terms of experience.

'The function itself is simple. But it's fast and accurate.'

If firepower and speed were backed up, there would be no more effective magic to burn someone.

As it became clear that Shiro was being pushed, the guild members cheered as if they had been waiting.

"Master is the best! The Ivory Tower candidate is struggling, isn't he?"

"Exterminate the thieves? Master can do that too!"

Like Arkman, the guild members seemed to have a sense of inferiority, but since it wasn't wrong, Lian just kept silent.

'A wizard who focuses on one skill. If you can't find a special solution, you won't be able to handle it at the level of a thief.'

Kohn shouted at Lian as if he had won.

"Hey! How about stopping now? Your friend might get roasted."

Lian chuckled.

Arkman was a great wizard, but there was something that caught his attention when he thought about Shiro's omnipotence in the graduation exam.

"It's definitely different from school. It's going to be tough, Shiro."

Kohn, who didn't understand Lian's sincerity, burst into laughter.

"Did you just realize that? Now..."

"Not two thousand times."

"Huh?"

Lian looked back at Kohn.

"I'm looking for a way to win without killing."

It was a ridiculous remark to the listener, but Arkman felt Lian's words on his skin.

'Why doesn't he attack?'

The battle had started and more than 5 minutes had passed, but Shiro had not cast any attack magic.

'It's a headache.'

Shiro, who had devised numerous strategies, had no magic that could avoid a fatal wound.

It's not an opponent who can be suppressed with auxiliary magic like Shining Impact or Shining Chain.

'You won't get tired of this.'

If it's meaningless to buy time, you have to push it with firepower.

'I've decided!'

He didn't reveal his thoughts, but Arkman's experiential intuition sensed Shiro's change.

'Is it starting? Come on.'

Just before the twelve snakes completely blocked the arrow, Shiro jumped out through the flames.

'It's that again.'

Shibulsangpokmae expands the reality of the past and future by 1 second, but it was not a perfect evasion because it could not control the events faster than 1 second in the past or 1 second in the future.

'I have to end it here.'

Shiro, who jumped into the sky, cast a photon cannon, erasing all other thoughts.

Arkman could feel the power just by the fact that the place where he had avoided was sinking.

'But it's just a matter of not getting hit.'

Avoiding the opponent's attack with excellent evasion skills while manipulating the Fire Snake.

This tactic, which had won numerous victories, did not pass a single attack.

"Then......"

Shiro gritted his teeth and fired a photon cannon.

'Can you avoid this too?'

As the flash rushed like a ray of light, Arkman moved flexibly like a loach and bypassed the battlefield.

Even during that time, Fire Strike flew into the sky and endlessly tormented Shiro.

'Was it just this much?'

Arkman's pride was restored by the fact that there was no difference from the wizards he had faced so far.

'No, it's definitely a good subject. That's why......'

The institution called the Ivory Tower was just a hollow reputation.

'I am strong!'

Arkman's eyes flashed and twelve snakes attacked Shiro at the same time.

Quantum Superposition-300 Overlap.

And the number of flashes pouring down increased so much that it could not be counted even with the sympathetic sense of the spirit zone.

"What......!"

People closed their eyes at the sound that shook the earth, and the vibration as if an earthquake had occurred was transmitted through the ground.

Only Lian was watching with one eye closed in the beam of light flashing."
[Translated block]


"As expected, the solution is a firepower demonstration."

It was clear that the power was adjusted, but the number of photon cannons poured out by 300 Shirones was frightening just by looking at it.

"Ma, Master......"

In the vivid reality, the dust that sprang up as the photon cannon hit the ground covered Arkman's figure.

'Can I avoid this?'

Elysion, who was pouring magic without roughness, was accurately capturing Arkman's position.

The physical shock was instant death, so a photon cannon did not touch Arkman's body.

'Kill the spirit!'

The sound of the rapid-fire, which was thought to be no faster than this, accelerated, burying even the screams of the guild members.

The point at which they, who were only rolling their feet in an inaccessible situation, noticed the change was when the number of fire snakes began to decrease.

7. 6.

The fact that the flame snake wandering in the air as if it had lost its sight was disappearing one by one meant that Arkman's spirit was being eroded by fear.

"Kuuuuuuuu!"

Arkman could only endure by crouching in the dust where he couldn't see an inch ahead.

The eardrum seemed to burst at the sound of the explosion heard nearby, and the vibration of the ground was transmitted directly through the bones.

The nerves were so tangled that he couldn't even tell whether he was buried in the ground or his body was already shattered.

It felt like a bug trapped in a barrel being shaken madly by someone.

"It's decreasing."

Lian counted the number of fire snakes.

3. 2, finally, even the last snake disappeared faintly.

The spirit zone was broken by mental shock.

Although the Shirones stopped bombing, it was a long time later that the guild members suffering from tinnitus realized that fact.

The huge dust pushed by the wind fell like blood and covered other buildings like clouds.

"What is this......?"

Everyone shivered at the horrifying sight.

In the center of the vacant lot, there was a pit so deep that the end could not be seen, and Arkman was crouching on the narrow ground as if only one pillar was standing.

Shirone, who landed 20 meters away from him, caught her breath.

'It's quite tiring.'

It was a landscape that could have been created in an instant if it was the punishment of an angel, but this time it was a situation where she had to fight with her own constraints.

"Master! Are you okay?"

Manager Mikela shouted, but Arkman, whose hearing was paralyzed, still had no movement.

However, as a non-public 4th class magician, his mental recovery was quite fast, and finally, when he felt no vibration, he slowly raised his head.

Arkman, who was lost in the grotesque sight, gradually sank into sorrow.

'So, the star is......'

It's not a competition of superiority at the human level.

'There is no comparison.'

It's not a matter of who is faster or who is stronger, but a matter of dimension, such as having three arms, five eyes, or wings.

"I lost."

What suits the candidate for the Ivory Tower was not himself, but Shirone.

"There was something you wanted in the guild. I will cooperate unconditionally."

Arkman, who still had dignity, jumped over the pit by casting a fly spell even in a shaky state.

"There is one thing I want to request from the guild."

She was about to bring up the main point because she hadn't even started Rufist's instructions yet, but she heard applause from the building.

"Hohoho! It was a great match. I feel like my decade-old stagnation is all gone."

The faces of the guild members who turned to the back door were crumpled at once.

"Why did those unlucky ones come here?"

Two masters of the War Chariot and Blood Rose, the three major magic guilds of the kingdom, were standing there, laughing.
[Translated block]