


[297] The Ruler of Consciousness (1)

The carriage carrying Armin and his companions sped towards the city gate.

The wagon wheels splashed water that reached up to their knees as they spewed out a jet of water outside.

The carriage bounced on the rough mountain road as it entered a rocky area. Amy and Reyna gripped the handles tightly with both hands.

"It seems like we'll arrive soon. I'm glad it's not far away."

Amy stuck her face out of the window. She saw a huge pillar of light coming down from the sky that was covered with dark clouds, as if there was a hole in it.

As they entered that place, the sound of rain disappeared and a meadow bathed in warm sunlight spread out.

Armin and his companions got off the carriage and looked back at the way they had come. Between the dark clouds that seemed to touch each other and the horizon, lightning-like static electricity was occurring.

Even in the place where the sun was shining, they couldn't see the face of the coachman. Amy thought he was just a nobody who didn't even have any impression on Sirona.

Sirona was sitting on the meadow below the hill, looking at the flowers.

They couldn't see his face because he had his back turned, but there was no one else who could exist alone in the realm of diamond body except Sirona.

He turned his head following a fluttering butterfly, and his side profile showed a beautiful smile.

Reyna, who now understood the mental world, admired him.

Sirona's mind was not shaken at all by the horrible situation in reality. She felt like she knew why he could make accurate judgments in many crises.

'But... can I talk to him?'

Reyna couldn't approach him easily.

Strictly speaking, it wasn't Sirona, but Sirona's avatar. It was integrated with intimate emotions, so he could be hurt by an unintended response.

"Let's go. We have nowhere to back off anyway."

Armin pushed Reyna's back and approached Sirona. Sirona turned his head when he felt their presence.

Reyna swallowed her saliva with a gulp.

"Huh? Armin? And Reyna too?"

Sirona greeted them with a bright expression.

"Long time no see. How have you been?"

Armin stared at Sirona intently.

'This is amazing.'

Sirona's avatar was almost no different from his usual appearance.

Among the avatars that Armin had met so far, there were also famous personalities in the world. But even those people often revealed their disappointing true nature at the stage of avatar.

It wasn't something they could blame them for.

That's because they were human.

But Sirona was different.

Everyone tends to deviate in places where they can't be seen, but Sirona's mind had reached a pure state regardless of other people's eyes.

It was a form of avatar that could only come out without refining and polishing his inner self since childhood.

'The rumor that he is Torumia's most promising candidate wasn't unfounded.'

Armin had been constantly exposed to Sirona's achievements since they parted a year ago. His abnormal rampage that couldn't be explained by talent was backed by such mental perfection.

"But what are you doing here?"

The avatar knew that this was the mental world. He just couldn't separate it from the dimension of reality. It was like not being able to know that this was a dream in a dream.

Reyna asked Armin.

"Doesn't Sirona know why we came here? We've been injecting keywords all along."

"I can't draw a clear line on how much he knows. The avatar rules everything, but strictly speaking, it's not everything."

"Something like a core code."

"That's right. This is all the work of the avatar, but it's not imbued with the will of the avatar."

"Hey..."

Amy's voice was heard.

When they turned their heads, they saw an egoist with a height of over 2 meters hugging Amy with four arms. The upper right arm had turned into a rope and was strangling her neck.

'There shouldn't be any projectiles?'

Reyna looked around and realized that the coachman had disappeared.
[Translated block]
But why did he manifest as an egoist? Wasn't Shirone clearly unfriendly to them?

"Shirone, why are you like this?"

"Just... I get annoyed when I see Amy."

Armin sighed.

The thing he feared had happened.

Connecting cause and effect is the domain of reason. Conversely, emotion is faithful to the feeling of the moment.

In reality, the two are strictly separated, but the problem was that the avatar, a mental body, could not do that.

"Shirone, you need to suppress your emotions as much as possible right now. You probably feel it, but Shirone is in a life-threatening situation. You need our cooperation. Of course, Amy's cooperation too."

Armin's persuasion did not make Shirone understand, but he had no choice but to follow because his life was at stake.

As he suppressed his emotions, the egoist faded and burned into black smoke.

Amy, who was coughing while rubbing her neck, looked at Shirone with sad eyes. She was prepared, but she felt hurt when she received such treatment.

"What's the reason? Tell me so I can fix it."

Shirone didn't know either. Memories related to Amy rose like a fountain, but for the avatar who couldn't arrange the cause and effect in order, he could only feel the emotion of that situation.

Shirone pushed her away and turned to Armin.

"What do we do now?"

"First of all, we will infiltrate Shirone's depths. If we don't catch up with the intruder, there's no way to recover the situation."

"But I don't know how to go down."

"No, you do. The reason why Shirone accepts this situation without any sense of incongruity is because you know. It's just that your logical system is broken and you can't draw a conclusion. Think that you have to go down. And tell me the first place that comes to mind."

Shirone, who was lost in thought, pointed to the western mountain range.

"It's not accurate, but..."

"That's enough. Now let's go."

Armin sat on the mabuseok instead of the disappeared mabu.

It took about an hour to run in the direction Shirone pointed out and arrived at a small village.

There was also a downpour there, but as Shirone entered, the weather cleared up as if it were a lie.

Shirone led them to a shabby stable. He grabbed a handful of soft straw on the floor and moved it aside, revealing a door leading underground.

"Huh, there really is a door?"

"It would be more correct to say that you designated it. There is a door where Shirone thinks there is. Remember this feeling. At this speed, you should be able to catch up with Arius and Zion."

Shirone's face twisted fiercely when he heard their names.

Armin turned around in surprise. He felt a murderous aura that seemed not of this reality for a moment.

'What was that just now?'

Armin realized that he needed to revise his thoughts.

Shirone's avatar looked no different from usual, but maybe that wasn't all.

* * *

&nbsp;Shirone's mind level 8.

Arius collected information independently and broke through the depths.

The place he was currently exploring was a garbage dump that was so stinky that it was hard to breathe.

As the unpleasant smell blew in the wind, Zion covered his mouth with a handkerchief.

'What kind of smell is this? It doesn't smell like a corpse.'

It was the fear that Shirone felt manifested as a smell. It was the smell of death that could not exist in reality.

Arius, who was already accustomed to it, grabbed a passing man and asked him.

"Where is the library nearby?"

The man who covered his nose pointed in one direction and hurried on his way.

Arius headed for where the man had told him. As he entered the library, the stench disappeared and he felt relieved.

Zion shook off his handkerchief and threw it on the ground, thinking it was irrecoverable. Then he looked around and said.
[Translated block]


"Is it a library this time?"

Arius ignored Zion's words and focused on browsing the books. The books were classified by fields, but the titles on the covers wriggled like worms, making it impossible to tell what they were.

But some books in a corner had clear titles.

They were related to photonics, Zion's major.

Arius walked along the bookshelf, looking at the covers. Then he picked up a book called 'The God Particle'.

He tapped the wall with the book, and a rectangle of gold appeared. The wall disappeared into the air, revealing a staircase going down.

"I've always wondered, how do you find these things?"

"I track the flow that is connected to Zion's subconscious. All things have their own meanings embedded in them. It's a field that requires some study. You could say it requires an excellent understanding of psychoanalysis."

"I see."

Zion had lost interest by the time Arius's explanation reached the middle.

As always, he left complicated matters to the experts. He just wanted to extract Ataraxia and get out of here as soon as possible.

When they opened the seventh gate, a square unfolded. There was no torrential rain that seemed to drown the world, no cold snap that seemed to break the bones, no stench that seemed to rot the nose.

Zion adjusted the leather strap around his waist that held Armand and re-armed himself mentally.

"This place is more livable."

As soon as Zion finished his sentence, a man fell. The man fell face-first, and died with his brain fluid leaking out.

Looking around, people were climbing on the roofs.

There were many who jumped off. In the window of a building, a woman who climbed on a chair was hanging herself.

"What the hell?"

Arius, who had been watching from behind Zion, said.

"The seventh level is the gate before entering the realm of Rem. It's a layer where reason is strong. The projectiles facing death show signs of nervous breakdown."

"Aaaah!"

Two sisters falling from the fourth floor screamed as if they were being torn apart.

Zion frowned.

He didn't care about the sisters' death or the gruesome corpses. He wished they would die quietly instead of making noise.

"Let's go quickly. This is an annoying level."

"No. We'll stay here for a while. If they met Zion's avatar, it would be a headache. They could reach the depths much faster than us."

"Hmm, then what?"

Arius pointed to a castle beyond the city.

"We'll meet the ruler of this place here. Zion's super-ego. In diver's terms, it's called Antithesis."

"Antithesis?"

"It's a consciousness that criticizes Zion. It's as strong as an egoist, but it's probably weakened by being in a dying situation. That will buy us some time."

Arius turned his steps north. The pedestrians were so sensitive that they would commit murder at the slightest touch, so he had to be careful not to act rudely.

The place they arrived was a castle that was miniature compared to reality. But it had a cute charm. Seven red spires stood beyond the wall, and guards guarded the entrance across the moat that was no different from a stream.

As they approached the arch, they crossed their spears and blocked the entrance.

"Stop. Who are you?"

"We came to see the ruler of this place."

"Ignite is on sick leave. Go back."

Arius smiled meaningfully.

The name of the ruler was usually chosen from the most impressive concept in reason. And Ignite was the name of an ignition magic.

"That's why we came here. I have a medicine that can cure his illness."

The guards were confused. They exchanged glances and one of them went inside.

Soon he came back and allowed Arius to enter.

Once inside, it was far from glamorous. It was like seeing an army barracks stationed on the front line.

Like the citizens, the soldiers were also in a nervous state, but they performed their duties without any disruption under Ignite's control.
[Translated block]


At the end of the ceremony, where a red carpet was laid out, Ignite was sitting with his chin propped up. He was a giant close to two meters tall, and his handsome beard with a brownish tint was noticeable.
[Translated block]