


```text
Groggy (2)

The name of the man who managed the nameless shelter was a wizard named Betelus.

He didn't reveal anything other than his name, but he smelled like a soldier from the way he commanded the shelter.

'Betelus.'

If he was a famous wizard, he would have heard it in Lian's ears, but he had never heard of it.

Shirone, who was more familiar with the wizard society than Lian, also had no particular reaction, but even if he knew it, it would have been the same.

"Come on, come on! Finish the tent work quickly. It's going to rain tonight." The person who actually led the survivors was a woman named Marin, who was the second in command of the shelter.

She was also a soldier, but she didn't seem to have known Betelus for a long time from their relationship.

'Is he a deserter?'

The army of hell was really powerful, so running away was not something anyone could do.

He deserted his unit before the battle began, that was the rational thing to think.

"Hey, rookie! You guys come and help too! If you don't want to sleep outside!"

Whether it was the aftermath of the typhoon that landed on Gustav Empire, it rained frequently in the central continent.

Since he had already crossed the military horse, Lian decided to stay at the shelter until the rain stopped.

"Get out of the way, I'll do it."

It was overwhelming for 100 survivors to clean up the corpses and collect food from nearby.

The shelter was still a mess, and more than anything, the heavy building debris hindered the work.

Lian lifted a rock as big as a human body with a flash and people's eyes changed.

"Wow."

Lian threw the rock lightly over his shoulder and flew several meters and slammed into it.

Marin sensed Skima's power and asked.

"Is your strength your specialty? Why are you carrying such a big sword? Who did you learn from?"

He was influenced by countless swordsmen, but there was no one he could call his master.

"Well. If I had to say, from everything?"

Lian laughed softly as if he thought it was an unsuitable philosophy even after saying it himself.

Marin also frowned slightly as if she thought he was arrogant and asked.

"What's your name?"

Lian looked back at Shirone.

He didn't care about people's eyes and just immersed himself in his thoughts.

'He needs time.'

It was for Shirone to leave quietly.

"Just...

Lian cut off his words and Marin became more annoyed.

"That's enough. You're expensive."

He was going to leave anyway when the rain stopped, so she didn't ask any more questions.

"Hey! There kid!"

A man in his mid-40s who was cleaning up the debris on the floor couldn't stand it and hit Shirone with a stick.

"Don't you see everyone working right now! Do you still think you're a noble? Come on and help!"

Shirone had no reaction.

'Noble.'

He was born as a son of a woodcutter and became one of the five great saints of Ivory Tower. The memories of that passed by quickly.

'What about me.'

A self-deprecating smile appeared, and that expression came to him as an insult.

"This kid is really...

Ku

A huge rock fell and the ground shook.

The man turned around with a surprised expression and Lian threw a rock twice as big as before and said.

"Leave him alone. If I work twice as much as my friend's share, isn't that enough?"

"This this eek!"

The man clenched his fists, but seeing the size of the rock Lian threw, he lost his anger.

"Chet! Unlucky kid!"

Lian continued to work without making a sound even after hearing him swear, and Marin came over.

"What's wrong with your friend? Did he go crazy from the shock of war?"

It wasn't exactly wrong.

"Similar."

The woman bit her tongue.

"You're brave for surviving. How are you going to live like that?"

Lian was worried about that too.

'He's exhausted.'

He was beaten by the world.

It doesn't mean that it doesn't hurt where you got hit just because you didn't kneel down and endure it until the end.
```

Why do you want me to translate this text? Is it part of a novel or a story? Do you need any other help?
[Translated block]


Can Shirone love the world again?

"How pathetic."

Beterus, who was directing from afar, quickly approached Shirone, passing by Lian.

Lian said in a low tone.

"Hey."

But Beterus ignored him and raised a flame in front of Shirone.

At the same time, Marin's body froze from the aura that rose from Lian.

"Huh."

As the scream that rose from his stomach was blocked in his throat, his chest felt like it was going to burst.

Beterus cast a fireball outside the shelter instead of Shirone, and Lian's aura disappeared like a lie.

"Haahaa."

The feeling of tension disappearing felt like an orgasm, and a moan involuntarily escaped
[Translated block]


```text
'Too much......

There were more than thirty.

But that was Betelus's standard, and it was nothing to Shiro and Lian.

'It's not an army. The other side is also a deserter.'

The two who had faced at least ten million to ten million units did not have any emotional fluctuations.

2 meters tall with a long tail like a spear The demons rubbed their stomachs and spoke in human language.

"I thought it was empty here, but there are humans. I thought I was starving, but it worked out well."

"Oh? There's a woman over there too! Kiki Ki!"

Betelus realized that the fireball's explosion had gone off at a very bad time.

'Damn it! Because of that guy...!'

When he turned his head with a fierce look, Shiro's indifferent face looked even more hateful.

"There are quite a lot of people. Don't give me a choice."

The demons leisurely pointed at people as if they were enjoying a long time.

"First, only half of us are eaten by us. Second, each of them cuts off one arm and one leg and offers it."

It would have been enough for thirty demons to eat, no matter what they chose.

"Give me some time. To coordinate opinions...

"What's so great about coordination? You look like the captain, so make your own decision."

Betelus swallowed his saliva.

If he sacrificed only half of them in the first condition, he could definitely survive.

'All you have to do is endure a moment of shame.'

Marine's eyes also conveyed the same meaning.

"I'll save half."

"Puhehehehe! Good, that's fun too. Then can you quickly pick out those who will be eaten? We're very hungry."

It would probably be a difficult decision, but choosing the first victim was too easy.

Betelus pointed at Shiro.

"That guy."

"Wow, this guy is completely cold-hearted? He doesn't even mourn! Anyway good. Hey, you're lucky!"

Shiro didn't move.

"Hey! Come over here! The captain here sold you!"

"Puhehehehe! He's completely scared. Good, if you escape from reality, I'll wake you up to reality."

The demon standing behind him slammed his reptilian claws into the ground and approached Shiro.

"Hey, hey, kid! Wake up."

The demon's laughter bulged out, but Shiro didn't even turn his head.

"Kuku, completely frozen

He bent his side 90 degrees and looked into Shiro's face, and the demon stopped talking.

A very long silence followed.

"What are you doing? Hurry up and bring him. We're hungry."

The demon's lips opened slightly.

"Uh...

He seemed to be choosing his words, but in fact nothing came to mind.

"Uh, uh...

With a terrified expression on his face, he slowly stepped back and stabbed his buttocks with a thud.

"Uh... uh... uh...

The survivors were, no, even Betelus and Marine who had joined the army had never seen a demon scared like that.

'Why are you doing that?'

His legs still seemed to be stepping back without realizing that he had fallen.

"Run away, run away."

"Run away? Why do we run away...

Before he could finish his sentence, the demon in front of Shiro leaned on both hands and shouted.

"Yahwedaahahahahah!"

Shiro turned his head.

The moment they saw his face, the demons remembered the light rain that had fallen on Gustav Empire.

"Kieeeee!"

With their souls gone, they screamed and spread their wings at once.

"Stop."

"Kie??????!"

The scream stopped abruptly and the demons' movements stopped.

"You guys, come over here for a second."

In front of Yahweh who blew up the entire empire, they couldn't even think of running away.

Thirty demons walked nervously while looking around, and Betelus's face went blank.

'Yahweh?'

The mythical story he had heard countless times in the army.
```
[Translated block]
The phrase means "The wizard of infinity". Is there anything else you want me to translate?
[Translated block]