
[425] Definition of Life (1)

Lacis returned to the command room and wrapped herself in a red cloak, lost in thought.

The adjutant who followed her in looked at her cautiously and asked carefully.

"Commander, what about Shirone's treatment...?"

It would have been fine if she had shown her Nephilim abilities from the start.

That's what Nephilim are.

But Shirone had already exceeded Lacis's potential as Shirone herself.

This would affect the Norc rebels, who blindly believed in Spirit Force, in one way or another.

It was a tricky problem for Lacis to handle.

'I knew they didn't trust me, but I didn't expect them to stab me in the back like this.'

"Hey, Commander. Your orders..."

The adjutant urged impatiently.

The outside was full of emotions curious about Shirone's position.

The longer they delayed, the more doubts they would have about Lacis's absolute position.

"Kakakakakaka!"

Lacis lifted her head and laughed, making the adjutant confused.

She stopped laughing and looked at the adjutant.

"I finally found it, the perfect factor to complement my flaw."

"Then Shirone..."

"Yes, I'll absorb her. Shirone's powerful Spirit Force will be a vessel that can accept any biological trait. I can't miss this opportunity."

The adjutant rolled his eyes.

He had seen Shirone's Spirit Force with his own eyes, so there was no room for disagreement.

But Shirone was a symbol of the rebels.

If public opinion turned bad, the great work they had built up so far could collapse in an instant.

Lacis smiled and said.

"I know what you're thinking."

"I'm sorry. But it's dangerous for you too, Commander."

Lacis turned around and flicked her cloak.

"I'll culture Shirone's genetic sample and make a clone. I'll do clinical trials on Shirone's clone and then absorb her when I'm sure."

"Is that possible? Shirone is not a Shinmin. Human cloning is a very sensitive field, and if the gene arrangement is slightly different, there is a high chance of failure."

Shinmin and Mojoin were the same humans, but they had been isolated for a long time and had their own generations.

Even if the number of chromosomes was the same, if the arrangement changed during evolution, the probability of normal implantation in the cloning device was low.

"Even if it is possible, you might waste Black Elixir for nothing."

"Huhu, don't worry. Humans are just like machines. There are ways depending on how you design them. I'm looking forward to it already. What kind of abilities I can equip to Shirone."

Lacis made an ecstatic expression and spread her wings of imagination, then returned to her fierce eyes.

"I'll trade with the military community. I need a lot of monster genes that can combine with Shirone's clone. But this time, only powerful ones. I'll combine only the strongest traits of any kind."

"Yes, sir."

The adjutant bowed his head and left, and Lacis sat on the sofa and crossed her legs and flicked her red tongue.

There was no precedent for experimenting with Nephilim's body, but what they could get if they succeeded was endless.

"Huhuhu, this will be fun."

It was Lacis's gamble of a lifetime.

* * *

Shirone was promoted to the leader of the Special Forces under the Second Command, the Strong Mobile Force.

The Third Mobile Force he belonged to was different from the First and Second Mobile Forces in that they performed direct orders from the commander, and the members were also elite experts with over 20 percent Spirit Force.

Plu, who became the commander of the Third Mobile Force to assist Shirone, glanced at the three members.

It was supposed to be a vertical rise in status as a mobile force commander, but he couldn't erase the feeling of being watched.

"I don't like it. Those guys."

"You expected it, right? Since you opened Immortal Function."

Lacis had promised to ally with the First Command as a condition for joining Shirone into the Second Command, but there were still some uneasy parts.
[Translated block]
Armin looked at Shiina with a calm expression and said,

"I'm fine. Why do you ask?"

He knew she was angry with him for not telling her about his escape from Ivory Tower. He also knew she had many questions about his past and his motives. But he didn't want to talk about them here and now. He wanted to focus on their mission
[Translated block]


"What do you mean?"

"I'm talking about Keira. What happened?"

"......"

It was a story that he could never tell Shiina.

But apart from that, it was a courtesy to Keira to keep his mouth shut this time.

"You're leaving the Ivory Tower?"

Keira glared at Armin with a scary look.

He wasn't shocked because he expected it. The problem is, Armin is bound by a covenant agreement with the Ivory Tower.

The ability of the non-standard eater, the covenant agreement, activates the condition when the agreement is torn, and can never cast magic.

So Keira brought up the covenant agreement.

At the end of the document was Armin's signature engraved in person.

He hoped that there would be no need to tear this, which he had received in order to see Shiina from the beginning, but if he wanted to go to his limbs, this was also one way.

"If you go, our relationship ends with that. If you're okay with that, leave this room."

Armin smiled calmly.

He never showed a smiling face, so Keira realized it was a farewell greeting.

"Thank you for everything."

He didn't show it, but Armin knew that Keira had taken care of a lot of things.

"Hmph! Don't think of persuading me. Don't act like you're the only one suffering! Or what? Are you going to run away by stopping time again?"

Armin shook his head.

"I can't use stop magic like that. I'm just a burden because I consume time lines."

"What does it matter? Anyway, if I tear up the agreement, you're nothing. You're just a blind old man who can't even go to the bathroom by yourself!"

"Then it can't be helped. I've only been causing trouble so far, so I'll do whatever you want for the last time."

Armin walked towards the door.

When he grabbed and turned the doorknob, there was a sound of paper tearing.

Armin looked back with a surprised expression.

The condition of the covenant was met, but the target was not himself.

"Keira......"

One of her signatures was engraved on one of the covenant agreements that fell to the floor like petals.

Another covenant agreement.

Her covenant agreement that she had to receive from the Ivory Tower to monitor Armin was now destroyed.

"Go. That's enough for circumstantial evidence. If you like that woman so much, go!"

"Keira, I......"

"Don't come near me!"

Keira shouted.

She didn't want to stay as a miserable figure who received sympathy until the end.

"Go to heaven and protect her. But......"

Keira lifted her tear-stained face.

"Be sure to come back alive. Protect her and come back alive. You bad son of this world!"

Armin turned away without saying anything.

Keira was also a magician of the Ivory Tower recognized by the world.

He didn't think that what she had achieved was not enough for him.

"I'll pay you back."

Armin's figure disappeared in an instant as he cast flicker magic.

Armin's party arrived at the military community on the outskirts of the mainland, aka 'Night Vision', at its main gate.

It boasted an enormous scale that did not belie the word military complex, and smoke rose from every chimney that rose high beyond the wall.

"I don't think we need to ask any more questions."

Armin walked towards the gate.

He brought a drone in case of an emergency, but Armin had learned Heaven's language so he didn't need to use it.

"Excuse me. Is this......"

The guards guarding both sides of the gate narrowed their gap and blocked the way.

They wore tight suits that could not be seen in the original world and wore glasses with black beads on them.

"Stop. Who are you?"

"I have something to ask here. Can I see the person in charge?"

The gate opened and about 10 guards in the same suit blocked Armin's front with expressionless faces.

"Go back. The boss is not feeling well today."

---

I hope this translation is satisfactory. Do you want me to continue writing as Sydney?
[Translated block]


"That's unfortunate. But we don't have much time either. Just tell us what you have to say for now."

The burly bodyguard approached them with his fist clenched.

"Are you kidding me? Do you know where you are?"

As about ten bodyguards emitted a menacing aura, a nasty temper enveloped Armin and his companions.

'This is...'

All four of them realized at the same time.

A quality that they could never feel in the original world.

"Be careful."

Kuan drew his sword and said.

"These things are not human."
[Translated block]