


[601] Tree Without Roots (3)

"Nade, I'm really glad to see you! Have you been well?"

Even as Liz approached and shook his shoulder, Nade stood with a blank expression, unable to find his lost soul.

'How?'

How could she, who should be in the capital Bashuka, be here?

'No, that's not the problem.'

After the graduation exam ended and the party was held, Nade confessed his feelings to Liz.

She left the school, leaving a word of apology that she saw him as a good younger brother but not as a man.

In Nade's heart, the events of that day are still vivid, but he couldn't understand her, who was talking with a bright expression as if nothing had happened.

"......When did you come back?"

In the midst of Shirone's curious gaze, Nade managed to speak.

"This morning."

"But I heard you got a job at the Capital Arms Factory......"

"Yeah. I took a vacation and came down. I have some work to do."

"Ah, I see."

As Nade bowed his head, unable to hide his disappointment, Liz smirked.

"But I think I'll quit my job and come down here soon."

Nade's head quickly rose, but Liz's following words shattered his spirits again.

"Actually, I'm engaged."

"What?"

Despite the echo of Liz's voice in his head dozens of times, Nade had no choice but to ask again.

Liz, with her arm around the neatly dressed man behind her, approached again.

"This is him. Say hello. He's a public 8th class magician, Clead Oscar. He's going to join the Creas Magic Association this time."

"Ah, hello."

Shirone quickly bowed her head, but Nade was so shocked that he forgot to greet.

'Engagement? What was engagement? Engagement?'

Oscar didn't mind and greeted the two with a friendly smile.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Oscar. You must be Nade. I've heard a lot about you from Liz."

"Ah......"

It was only after Oscar offered a handshake that Nade came to his senses and slowly took his hand.

It was a soft and warm hand.

"We should go somewhere and eat. I met my juniors, so I have to buy them something delicious."

At Liz's words, Nade waved his hand.

"No. We have to go back to school soon......"

Nade, who had been making a fuss about not going to school just a while ago, nodded quickly at Shirone's quick wit.

"Yes. We have to go to school."

Liz didn't even pretend to hear.

"You're lying! Who wouldn't know? If you're out in the city at this time, it's obviously a skip."

"We really have to go."

Shirone did her best, but Liz ignored her and approached Nade.

"Let's go, okay? I'll buy you anything you want."

"I don't particularly want to eat anything......"

"I really want to introduce you."

Only then did Nade look straight into Liz's eyes and found the desperation in her beautiful eyes.

'Senior also remembers.'

Whether she thinks that the emotions of the time have been diluted because she was young then, and a lot of time has passed.

'But this is too cruel.'

What would Liz have said to Oscar?

She might have said that he was a junior who used to chase her around, or a nasty little brother.

'Tsk, what is this.'

Liz wants to shake off even the last burden left in the past by introducing her fiancé.

"Right? Nade, let's go."

The more he thought about it, the more unfair it was, but seeing her desperate face like a lost kitten, his heart pounded and he couldn't refuse.

"Okay. But I'm going to order something expensive."

"Of course! You're not just a junior, but a direct junior of the research club."

Direct junior of the research club.

That phrase seemed to explain everything.

* * *

There weren't many people in the upscale restaurant in the morning.
[Translated block]


Four people took their seats at a table by the window.

"Now, what shall we eat?"

Looking at her, who was shaking her shoulders with the menu in her hand, the nostalgia made Nade's mind dizzy.

'Dangerous.'

Her voice, tone, gestures, and even trivial actions were inexplicably lovely.

"Let me introduce myself formally. I am Oscar, and this is my fiancée, Liz."

Seeing Oscar's victorious smile, Nade felt a surge of anger inside, but even that felt unreal in the shock of reuniting with Liz.

"I'm Nade. This is my friend, Shiro."

As Shiro bowed his head, Nade added,

"He's quite famous."

"Oh, really?"

There would be no one among the students of the magic school in the Kingdom of Torumia who did not know Shiro's name.

Even if Oscar was a professional magician, he would have known what it meant to be the focus of the kingdom.

Honestly, he wanted to give a punch to that complacent face, but he skillfully parried the provocation.

"Haha! I'm sorry. I've been out of touch with the magic school news since I graduated a few years ago."

It was a statement that he was just a student.

Of course, it was true, but since it was a petty remark to a junior, Liz quickly turned the conversation around.

"You must be about to graduate if you're that famous. You're in the graduation class now, right?"

"Yes."

"It must be hard. I still dream of being in the graduation class."

"But in my case, it's okay. I gave up on the second half of the graduation evaluation."

"Oh, so that's why you came to the city today. There were quite a few kids like that in my time. So, did Nade give up too?"

"No, I really have something to do......"

"Really? So what rank are you now?"

Nade felt a slight sense of horror, but it was too pathetic to lie, so he told the truth.

"I'm last."

"Puhaha!"

Oscar, who was drinking water, pretended to spit it out.

"Oh, sorry. It was so unexpected. You didn't look like it."

In fact, he had no expectations since he heard that Shiro had given up on the evaluation.

Even now, but when he was attending magic school, giving up on the evaluation was a choice when there was no answer.

'Of course, I didn't know he was last.'

Even without showing it, he could tell that Oscar's eyes were different from before.

"Hmm, I see."

On the other hand, Liz looked at Nade with a pitiful expression as if she had guessed something.

"There must be a reason."

"Not really. Last is last."

With his reputation already ruined, Nade spat out as if to let it be.

"Huhu, why is your face like that? Did you fight with someone again?"

Only then did Nade remember the scars left on his face.

'Today is really the worst day.'

As Nade bowed his head slightly, Oscar intervened.

"It's okay to give up on the evaluation and it doesn't matter if your grades are low, but if you're going to be a magician, you can't fight and run around like that. There's no progress when you start overestimating your abilities."

It was advice from a senior who had already become a pro, but today of all days, he had no choice but to take it seriously.

"It's not a fight. This is...... I was angry."

Knowing that all the words would rush back in regret after parting with Liz, he couldn't fill his throat with a filter.

Looking at the traces of self-harm, Liz smiled bitterly as if she understood something.

"You're still the same, Nade."

The meal continued in a slightly awkward atmosphere.

Most of the conversation was led by Liz, and Oscar listened and occasionally interjected.

The food was delicious, but Nade didn't know where the food was going.

"Oh, really? So Shiro is also in the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Club? It's really hard to get one member. You, do you have abilities?"

"Well, there are only three of us. You know Eluki, right?"
[Translated block]


Liz looked up at the ceiling with her hands clasped.

"Ah, it really reminds me of the old days when I met you. We used to debate all night about what the secret of the upper class was. It hasn't been revealed yet, has it?"

"Well, um......"

As a person who had completely closed the upper class, Shiro had nothing to say.

As their own reunion continued, Oscar, who felt left out, changed the subject.

"There's not much time left. I'm talking about the graduation exam. Are you well prepared? It's the most important exam in your life."

Knowing that every word Oscar said had an intention, Nade couldn't help but become an ugly duckling.

"I don't care about exams. I don't even want to be a wizard."

It was a very arrogant remark, and Oscar did not let it pass.

"The judgment is up to you. But isn't it a nuisance to stick to school like that? If you're running away like this......"

"I'll pass."

Liz interrupted.

"You'll be able to pass. Because Nade is strong. Right?"

Nade, who was faced with a confident gaze, quickly turned her head to hide her flushed face.

'Geez. What do you want me to do when you look at me like that?'

"Hmm."

Oscar coughed and wiped his mouth with a napkin.

"If you're done eating, let's go. I have something to do."

"Really? I haven't even had tea yet?"

"Liz, you said you had an appointment with the association people."

"Oh, right."

Liz slowly got up from her seat with a regretful look.

"I was glad to see you today. I'll pay for this."

"Yes. I enjoyed the meal."

Shirone and Nade also got up from their seats and bowed their heads.

"I'll visit the principal soon to say hello. See you then, Nade."

Despite the words handed over with the hand of her fiancé, Nade's heart began to beat again as if it were broken.

"Yes. Please be careful."

As Liz and Oscar left the restaurant side by side, Nade, who finally came to her senses, sighed and slumped down in her chair.

"Ah, I'm going crazy. Shirone, let's stop by the pharmacy. I feel like I'm going to vomit."

"Who the hell is it? It's not just a senior, right? This is the first time I've seen you so nervous."

Nade, who had not been intimidated even in front of the teachers as the head of the research society.

"That's... it's a long story if I tell you. I'll tell you on the way."

"Okay. Let's get out of here first."

As Shirone was about to leave, Nade reached out her hand.

"Wait! Just 10 minutes, just stay here for 10 minutes."

"Why? I have to go buy medicine."

"Liz might still be there."

"......"

Shirone thought there was definitely a problem with her mind.

* * *

"Why did you do that?"

Oscar, who had been walking silently for a long time, asked.

"What?"

"You've been too much around the juniors. I have a face too. How can you interrupt when I'm giving advice?"

Liz laughed like a seagull.

"What? Are you jealous?"

"Who's jealous? Of such a kid."

"But why do you care? Just think of it as buying a cute junior a meal."

"Honestly, it was a bit annoying. You know that? Nade, she kept provoking me."

"Hey, aren't you overreacting? Honestly, you were a bit nagging. They're doing their best to live, too."

"Look, you're taking sides again."

Thinking that they would really fight if they went on like this, Liz gave in.

"Okay. I was wrong. I guess I was too excited to see you after a long time."

Oscar also softened a bit when he gave in first.

"I'm sorry, too. I couldn't help but be nervous after hearing that you confessed before."

"Oh, it's all in the past. It was three years ago. Nade was sixteen then."

"But you said she was strong? From what I saw, both of them seemed to have no chance of becoming wizards. They didn't seem to have any persistence."

"Nade is really strong. I don't know about the kid named Shirone, but Nade will be able to pass."
[Translated block]
Oscar blinked his eyes.

It's been a while since he's known Liz, but she's never used the word 'strong' for herself.

"Which kid? You mean Nate?"

"Well, I'm not really sure."

"You don't know?"

Liz lifted her gaze and searched her memory.

"Blue electricity...."

"Huh?"

"Even though it's clearly in front of me, I feel like I'm only seeing an afterimage. I think Nate was that kind of junior."

Oscar couldn't understand what that feeling was like.
[Translated block]