


[262] The revealed truth (7)

The students who had slandered Shirone turned pale and murmured.

"How did this happen? Why Shirone?"

"I don't know. The first prince? And of Kazra Kingdom?"

"Well, with Shirone's talent, he can't be a commoner."

Everyone was speechless at someone's words that hit the mark.

Come to think of it, it was the right answer.

There is no guarantee that a genius will not be born in a commoner's family, but talent is also a genetic factor. The students were also mostly those who inherited genius from their parents.

They finally realized the fact that they had overlooked.

There is no guarantee that Shirone's bloodline is also a commoner just because he grew up in a commoner's family.

No, if his biological parents were commoners, they wouldn't have been able to sneak into the deep mountains and leave their child behind.

"Hey, what do we do? Kazra Kingdom is an ally of our kingdom, right? Is Shirone really going to be the king of Kazra? What if he does something bad to us?"

"St, stupid! It's not certain yet! There's no need to be scared."

"It's not certain! Do you think the kingdom would announce it so publicly without any investigation? You're saying that what we heard is not everything. They must have repeated the investigation and became confident, so Kazra sent an envoy."

That was likely to be true.

It was not somewhere else, but a letter sent by the king himself. It would be a national disgrace if Shirone was not his son.

Nevertheless, the fact that they announced it so publicly meant that they were more than 99 percent confident in the top brass.

"I don't know! Oh, shit! Everything is ruined!"

Nade was delighted to see his friends with sad faces.

Of course, Shirone wouldn't do anything bad to them just because he became king.

No, if he really became king, he wouldn't care unless he had a narrower mind than millet.

But it was human nature that they couldn't feel relieved in the position of being harmed.

Even the first-class nobles are beings who live on the country's benefits.

There are also super-national families in the world, but most of them are nothing but servants of the king.

In such a situation, Shirone was placed in a situation where he could become royalty, and as students, it was true that they felt uneasy and heavy-hearted.

"Answer me, Shirone! It's the king's order!"

Ordos shouted again when Shirone didn't give a clear answer.

But Shirone really didn't know what decision to make.

He just had a duel with Dante.

It was reported by Klein's pen and spread throughout the kingdom.

Shirone's expectations were up to there.

He didn't expect his biological parents to see the article and look for him.

Especially when his biological parents were not nobles but royalty, it was rather strange that his head didn't get paralyzed.

Shirone looked around for someone who could explain the situation to him.

Most of the students had frozen expressions, and Nade and Iruki also had nothing to advise.

What could a friend say when his biological parents wanted to find their child? It was a matter of bloodline, and moreover, it involved royalty.

Alpheus looked at Olivia.

He thought Klein's article would bring some aftermath, but it was much bigger than expected.

"Kazra Kingdom. It was the biggest fish among the candidates so far."

"That means their reliability is high. From what I saw, Shirone's talent is extraordinary. I thought maybe his biological parents could find him after reading the article, but I never thought they were royalty...."

They didn't tell Shirone, but after Klein's article came out, some families secretly requested Shirone's identity.

Strategic marriages were frequent among nobles, so there were surprisingly many illegitimate children.

Most of them didn't care about their abandoned children, but it was a different story if they were the best talents in the kingdom.

Even if there were some discrepancies, they were convinced that they were their children because of their noble arrogance.
[Translated block]


```
"Wow! No way! Shiro was a prince! This is exactly like the story I imagined! Amy, can you see my goosebumps? Look at this!"

Seriel was already lost in another world.

Shiro was a prince.

Wasn't this a romance that couldn't be replaced by a book?

"Huh? Then that means......"

Seriel realized something and looked at Amy with a surprised expression.

"Amy! Are you going to be the queen?"

"Quiet! What are you talking about?"

Amy silenced her mouth with a scary face.

In this complicated situation, Seriel's chatter was almost noise level.

It didn't matter whether Shiro was royalty or not. She was only worried about Shiro, who was confused by the situation of meeting his biological parents.

Shiro met Amy's eyes.

Seeing Shiro's expression that looked like he was about to cry, Amy also sent him a sympathetic look.

It was the king's order, so he had no choice but to follow it.

Shiro must have known that too. He just wanted to be sure that his choice was right.

Amy nodded her head.

Shiro looked at Amy again as if to ask, and after seeing Amy's smile, he turned his head to Ordos.

"Yes, I will accept the king's call."

Ordos approached Shiro as if it was natural.

"The law of the royal family is different from the law of the nobility. Especially, the law of Kazra Kingdom is strict, so you have to be careful with your manners. After taking a leave of absence from school, bring your parents who raised you."

"What? Right now?"

"What are you saying? It's the king's order! It's better to leave as soon as possible!"

Shiro felt his eyes go dark.

He had never heard of the law of Kazra Kingdom, and it was frustrating to have to take a leave of absence from school and go home all of a sudden.

More than anything, he didn't hear anything about what kind of procedure awaited him when he entered the kingdom.

He wouldn't tell him even if he asked, but shouldn't he at least know the basic things to avoid mistakes?

"Um...... Can you give me some time......!"

"Hey! You bastard! Are you defying the king's order!"

Shiro closed his mouth tightly.

What hurt him most was Ordos's attitude.

He was an administrative official of the kingdom, so he could tolerate his high-handedness.

What really hurt Shiro's heart was the king's order written on the scroll.

If they were his biological parents...... they shouldn't have called their child who had been abandoned for 18 years like this.

He didn't even hope for an apology, but if they felt any guilt in their conscience, shouldn't they have given him some convenience?

For his parents who raised him instead of them.

Alpheus poked Olivia's side.

"Help him out this time too. He won't get anything done like that."

"Hmm......"

Olivia was also thinking of stepping in if necessary.

The reason why Kazra Kingdom was stricter than Torumia was because it had only been 100 years since it separated and became independent.

But even so, Ordos's attitude was too harsh for someone who came to pick up his own child.

It probably wasn't the royal family's order.

He expected that he had received an order to give Shiro as much convenience as possible, so there was no way to see Ordos's personality as anything but that way.

His meticulous personality would help him in his work, but it was rude and arrogant to treat Shiro, who might become a prince someday, like that.

"Then please give me at least one day. My parents don't know anything. I need at least one day to persuade them."

Ordos's face turned red.

Of course, he was a manager who was famous for being bad-tempered, but he wasn't so stubborn in his own country.

But this place was Torumia, a rival country under the name of an ally, and a magic school where nobles were watching.

If he lost his spirit here, Kazra Kingdom's reputation would fall.

It was unfortunate for Shiro, but Ordos was just loyal to his country.

```

Do you want me to continue translating or do something else?
[Translated block]


Moreover, Shirone's parents are commoners.

It would have hurt his pride even if he was a noble, but it would take time to take a commoner.

"I refuse. The king's command is absolute! Therefore, right now...!"

At that moment, someone's voice came from the direction of the main gate.

"We have already secured the identity of Shirone's parents."

As the students turned around and the crowd parted, Shirone's eyes widened.

Someone she didn't expect was walking towards her.

The students were fascinated by her beautiful appearance before they even wondered who she was.

A slender body with a small face. Her features were clear and cool, and her hair was as blue as the sea, flowing down in waves along the perm.

"Wow, she's pretty. Who is she?"

"Huh? I know that person. She's a famous musician in the kingdom."

Shirone stared blankly at her.

It was Lian's sister, Ogent Reina.

Next to her was the butler Temuran, who stood with a fierce look.

Reina ignored Shirone even when their eyes met and walked straight to where Ordos was.

"Hello, Mr. Ordos. I've heard a lot about you."

Ordos was not pleased when his work was interrupted.

But Reina had a noble smell in both her appearance and attitude, so he couldn't raise his voice.

"Who are you?"

"I'm Reina of the Ogent family. I came as the representative of Lord Ogent Bishop and the legal representative of Shirone."

Ordos knew the name of the Ogent family, a well-known martial arts family in the kingdom.

And if she had the authority of a lord's representative, he couldn't show the same contemptuous attitude as before.

"I see. Then let's discuss the process of handing over Shirone. First..."

"First."

Reina interrupted him.

"I request a three-day preparation period. Shirone is a guest invited by the kingdom and has not yet learned about Kazra's laws. The chief steward of the Ogent family, Louis, left for Kazra yesterday. If we discuss the entry procedure there, it will save time. In the meantime, we will teach Shirone about Kazra's etiquette. Also, from now on, all business related to Shirone will be handled through a dedicated team of the Ogent family."

"Hmm."

Ordos thought for a moment.

He had tried to use his personal means to secure Shirone's safety quickly, but there was no use for authority to crush him now that a representative had appeared. It was now a diplomatic issue.

Anyway, since the Ogent family said they would prepare, he thought it was right to go back and discuss the administrative part with someone named Louis.

"Alright. Then I'll leave this side to you. If you have any problems, consult with my sergeant Daltos here. I'll go back to Kazra and tell them what you said."

"Yes, then I'll see you at the palace."

After a formal greeting, Ordos got on his carriage.

As he did when he came, the knights turned their bodies with a grand gesture and escorted the carriage away.

Shirone was stunned by the situation that passed by in an instant. Then she looked at Reina and tears welled up in her eyes.

She had no idea what was going on because of Ordos' scolding. Reina's appearance was like salvation to her.

"Reina sister..."

Shirone called out, but Reina was still discussing with Temuran with a serious face.

She gave instructions while pointing at some documents, and Temuran nodded and stepped back.

Reina then turned her body and approached Shirone.

As she got closer, her businesslike expression faded and her original beautiful smile appeared.

She winked at Shirone and spoke in her characteristic cheerful voice.

"Long time no see, Shirone. How have you been?"

The situation of the Ogent family (1)

Four days before Ordos came looking for Shirone, Reina visited Kaizen Swordsmanship School where Lian attended.

She had a crumpled midterm report card in her hand and her face was full of anger.

She went through the interview process and headed straight to the faculty room where she finally found him.
[Translated block]
It was Kuan, the dedicated teacher of Lian.

Before he was injured, he had made a name for himself on the battlefield, but now it was a trivial matter to him.

How could Lian be the last one?

He came back from playing on Galliant Island and said his swordsmanship was better than ever, but the school's evaluation was undoubtedly a failure.
[Translated block]