


[606] To Someone (4)

* * *

Liz, who stayed up all night waiting for Oscar, buried her head in the table, leaving her cold coffee.

"Sigh."

She didn't know her heart would be so troubled when she took a long vacation and came to Creas.

'Did he meet another woman?'

It was something she couldn't even imagine until she heard from Nade, but it was true that Oscar didn't come without any signs.

'Nade is not a person who lies.'

How did it come to this?

She just wanted to see him one last time before promising a lifetime with Oscar.

"Don't move!"

In the warehouse of the alchemist Wiz, Nade took down six wizards in an instant.

When he tried to deal with the remaining one wizard, the concentric circle of flames holding Liz blazed up.

"Don't move a finger. If you do something wrong, this woman dies."

The technique of time division was essential for a wizard from the guild, and the only way left was to threaten Nade by taking Liz hostage.

"Tsk."

When Nade calmed the lightning wrapped around his body, a smile finally appeared on Wiz's face.

"That's it! Get rid of it!"

In the situation where Liz was caught, he couldn't cast another magic, so the wizard hesitated.

It was also foolish to honestly say, 'This is all I can do.'

'That's why people from the streets...'

Wiz, who realized from the expression of the wizard who was looking at the situation, frowned and soon found a new solution.

'That's it!'

If he shot Nade with Ultrix, which emits electric energy, it would burn without a trace.

When Wiz activated Ultrix, Liz's face turned pale.

"Nade! Run away!"

"Shut up."

The wizard who threatened Liz warned Nade.

"Don't move if you want to save the woman."

Even though he wondered if this trade was worth it, surprisingly, Nade took a completely disarmed posture.

"Do whatever you want."

"Nade, why...?"

Looking at Nade, who was exposed to Ultrix defenselessly, Liz made the only choice.

'I have to die.'

When she stepped outside the concentric circle of fire, the flames soared to the ceiling.

"Stupid!"

At the same time as Nade shouted, Wiz fired Ultrix.

"Argh!"

The electricity that flew out at the speed of light hit Nade, and even the cruel Wiz had to close his eyes tightly.

"Argh!"

When he opened his eyes at the sound of Nade's groaning, a spectacle that even he, who had been an alchemist for 30 years, could not believe unfolded.

"What, what is that?"

A tremendous shock was wrapping around Nade's body.

"Immune to electricity?"

It's impossible with a human body, no, a biological body.

The only possibility is one.

"No way?"

The moment Nade's body disappeared like lightning, he passed through the wizard's flame.

Liz, who was suddenly held in Nade's arms, raised her head.

"Nade?"

"Krrrrk!"

Nade, whose face was covered with blood from his neck, seemed to be desperately holding something back, gritting his teeth.

"This doesn't make sense......"

When the flame that missed the target lost its power and went out, the wizard finally realized.

Spark, which can be said to be the highest mobility technique in the electric series.

"Mr. Wiz! Hurry!"

Thinking that he had to kill Nade before he changed his mind, the wizard shouted.

In the meantime, Ultrix's muzzle had finished preparing to burn the object in front of it with a strong electric energy.

"No!"

Seeing Nade, who was exposed to Ultrix defenselessly, Liz made the only choice.

'I have to die.'

When she stepped outside the concentric circle of fire, the flames soared to the ceiling.

"Stupid!"

At the same time as Nade shouted, Wiz fired Ultrix.

"Argh!"

The electricity that flew out at the speed of light hit Nade, and even the cruel Wiz had to close his eyes tightly.

"Argh!"

When he opened his eyes at the sound of Nade's groaning, a spectacle that even he, who had been an alchemist for 30 years, could not believe unfolded.

"What, what is that?"

A tremendous shock was wrapping around Nade's body.

"Immune to electricity?"

It's impossible with a human body, no, a biological body.

The only possibility is one.

"No way?"

The moment Nade's body disappeared like lightning, he passed through the wizard's flame.

Liz, who was suddenly held in Nade's arms, raised her head.

"Nade?"

"Krrrrk!"

Nade, whose face was covered with blood from his neck, seemed to be desperately holding something back, gritting his teeth.

"This doesn't make sense......"

When the flame that missed the target lost its power and went out, the wizard finally realized.

Spark, which can be said to be the highest mobility technique in the electric series.
[Translated block]


"But unlike the teleportation of the photon series, it was a magic that was impossible to cast without special equipment because it burned even the body of the wizard.

"Run away. Now... I can't stand it."

Nade, who pushed Liz away, turned her body around, unable to control her desire to kill.

"Please, dodge!"

The moment Wiz and the wizard scattered in different directions, Nade screamed and released his boiling power.

At the same time as the warehouse flashed, thousands of currents twisted like wires and pushed the front straight away.

* * *

"You... this kid."

Nade, who was hit by Lightning Thunder, bent his body and trembled, then lifted his head with terrifying eyes.

The moment Oscar met those eyes, he felt as if all his blood was evaporating.

"How can electricity...!"

The reactions of those who first encountered Nade's peculiar phenomenon were always the same.

And those who are ignorant of magic are terrified, but if you are a person who is familiar with magic, you are all amazed and think of one thing.

"Magic harmony?"

Or it is called magic match.

It is a phenomenon in which the mind of a wizard is completely matched with magic, and the anecdote of the Ice Queen exiled to the Les Mountains was typical.

But this is a phenomenon that is impossible to approach if you are a wizard with a normal way of thinking.

Wizards are basically rational people, and magic harmony is a state of mind that matches the phenomenon of nature, that is, the most irrational state of mind.

That's why wizards who were caught in magic harmony caused disasters wherever they went, and their words were always miserable.

'No, it's impossible.'

Nade was definitely talking to him normally until a little while ago.

But the figure of Nade, who was approaching wrapped in electricity, was definitely electricity itself.

"Die."

At Nade's declaration, Oscar hastily cast teleportation.

As soon as he was there, lightning fell like a whip, and a radius of 20 meters was scorched with an absurd thunder sound.

"Uaaaaaak!"

Oscar, who was rolling on the floor with a shock wave, burst into a scream.

A thought that is not human, but electricity.

The emotion that came to mind, wrapped around Nade like the nature of electricity, was nothing but a natural desire to destroy everything.

"Kueuuuuu!"

A completely twisted face, all the blood vessels were popping out, and blue light was pouring out of his eyes.

'I'm going to die. Really dead.'

A destructive instinct without purpose.

The sight of the phenomenon of nature walking as a human was exactly the same as the fear that Prinz had experienced before, and Oscar was trembling with his limbs.

"Sa, save people...!"

With the casting of Spark, Oscar's body arrived at a place 100 meters away.

"Kuk!"

When Nade was nailed to a wooden pillar, a strong shock exploded in the back of his head, and a wringing voice was heard.

"Why... did you do that?"

The moment he heard that question, Oscar also found a glimmer of hope, just like Prinz.

'He still has reason left.'

He didn't know how it was possible, but it was clear that he would die if he didn't answer the question.

"What, what did you do?"

"Why did you bring Liz? If you like promotion, you didn't have to bring it from the beginning? You could have gone to that woman?"

"I told you not to come! I was conflicted, I also... The only way for me, who is not from a prestigious family, to enter the association was that."

"That's not an answer."

"Really! I also loved Liz!"

It was sincere, but it was a packaged sincerity.

"Die."

Oscar, whose heart sank, dropped his heart to the bottom.

"I did it just in case! The conversation might not go well, and I didn't want to lose Liz, so I brought her!"

In front of the human weakness that can't be said to be bad, Nade's power became stronger.

"Please save me. If you kill me, Liz won't even know that I cheated on her. She will resent you!"

He didn't care about that.

```
[Translated block]


What Nade was really afraid of was the guilt of killing the man she loved.

"Argh!"

But the desperate suppression of the magic phenomenon was now destroying Nade's mind as if it had reached the limit of patience.

"Go. Get out of here quickly...."

The moment Nade's hand lost strength and Oscar collapsed, the last limit broke.

"Argh!"

Oscar's scream, crawling and writhing, was buried in the noise of the electric shock that was blowing up all around.

"Save, save people!"

Electricity like the fangs of a beast struck down one after another behind him.

He was already out of his mind, and he didn't even realize that his pants were wet with urine.

Oscar, who turned his head with a beast-like breath, saw Nade, completely wrapped in electricity, rushing towards him with white eyes.

"Ah!"

The most miserable scream of his life burst out, and someone rushed in like the wind.

"Nade!"

When Shirone, who blocked Oscar's front, cast a rampage, Nade cast a spark and moved at a right angle.

Shirone was stunned by the abnormal reaction speed that avoided the first curtain as soon as it touched the skin.

"Iruki! Quick!"

When Shirone called, Iruki immediately landed and took Oscar away.

They had been waiting for Nade, who was stuck in the Dolphin Inn, from afar, and when they cast a space move with Oscar, they heard a loud noise and ran here.

"Shirone! You too, avoid!"

Once the magic phenomenon has occurred, there should be no distinction of friends to Nade.

"Nade! It's me! Wake up!"

Shirone didn't give up and shouted, and at the same time, Nade disappeared.

There was a crackling sound, and Nade, who had suddenly approached, tore off half of Shirone's face with her hand.

The face was numb with a strong electric shock, and he heard the sound of an explosion, which was a second in the future.

'Damn explosion!'

Shirone, who hurriedly turned his face, saw Nade's hand scratching and passing by.

Without thinking about anything else, he cast a teleportation spell in a hurry and retreated 30 meters, and Shirone, who had stopped by putting his hand on the ground, stood up.

"Huh! Huh! Huh!"

His heart was pounding like crazy, and his whole body was shaking as if he had been electrocuted.

One of the two legs that were supporting the weight lost its strength and collapsed.

'I told you it's not good.'

Iruki, who had already escaped the radius, clicked his tongue.

The current Nade was not a magician, but a magic, not a human, but an electricity.

And that's a twisted electricity.

'It's not fear. It's my friend.'

Anyone in front of Nade would feel absolute fear, but Shirone didn't give up and got up.

"Nade! It's me, Shirone! Please wake up!"

"Shirone......"

One of Nade's eyes went out and a human-like voice leaked out.

"Nade! Your mind is back......!"

"Argh!"

But that was only for a moment, and Nade cast a spark spell again, laying a thick layer of plasma on the ground.

The surroundings were flashing with lightning, and the scene where the time axis was grotesquely distorted and mixed seemed like a scene happening somewhere in the distant universe.

"How can that happen?"

Oscar, who was watching the battle with a crazy expression, muttered.

'A graduating class student?'

He had gained a lot of pride as a magician by acquiring a license, but he had never even thought that such a monstrous and nonsensical fight could exist.

'Is that still a friend?'

Even Iruki was lost in thought this time.

The fact that Shirone could face Nade's transcendent slaughter head-on proved that Shirone's spirit was also beyond the fear of nature and at the height of asceticism.

'But Shirone, you know?'

Even so, it was better to stop this fight as soon as possible.

"There is no limit to magic."

"Ah!"

When Nade, who failed to catch Shirone, screamed, the electricity exploded and burned everything.
[Translated block]


"We're going to die! We're going to die!"

Oscar couldn't even think about avoiding the wave of electricity coming at him like a tsunami.

'I can't stop this!'

Looking at the huge natural phenomenon, Shiro stretched his arm back.

'Yes, Iruki. It's definitely different when you see it yourself.'

He had to admit that he had to be prepared to die himself to stop Nade.

"Diamond Armor!"

The moment Shiro, who had grabbed Armand's handle, shouted, Nade rushed in with thunder.
[Translated block]