


[221] 1. Memories of Galliant (1)

Kergo Autonomous District.

The room where Sirone and his party stayed was neatly arranged.

A black sphere was born in the space filled with quiet air. The sphere looked like a two-dimensional hole, and five people were spit out from there.

Amy, who rolled on the floor, crawled to the portal and called Sirone. She couldn't believe he wasn't coming back.

Tes and Arin grabbed her trying to enter the portal.

Amy hated the two who stopped her. They shouldn't have left Sirone behind.

"Let go! Get out of the way! I'm going to save Sirone!"

"Amy! You can't go back if you go in! You have to wait now!"

"What are you waiting for? You left Sirone in pieces!"

"No! Peope did......!"

Arin stopped talking and looked at the portal. Sirone was spinning and flying from the other side of the space.

Tears filled Amy's eyes.

She spread her arms and caught Sirone, rolling on the floor with the force of the spiral. She was so happy that she couldn't even feel the pain.

Arin looked at the portal of Metagate disappearing and thought of a fairy who stayed in heaven.

'Thank you, Peope.'

The portal opened in the room that Kergo chief gave them.

Heaven was far away, but they came back through Gepin's door, so there was no relativity of time. Calculating the difference in solar power, it seemed that about three days had passed.

"Lian! Lian......"

Tes's tears fell on Lian's face. He came back alive, but he wasn't happy. He used to say that he would become the best swordsman in the world as a habit, but he lost his arm.

Lian's right arm was only bones left. He tried to pull out his greatsword, but his fingers didn't open.

Tes was stunned. How could he hold a sword without muscles, even with ligaments cut off and dangling?

At that moment, the door opened with a bang and a Kergo came in.

He stared blankly at the women who hugged their partners and sent a wary look, then ran to the exit and shouted.

"They're back! They're back!"

Arin read hostility from Kergo's eyes. Amy sensed that it was not time to cry and asked.

"Arin, what's going on?"

"I don't know. But I think we'd better get out of here soon. It wasn't a friendly feeling for sure."

Amy and her party took the wounded and left the room. The structure of the cave was complicated, but no one forgot the exit.

The problem was that it was one-way.

Footsteps came from the other side of the cave, and dozens of warriors blocked the exit.

"Where are you running away, you traitors!"

Arin interpreted the language with mental resonance.

"The sin of annihilating Kergo cannot be repaid even by death! We will peel off your flesh for three days and three nights and dry you under the sun!"

The language that came through interpretation was creepy even though it was not their own language.

Amy couldn't understand the situation. They failed to fulfill Kardum's request, but it wasn't a contract from the beginning.

An old man who looked familiar stood among the warriors. His face was wrinkled and his muscles were still bulging.

"You... could it be?"

"You damn things!"

It was Kardum's voice, the chief of Kergo.

Is it possible to age so much in just a few days? Maybe decades have passed while they were in heaven.

"How dare you try to destroy Kergo! Give me back my life!"

"We don't know what happened! Why did you become like that?"

"Nonsense! How could my life have been shortened if you didn't do anything? I could have lived another 60 years!"

Arin realized suddenly.&nbsp;

'Canis did...'

Even if he had a chance to adjust his life span for all men, Canis was the only one who would make such a choice.

He supported his choice. It was cheap compared to what Kardum did to his people.

But Canis probably didn't know this would happen either.


Do you want me to generate more text based on this story? Or do you want me to do something else?
[Translated block]


As the warriors approached with a powerful aura, Amy instinctively entered the spirit zone.

She looked for Mahatu but couldn't see him.

If the half-angel faction was wiped out, this place was the enemy's den. There was no one to help.

"Capture them alive! I will give them a horrible death!"

Kergo warriors approached with their spears. Their individual strength was great, but their group ferocity was suffocating.

'What should I do? Should I block the way with a fire wall? But it's dangerous in the cave.'

As five giants charged with their spears, there was a noisy sound from the exit.

Kadum, who was terrified, looked back and shouted.

"What's going on! What's happening!"

He seemed to have lost his mind as his body aged.

Soon after, the warriors who were guarding the rear fell out towards Amy's party.

"Are you okay?"

Amy's face was bruised.

Mahatu, who she thought had been captured, was standing there. What was more surprising was the people he brought with him.

Zis, who had parted ways after finishing the translation, was standing there with the escort of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, and even the leader Marsha and the deputy leader Freeman were there.

"Zis? Why are you here?"

"No time! Hurry over here!"

Zis's words were not over before the Kergo warriors rushed in.

From their point of view, they had to catch Shirone's party at all costs.

There was already a rebellion in the Kergo autonomous region.

The residents joined the half-angel faction, and if this stalemate continued, the angel faction could not avoid ruin.

"Freeman! Go get the kids!"

Marsha kicked Freeman's butt with her foot.

Freeman, who did not climb the reverse technique tree, boasted a swift movement.

The warriors' spears could not touch a single hair of his. It was a schema of a gunner who gave up regeneration and focused on speed.

Tuka! Tuka! Tuka!

As Freeman went into the enemy camp and fired his gun in all directions, the warriors slammed into the cave wall. Soon only Freeman was left in his place, and around him was a thick smoke of gunpowder.

Amy wondered if this man was really the same man she had faced. His fighting style changed completely when he changed his schema.

"Let's go. We can't hold out for long."

"Oh, yes!"

Amy's party followed the Parrot Mercenary Corps out of their seats.

Kadum's warriors chased after them, but they were not a threatening number.

The dictator who had ruled Kergo for hundreds of years had lost all his power along with his physical aging.

"No! Don't go! I don't want to die like this! Please give me back my life!"

Kadum's scream echoed in the cave.

@

While escaping from Toa Mountain, Shirone's party was able to hear from Mahatu what had happened.

As Kadum's body aged, the priests declared martial law and imprisoned the half-angel faction.

The person who rescued them was Zis.

He arrived in the autonomous district to pay off Falcoa's medical expenses and sensed an uneasy atmosphere and started an investigation.

He then realized that Mahatu was imprisoned in jail and arrived here with the Parrot Thieves Corps.

"Thank you, Zis. If it weren't for you, we wouldn't have survived."

Zis's face turned red at Amy's compliment.

"It's nothing. Compared to what you guys did for me, it's nothing. But are you okay? Why did only the guys end up like this?"

Amy looked at Shirone's condition. He still showed no signs of waking up.

"It happened like that. Can we find a doctor on the island? Or should we go to the magic guild?"

Marsha looked around at the wounded. Even if Shirone and Canis were just unconscious, Lian's condition was serious.

All the flesh on his right arm had been peeled off. He should have died from excessive bleeding with this kind of wound, but for some reason blood did not flow.

"Why is Lian like this? No, more than that, how did you treat him? Is it really okay to leave him like this?"
[Translated block]


```text
Tes sobbed and said.

"I don't know. I ate the giant's arm, and it seems like it's because of that. I'll fix it somehow if I can just survive."

"Giant? Eat your arm? What the hell are you talking about?"

Tes just shook his head.

When they arrived at the entrance of Toa Mountain, the parrot thieves' carriage was waiting.

Mahatu bowed his head and conveyed his remorse.

"I endangered the angel of God by the immorality of the chief. Please forgive me."

The half-angel faction was a faction created to oppose those who filled their selfish desires in the name of God.

From the perspective of heaven, it was a heresy and a way of thinking that could cause the final war, but Amy could not blame Mahatu.

"It seems that some rascal among my colleagues thought Kadum was unpleasant. We're sorry. I'm glad things went well, but we almost caused a lot of sacrifices."

"It was something that had to happen once. If Kadum had been strong, overthrowing the regime would have been followed by much more sacrifice. Thank you."

Amy waited for Mahatu to say something else.

But he didn't ask anything to the person who had been to heaven. He chose independence.

Amy boarded the carriage. As Mahatu's priority was the happiness of his people, her priority was also the well-being of her friends.

Mahatu did not move until Amy's party disappeared beyond the horizon.

@

"Hurry up! Hurry!"

Marsha searched Galiant Island and brought in one member and four recovery mages into Jis's house.

The member who checked Lian's condition was startled.

He prayed that this boy had not suffered such torture while he was conscious.

"This, this..."

Tes clung to him crying.

"Member! Please fix it! You can fix it, right?"

The member closed his mouth like a mute. What on earth are you asking me to do? Fixing means restoring something that is broken. He couldn't make something new that had disappeared altogether.

"There's no way out. I'm not a great member, but anyone else would be the same. You have to cut it off or you might die."

"Cut off? This kid is a swordsman! He said he would become the strongest swordsman in the world!"

"You have to cut it off from below your shoulder. Unless you want to be the strongest corpse in the world."

Tes knelt down weakly. The member was right. No one would be sane when they woke up and saw only bones left in their arms. The blood wasn't flowing yet, but it was an unpredictable thing when bleeding would occur again.

"Keeu! This... is no joke."

The recovery mages paired up with their colleagues and bestowed recovery magic on Sirona and Canis.

They were casting Healing, which increases biological abilities, and Purify, which clears their minds, but they felt like pouring water into a bottomless poison.

"What on earth happened? Who are these kids? I've never seen anyone who doesn't wake up even after treating them for so long in my life."

Amy said.

"They are magic school students, so they will be harder than others."

"Hmm! You have to rest for an hour if you last more than 10 minutes. You've already exceeded your limit!"

"Please hold on for 10 more minutes! I'll give you as much money as you want."

"How about giving me a date instead of money at this age? You look just like my first love."

Amy opened her eyes wide and quickly nodded her head.

"Yes? Okay! I'll do it, so please try a little harder."

"...Don't make me appreciate your wit. Anyway, they must be precious people. I'll do my best as far as I can."

"Thank you! Thank you!"

As Amy repeatedly expressed her gratitude, the mage casting Purify scolded his colleague.

"You, don't make such a harsh joke."

"Did you know?"

"No, I remember very well that your first love was the ugliest among ugly women."
```
[Translated block]
The two old men burst into laughter. They had never seen the light of their lives as an unofficial 9th-class magician, but they felt their blood boil for the first time in a long time.

"Shall we go full power for a while?"

As he amplified the healing magic, Shirone's body shone brightly.

The magicians on Canis' side, who had a competitive spirit, also strengthened their magic to not lose to them.

The doctor who finished preparing for the surgery gave instructions to Tess.

"Come on, lie him down here. There will be a lot of blood, so prepare enough towels."

Tess moved Ryan's body to the center of the bed, sobbing and sniffling. Then the doctor took out a saw that made him feel grim from his bag.

He lost consciousness and didn't even need anesthesia. Even if he was awake, it was not a pain that could be endured with local anesthesia.
[Translated block]