


[317] One-third (3)

He retired from active duty, but his influence as a first-class noble was immense. That's why many of his cousins approached him to greet him.

Shirone took his friends and went to Shakora. And when there were no other nobles around, he greeted him.

"Hello."

"Oh, it's Shirone. How have you been?"

"Yes, thanks to you."

Isis came up with a sad face.

"Shirone, how's our Amy? Huh? Do you think she can pass?"

"How would Shirone know that? Don't bother the poor kid and just stay calm."

Isis's lower lip protruded at Shakora's scolding.

"Haha! It's okay. I saw her yesterday and she seemed to be in good condition."

"Hmm, that's a relief."

A sign of relief crossed Shakora's face. He loved his daughter as a father, and even though he pretended not to, he seemed quite nervous. Even a first-class noble was just a parent in front of his child.

Iruki and Nade, who were standing behind Shirone, also greeted him. Especially when he heard the name Mercodain, Shakora also showed interest.

"So, you're Iruki. How's your father?"

"Yes. Well... he still exists."

It was a rude thing to say in such a place, but Shakora just laughed.

To be honest, Iruki was quite decent. Compared to his father who was the epitome of eccentricity.

"Shirone, when are you going to bring your friends home?"

"Yes. I'll definitely do that."

Shakora and Isis finished their greetings and headed for the entrance where the cousins were entering. Shirone also entered the colosseum through the student-only door.

The juniors and classmates gave him envious looks, but he wasn't lonely. Because one or two kids who didn't care about things like status and were only crazy about magic gathered around Shirone. After all, don't you have to be at the same level to do a spectator review?

Dante led Closer and Sabina. On the other side, Canis and Arin appeared, and Boyle and Pandora followed behind. Finally, Mark, who knew how to make good use of his senior's connection, brought Maria and confidently entered the VIP seat.

Except for Mark and Maria, the final 10 who were sure to graduate next year were gathered in one place. Perhaps because they knew they couldn't drop any of them and get into the graduating class themselves, the classmates were impressed by them being together.

Dante raised his mouth and asked.

"How does it feel to send your lover to the battlefield?"

Shirone looked down at the stadium.

"I don't know yet. What do you think?"

Then Dante also looked at the stadium and said.

"It seems like there is some level difference between the participants. Objectively speaking, she has enough ability to be in the top 10. But as much as that, the test subject depends on what it is, the variable will work greatly. Accidental situations usually occur from asymmetry of power."

Shirone couldn't argue with Dante, who majored in information processing.

As they were talking, Sabina raised her hand to Nade.

"Hi."

"Oh, hi."

Nade answered politely because they weren't close enough to greet each other separately.

Sabina waited for a long time as if waiting for something else to come out, but when Nade didn't even show interest, she sulked and sat next to Dante. Pandora snickered.

"Seniors, we're starting."

The 30 students who participated in the graduation exam stood in a row in the center of the colosseum. They all wore two thousand bracelets.

But the audience had no problem watching even without bracelets. The place where the graduation exam was held was designed by national regulations as a highest grade two thousand number. The entire colosseum was like a giant image zone.

Arin clasped her hands and prayed for Amy's success. Canis frowned and said.

"Does that help? If you think you can pass by praying, anyone can become a magician. Besides, you don't believe in God, do you?"
[Translated block]


```text
"Chi! But I'm nervous. Don't you hope Amy passes?"

"Who cares who passes? It's not my test."

Arin looked at Canis with a hurtful heart. But his eyes were not indifferent. Canis, who was looking at the stadium with his chin propped up, saw Amy in his eyes. He slightly lifted his mouth as he saw her burning with a pre-war posture.

'Try hard, pumpkin.'

The teachers, centered on Alpheus and Olivia, took their seats, and the seniors were on the left and the scouts and correspondents were on the right.

Alpheus's opening speech ended and Olivia explained the test evaluation items.

The test was divided into two stages, and two of the six items were chosen by roulette. Students didn't know what they would get, so they had to train all the items evenly.

It was a rule set to match the fairness of non-combat magicians, and it was a consideration of the Magic Association to give a little more weight to repeaters.

The pre-event ended with the students swearing to compete fairly.

The 30 participants stood roundly along the wall of the Colosseum, and Sad, who was in charge of the progress, shouted from the podium.

"We will now begin the graduation test of Alpheus Magic School!"

A huge circular hologram appeared in the sky of the Colosseum. The six items were divided into exact proportions, and the central compass began to rotate at a fast speed.

The participants clenched their fists and performed a permutation formula.

As soon as the compass stops, two thousand times are activated. They had to move at the same time as they judged.

Finally, the compass pointed to the first test item.

"Wowaaaaaa!"

The people's cheers filled the Colosseum.

* * *

Night came.

People rushed out of the Colosseum exit. They all had excited faces. Shiroe's party also didn't say anything until they came out.

Nade looked back at Shiroe at the exit of the Colosseum.

"What do you want to do, Shiroe? I'm hungry with Eruki, so I think I need to eat something."

"Yeah. Go ahead. I'll go with Amy."

"Okay, then. See you tomorrow."

Shiroe sent his friends away and melted his cold heart with white breath. A light came in from the Colosseum side and he turned around. The names of the successful candidates appeared on the scoreboard. From first place to tenth place. A total of 10 students became magicians and left for the outside world.

&nbsp;1st place Olt Amira

&nbsp;2nd place Ludwig O'Connell

&nbsp;3rd place Connie Kale

&nbsp;4th place Tanto Selena.

&nbsp;5th place Ekins Samuel

&nbsp;6th place Aresa Depo

&nbsp;7th place Portris Seriel

&nbsp;8th place Lara Coril

&nbsp;9th place Andres Raul

&nbsp;10th place Dorin Rixton

Amy's name was not there.

She was eliminated as soon as the first test started.

The first evaluation item was combat power measurement. It was advantageous for combat magicians, so students focused on Amy. No, it was not an exaggeration to say that it was a one-sided lynch. Seriel didn't even have time to use his hand before his mental gauge hit 0.

It was a result that broke the experts' analysis, but this was also a variable of the graduation test. Amy must have expected it too and prepared thoroughly for it.

That's why it was bitter.

Collusion is a natural process in combat. If one side's power grows, weak ones have no choice but to stick together. But it felt like strong ones colluded. Is it an illusion?

It was a melee at first. There were not only people who wanted combat magic, but also 30 people, so firepower had to be dispersed.

But things changed when Fermi's party started acting.

They only attacked Amy. And while avoiding all attacks from other students.

This lasted for about a minute, and then students who didn't notice at first realized it. It's easier if you join Fermi's side.
```
[Translated block]


```text
In the end, everyone except Seriel attacked Amy, and in such a situation, even Amy, the world's best, had no room to resist. It was a tactic that was impossible unless Fermi's party had more combat power than all the other participants combined.

Can this really be called a natural collusion?

The really strange thing is that none of Fermi's party passed the test. Rather, when they clashed with Samuel, they even felt like they were losing on purpose.

‘Samuel.’

Most of the students felt that there were several times when Fermi's party pushed Samuel in the first test. It was just that the feeling was so subtle that it was difficult to make a judgment.

The cruelty of the graduation test? There were too many strange things to blame it like that. Above all, it was uncomfortable that Fermi, who had never missed first place for six years, was at the center of all suspicions.

‘It might be a misunderstanding. There is no guarantee that such a case will not occur on the battlefield. No, even if it's not a misunderstanding, will anything change?’

Simply put, the stronger side won in the combat power measurement. Even if it was the result of artificial collusion, it could not be another criterion for evaluating the item.

‘Unless you received a personal reward.’

There was also a possibility that there was some kind of agreement between Fermi and Samuel.

But Shirone quickly erased his thoughts. If not, it would be a great insult to Samuel. Besides, if there was such a thing, the teachers would have already started an investigation.

‘Yeah, no matter how much I think about it, it's not something I can do anything about.’

Now he was only worried about Amy.

She was eliminated early, so she must have recovered her mental strength by now. But when he thought of her feelings of having to watch the test in the waiting room for a long time, his heart felt heavy.

Amy's parents came out of the exit for parents only. Shirone didn't know what expression to make as he approached them.

“Shirone…….”

Isis greeted Shirone with moist eyes. It was natural for Shacora with red eyes and Isis who was also a famous dancer to not notice the strange points of the combat situation.

“Shirone, how can this happen? Amy failed. It's like…….”

“You, be careful what you say. How do you think Amy feels when she hears that?”

Shacora stopped his wife from speaking.

He also thought there were some suspicious parts. But it wasn't so strange that it went beyond normal limits.

Except for the fact that Fermi's party failed all together, the flow of the battlefield was rational and reasonable. And since the second test was a non-combat item, he couldn't argue that Fermi's party's failure was unnatural.

Shirone swallowed dry saliva as he watched the test failures come out. When he saw Amy coming out of the middle group, he felt his head turn white.

Amy looked at Shirone once and then went to her parents. And she smiled with her eyes and stuck out her tongue.

“Hehe, dad, mom. Sorry. I fell off nicely.”

“It can't be helped because it's a test. You did your best. So don't be too sad.”

“What are you sad about? Ahh, I think I made a wrong judgment. I'll have to wait until next year.”

Shirone felt relieved by Amy's bright appearance, but at the same time worried.

She can't be feeling normal. She is thinking of her family's feelings first.

This time, the passers came out. Seriel came up to Amy in tears.

“Amy, Amy…….”

Amy was sincerely happy for her friend's success.

How could she not? Today Seriel graduated from magic school and took her first step as a magician.

“Congratulations, Seriel. Do your best for me too. I'll catch up soon.”

Seriel shook his head.

Why is it not Amy but herself? Anyone who saw it would have thought that Amy should have been the one who passed.

She should have noticed sooner. If she had quickly sided with Amy when Fermi's party lynched her, the flow of battle might have been different.
```
[Translated block]
"Seriel... I..."

Amy grabbed Seriel's shoulder.

"Seriel, snap out of it. You passed the test. Do you understand what I'm saying? You took your graduation exam, and I took mine. And you passed. Nothing else matters."

Seriel tried to swallow her tears.

She shouldn't cry. How could she cry when Amy wasn't crying?
[Translated block]