
"Good evening, Mr. Zion. I apologize for the delay. I had some trouble getting here." Arius said as he bowed slightly.

Zion nodded and gestured for him to sit down. He poured a cup of tea for Arius and handed it to him.

"No need to apologize. I'm glad you made it. I have something important to discuss with you." Zion said, his voice serious.

Arius took a sip of the tea and looked at Zion with curiosity. He noticed that Zion's sister, Uorin, was also present, playing with a cat on her lap.

"What is it, Mr. Zion? Is it about the angel's power?" Arius asked, hoping to hear some good news.

Zion frowned and shook his head.

"No, not yet. I'm still working on it. But I have a bigger problem right now. It's about Shirone." Zion said, his eyes flashing with anger.

Arius felt a chill run down his spine. He knew who Shirone was. She was the leader of the White Line, a rival faction of the Black Line that Arius belonged to. She was also a powerful mage who had recently challenged Zion in a public duel.

"What about her?" Arius asked cautiously.

Zion slammed his fist on the table, making the cups rattle.

"She humiliated me in front of everyone! She mocked my offer and unleashed a devastating spell that almost destroyed the arena! She declared war on me and my family!" Zion shouted, his face red with rage.

Arius swallowed hard. He had heard about the duel, but he didn't know the details. He wondered what Zion had offered Shirone that made her so angry.

"Mr. Zion, calm down. What did you offer her?" Arius asked gently.

Zion took a deep breath and tried to compose himself.

"I offered her a partnership. A chance to join forces and take over the city. To share the angel's power and rule together." Zion said, his voice lowering.

Arius blinked in surprise. He couldn't believe what he was hearing.

"You offered her that? Why?" Arius asked, incredulous.

Zion looked at him with a serious expression.

"Because she's the only one who can help me unlock it. She's the only one who has the same blood as me." Zion said, revealing a shocking secret.

Arius gasped. He realized what Zion meant. Shirone was Zion's sister. His twin sister.
[Translated block]


"It's been a long time, Prince No. 1. Oh, you're here too, Your Highness."

Zion snorted. In this situation, the title of Prince No. 1 was nothing but a shell.

"Sit down first. I have something to talk to you about."

As Arius gestured for permission and sat down on a chair, Uorin poured him some tea.

He took the teacup with both hands and looked at Zion.

"Why did you call me? Are you tired of the object I saved for you last time?"

Uorin shook her finger and corrected him.

"Hey, you didn't save it for me. You sold it to me for money."

"Haha! That's true if you argue. But you know that it's not something you can buy with money, right? The object, I mean."

Zion didn't want to have any trivial chatter.

"The object is not the problem."

"Oh, then what is it?"

"Don't beat around the bush when you know! It's clear now. Why my father called Siroene to the palace. To dig up Arkaxia, right?"

"It's not Arkaxia, it's Ataraxia. And digging? Please call it extraction."

Zion took a deep breath and calmed his mind. He wouldn't be able to get to the point even if a day passed if he got caught up in Arius' witty conversation.

"So... how far has that plan progressed?"

"Hmm, that's difficult even for Prince No. 1. First of all, I'm also a body that belongs to His Majesty, so I can't reveal any secrets."

Zion reached out his hand to the north. As Armand flew in as if sucked in, he immediately swung it and aimed it at Arius' neck.

"I'm not joking right now, okay? It would be better if you spoke properly."

Arius only relaxed after the knife came in and sipped his tea.

But there were many thoughts going on in his head.

Zion was nothing but a bratty kid. On the other hand, Armand was an annoying weapon. It was a pity that he had given it to a royal family who was out of place.

"If you ask me how far it has progressed, maybe... 49 percent?"

It wasn't a lie. Everything is half done when it starts, and since it hasn't started yet, 49 percent is appropriate.

Uorin burst into laughter when she realized what he meant, but Zion seemed to think that it was quite advanced and flinched.

"Stop it. No, get rid of Ataraxia altogether. You can do that if you're a grave robber, right?"

Arius snorted.

How pathetic he is. How can he say that he will remove the power of the archangel who came to the world?&nbsp;

Ataraxia was a treasure of humanity that had to be analyzed someday even if he didn't dig it up.

"Let me tell you again, I'm a body hired by His Majesty...."

"I'll give you as much money as you want."

Arius closed his mouth.

He had made a lot of money while dealing with Zion. Of course, he enjoyed digging more than money, but he had already broken up with Orkamp anyway. If he could make a big deal at the end and retire, wouldn't he be able to get some retirement money?

"Hmm."

Arius finally revealed his true nature as he pondered.

As his cold snake eyes appeared, Zion shuddered even though he was holding a knife at his neck.

But Arius' thin eyes were not looking at Zion, but at Uorin.

'Beautiful.'

It wasn't an emotion he should feel for a fourteen-year-old girl, but she was really cool. With her mysterious appearance and the halo of Terazera added, she was a tempting fruit.

He had analyzed the minds of countless people so far, but he couldn't figure out what Uorin was thinking at all.

When he first worked as a diver, he enjoyed looking into the naked desires of humans.

Desires that were so dull, ugly, and bizarre.

But after performing more than 800 dives, no human mind felt new anymore.
[Translated block]


In that situation, Uorin was a subject that could show him a new world that he had never experienced before.

If he could dive for the last time before he died, the target would have been Uorin, not Ataraxia.

"First of all, let me tell you the exact progress. Currently, Shirone's Ataraxia is impossible to extract. Because it is encapsulated. But if you want, I can dig out Ataraxia whole and give it to you, Prince."

"Give it to me? Ataraxia?"

"Yes. You will own the power of the Archangel."

Zion swallowed his saliva. At this moment, his face was stuck with Orkamp.

No, anyone who confirmed the power of Ataraxia would have the same reaction.

But Uorin didn't seem to apply, and immediately noticed the error in the words.

"You said it was impossible to extract earlier?"

"That's if it's a normal way. Ataraxia is estimated to be staying in the deep sea among Shirone's consciousness. In other words, it's too deep. The deeper you dive into your psyche, the stronger your ego's resistance becomes. If it's a deep sea level, you'll be buried as soon as you enter."

Zion asked Armand to take him and asked.

"Then how do you dig?"

"There is one way."

Arius was going to make the same suggestion he had made to Orkamp.

But unlike before, he hesitated.

If he could turn the situation around, this was his last chance. As soon as he made this suggestion, he would completely break up with Orkamp. He also had to leave Kazra as soon as the job was over.

"Tell me! How can I have Ataraxia?"

As Zion shut up, Arius said in a cold voice.

"It is to extract Shirone's brain."

Not only Zion, but also Uorin looked surprised.

"Brain... extraction?"

"To be precise, it is to collapse Shirone's unconsciousness. Consciousness is subjective in the brain, but unconsciousness is connected to the body. Therefore, if you separate the brain and body, your ego's resistance will be significantly weakened even if you go deep into your consciousness. Of course, you don't need to open your skull. Just above your neck will do."

Arius drew his neck with his thumb.

Zion nodded as if he understood.

"In other words, you just have to kill Shirone."

"Well, I don't like inductive thinking. It's not always that you die when your neck is cut off, right? I'm not saying let's kill Shirone, I'm just telling you a safe way to infiltrate your unconsciousness."

Zion was absurd. Surely this remark was not meant to be unrelated to assassinating the first prince candidate.

"You don't die when your neck is cut off? You're completely crazy."

Arius smiled as if he had received a compliment.

"There is one thing I learned while living as a digger, there is no one in the world who is not crazy."

Zion refused to deal with the crazy words and went straight to the point.

"Can I extract Ataraxia if I bring Shirone's neck?"

"If you ask me if it's possible, it's possible. But you can't take too long. You have to go in as soon as your neck is cut off. 'Just in case' if you die, your mind will disappear too."

"So quickly? It's only about 10 seconds left for life when your neck is cut off."

"Time flows slowly in unconsciousness. The door has been installed, so go in as soon as you cut Shirone's neck. There you will dive up to level 1. Then dig out the real Ataraxia. Then it becomes yours, Prince."

Zion puffed up his cheeks and exhaled with a whoo! He walked around the gallery.

Even so, assassination out loud. Isn't it too hasty?

No, this is right. As time goes by, the number of neutrals sticking to Orkamp will increase. If he had to act before the paternity test results came out, today was the best time.
[Translated block]


Arius read the will in Zion's eyes and smiled with satisfaction. He was definitely closer to a king than an orc chief.

As if he had already heard the answer, Arius asked.

"So, how much will you buy it for?"

Zion also answered by not objecting.

Now the negotiation table was set. He suggested a reasonable bid after thinking carefully.

"2.7 billion gold."

Arius asked back with a slightly reluctant expression.

"Hmm, wasn't Armand's trade price 3 billion gold?"

"So what? Are you saying that his magic is more valuable than my magic sword?"

The 2.7 billion that Zion proposed was the amount that came out of doing so.
[Translated block]