


[362] Magic Association (8)

All the magicians in the bunker walked to the elevator.

Shirone didn't understand what was going on. Why did he fail? Even if he blocked the photon cannon, that was Gaold's greatness, not his own incompetence.

'Isn't this enough power?'

No, did Gaold expect a certain level of skill from him from the beginning?

"President."

Everyone waiting for the elevator to come down turned their heads to Shirone.

"Please give me one more chance."

Plu snorted in disbelief. He dared to ask for a second chance from a first-class grand magician. It was clear that he had no respect for the association beyond being impudent.

But this time, she didn't need to step in. Gaold was walking towards Shirone with a cold look.

He thought the same as Plu. A toy that lost its value of play was nothing but trash.

"Are you mistaken? This is not a place for you. You came here to verify your qualifications to be my tool. But you couldn't even pass that."

Shirone admitted that he had made a mistake.

"I won't ask you to treat me the same as before. I don't care if it's a real battle if you give me a chance. So please give me another chance to demonstrate."

Gaold's face lost its emotion. All that was left was a cold aura.

He was not an authoritative person. But he was not so kind as to tolerate the flattery of a useless kid.

"Can I attack? You mean, you want to fight me?"

"It's not fighting......"

"Shut up."

A surge of energy came out of Gaold, blocking Shirone's sight. Then flames wrapped around him, and a sea of fire spread out.

He knew it was an illusion, but he felt his flesh burning from the heat. His head was filled with pain, screams, and sorrow, and he couldn't think of anything.

Plu's face turned pale as she guessed Shirone's condition.

'This is bad. He's really trying to kill him.'

Anyone who fell into Gaold's ultimate skill, Inferno Hell, would be crushed by a terrible fear and lose their sanity. It was a dreadful ability that could suffocate and kill people with emotions over time.

But Shirone didn't succumb to fear. He didn't shed tears or tremble. He just calmly looked at Inferno Hell.

"H-how......?"

Plu couldn't accept Shirone's calmness. Wasn't this Inferno Hell? But Gaold's monstrous face was no different from when he made her terrified.

'This is what Plu had to go through. It's scary.'

Shirone turned his head and leisurely admired his surroundings. Then he thought that hell tourism was enough and looked straight ahead again.

His eyes pierced through the front sharply. Even though he couldn't see it with his eyes, Gaold must have been standing in the real space.

'Mikea Gaold......'

When she heard from Plu, she thought he was just an exceptionally strong magician. But seeing the hell in front of him, he guessed what kind of life he had lived, or how far he had fallen.

Shirone closed his eyes and focused his thoughts on one thing. Whether it was hell or anything else in front of him, Avatar, defined by perfect law, did not waver.

Shirone opened his eyes wide. The sea of fire split left and right with a snap, and then hell disappeared in an instant. Then he saw Gaold's face, showing his whites and laughing like a monster.

"Kukuku, kukukuku."

Gaold scratched his throat and laughed, shaking his shoulders. And he looked at Shirone with burning eyes and said.

"Mental transcendence."

Kang Nan seemed to know why he brought Shirone here after this incident. He didn't know his immediate skills, but he had talent enough to go first-class.

"Mental transcendence? Are you eighteen now?"

I hope this translation helps you understand the text better. Do you want me to translate more texts for you? Or do you have any questions about the story or the characters? I'm happy to chat with you about anything related to magic or fantasy novels. 😊
[Translated block]


Gando muttered with a shocked face.

Flu was also dumbfounded. She knew what mental transcendence was. But the deeper she delved, the more she saw only vague concepts of unknown names, rather than enlightenment.

"Hmm."

Gaold stroked his chin and pondered.

The reason he thought of involving Sirone in the project was not because he was strong. There are many people in the world who are stronger than Sirone. But his ideas were definitely genius.

A unique mass assignment of the Unrocker. The countless practical magics that follow from there.

Sirone is a talent that can add genius to the team he organized. His ability to find a breakthrough in any situation is a core code that can create variables in unfavorable situations.

In that sense, it was also a talent to change the mind of a first-class great magician.

"Let's go to practice? You know what that means, right?"

"Yes. I know you're not someone to be trifled with. I don't mind dying."

Gando was worried about Sirone's spirit. A magician can easily mention death. But in a situation where death is inevitable, no magician would say such a thing.

"Good. But let me ask you one thing first."

Gaold narrowed his eyes and said.

"Why do you want to die?"

Sirone closed his mouth.

He might be the only one who saw a possibility of life in this place. That fact made him shiver like the cold of winter night.

Gaold changed his question a bit.

"So what I mean is... What are you imagining? What is your conclusion? Do you know why I called you? Do you think there is something so important behind me that you risk your life without knowing anything?"

"I don't know anything. But I have a guess."

"Oh? For example?"

Sirone recalled the face of Archangel Ikael. She was a warm and kind angel. But she was also a powerful angel who once destroyed the Kergo ruins.

Why did she... entrust him with the future?

"There is someone I have to meet once."

The first time he thought about it was after he went through the ordeal in Kazra Kingdom. To be precise, it was from when Gopin's security system was unlocked.

Behemoth, who knew the answer, disappeared with mental transcendence, but the question engraved in his brain still tormented him. That's why he had to meet Ikael.

Sirone's answer was not among the choices Gaold had expected. He felt that he was an interesting kid, but he also thought that he couldn't afford to spare him. He didn't like people who only talked.

"You're trying to use the association for your personal affairs, huh?"

Sirone didn't answer. Gaold's question was emotional and therefore missed the point. There was no need for words for questions that didn't need answers.

Gaold turned his body as if it was enough.

"Okay, I'll give you one last chance. The break time is an hour."

He must have exhausted his mental power by casting Ataraxia.

But Sirone shook his head. There was something more useful than recovering his mind if the other party gave him a favor.

"I'm fine. But I have another condition."

Sirone took out Arman from his waist.

"Please let me use Diamond Armor. I think this deserves some merit."

Gaold looked at the sword in Sirone's hand. The objet called <Magic Sword Arman> was something he already knew before it came into Sirone's hands.

"I thought you were a loser, but you know what's going on."

It means that he did his best even though he knew he couldn't win. Anyway, it saves time for Gaold, so it wasn't a bad suggestion.

"But nothing will change with just one objet. So let's make a rule."

Gaold compressed the air on his palm. A transparent sphere flickered as the density increased.
[Translated block]


"As you can see, what I use is air magic that anyone can learn. And it's the press series. I don't have talent for magic, so I don't know anything complicated. I'm just here because I'm a little more powerful than others."

A bitter smile appeared on Shirone's lips. A magician who blocked Ataraxia with one hand would have to say that all the magicians in the world were dead if he was a little more powerful.

Gauld clenched his fist and the air bubble popped with a bang.

"Anyway, the rule is this. I will catch Ataraxia again with Bakum Press. The only difference from before is that I will cast an attack magic on you once."

Gauld pointed his index and middle fingers at Shirone. A small air bubble formed on the tip of his finger.

"The magic I will attack you with is, as you can see, Air Gun. The principle is simple. It's compressing and releasing air. Is this about 10,000 presses? I don't know."

Gauld's arm quickly bounced up. As the air bubble that had been compressed with tremendous force exploded, a deafening noise was heard.

The air gun that passed by Shirone's side hit the end of the bunker. Until then, Shirone hadn't even realized that something had passed by. He just felt dizzy. Then he felt a vibration and slowly turned around.

A huge circle was collapsed around where the air gun hit, and cracks spread in all directions.

The radius of the crack was about 20 meters in diameter. He also couldn't confirm it, but the size of the air gun was no more than 2 centimeters in diameter.

Shirone stared blankly ahead without even blinking his eyes. Gauld was shaking his hand that had shot the air gun and laughing.

"Well, it's a kid's prank-like magic, but it'll sting a bit if you hit it."

Sting? Even if it was a diamond armor with the best defensive stance, it would have been instant death if it hit. But it didn't sound like a joke because it came from the mouth of a first-class great magician.

"Anyway. Try your best."

Shirone's lips trembled with a smile.

He was scary enough to be strong, but on the other hand, he wanted to challenge him because of that.

How high would the power soar when he fired a photon cannon with Arman's magic amplification, Immortal Function, Mental Transcendence, and Ataraxia's four combinations?

"Diamond Armor."

Arman swallowed Shirone vertically and transformed in an instant. The artificial brain outside spun around like a gale and fixed on Shirone's shoulder.

"I'll start."

Gauld was still relaxed even after seeing Shirone's changed appearance. He snapped his fingers while maintaining the shape of the air gun. Then Shirone rushed in as if he was drawn.

There was already a halo drawn where he had been standing. Thanks to the external time division ability, Ataraxia began to accumulate faster than before.

'Split calculation, huh? That's pretty fast too. At this rate, you'll break 50 seconds.'

Shirone swung a bone-like blade from his gauntlet. But Gauld still watched Ataraxia and dodged all attacks by shaking only his upper body.

'As expected, I can't win with brute force either. The experience of actual combat is different.'

Shirone pushed him desperately. The bunker was so wide that it was a loss to plant tentacles. But he maximized Arman's physical enhancement ability as much as possible.

'What are you doing now?'

Plu tilted his head.

Both of them were magicians, but they weren't casting magic. Gauld could only try air gun once, so let's say that, but it was strange that Shirone insisted on hand-to-hand combat.

"Why don't you use your skills? If you have time division, you have one slot left, right? If you fire attack magic continuously, you might have a chance. The chairman can't use defense magic either."

Gando spoke without taking his eyes off the battlefield.

"They're both serious."

"Huh?"

Gando was too caught up in tension to explain further.

There was no meaning in their movements anyway. The game would end in an instant anyway.
[Translated block]


'Maybe... something unexpected could happen.'
[Translated block]