


[201] 1. Mercy of God (6)

Shirone trembled as she stood up. The load per unit area had dropped below 70 percent, but it was impossible without an indestructible willpower.

The believers looked at her with astonished eyes. It was shocking to see the petite Shirone stand up, unlike Rian who was a giant.

"You give your lives to God. You do whatever he tells you to do. But only one second? If one second was so trivial to you! Then that being called God, can't he show even one second of mercy to those who believe in him!"

Igirin clenched her teeth.

159 to 159.

The ratio of faith and doubt was exactly equal. If one more count fell, the authority would disappear.

Rian's movement became much lighter. He had overcome a load close to 100 percent, so he could easily swing his greatsword with 50 percent.

Rian gave up on the statue and tapped the glass bead filled with black liquid. It cracked with a cracking sound as he struck it hard, and water began to leak out.

"Damn it! Damn it!"

He became more anxious. The amount of water coming out of the crack was not enough to prevent the drowning of the subjects.

The believers swallowed their saliva as they watched the tightrope walk between life and death.

It was bound to have a bad effect on Igirin. Because humans basically want to side with the weak.

Igirin used her last resort.

"Don't be deceived! The scales of my heart are judging you! If anyone here harbors doubt, I will personally reduce your lifespan by 50 years!"

Fear, the most effective means of maintaining power, immediately restored the faith of the believers.

216 to 102.

Her authority began to revive at a fast pace.

As the load increased, Shirone's knees bent again. She gritted her teeth and tried to endure, but it was inevitable.

What was more painful was that she could feel in her body that the attitude of the believers was turning against her.

"Shirone......"

At that moment, Kanya walked up to Shirone.

Her face was pale and drained. How could she be sane when her mother was submerged in dark water?

"Really...... can she live? I mean mom. Can she leave with a smile in front of me and Lena and dad?"

The believers looked back and forth between Kanya and the glass bead.

They left with a smile in front of their families. All they needed for that was one second.

"Of course. It's not your mother's time to die yet. You can meet her again and smile."

Tears ran down Kanya's cheeks. She didn't care what happened now.

She just wanted to see her mom. She wanted to see her mom again, who she saw in the morning.

"Then please save my mom, Shirone. Please save my mom. I don't like it. I don't want mom to become a giant."

27 to 291.

Igirin's eyes widened at the shock that struck her brain. Her authority plummeted to the bottom.

She gasped before she could even groan, and the price of impersonation was activated.

She fell vertically and hit her knees on the ground. She couldn't move a finger.

"Now's the time! Everyone go and stop it!"

As the load disappeared, Shirone's party ran out like they were scraping the floor with their feet.

Time was tight. No, it was already exceeded.

Rian smashed the glass bead with a full swing.

Amy turned off the switch of the liquid tank.

Tes stabbed his sword into the gap of the device, causing an explosion inside.

The families ran over and pulled out the subjects from the broken glass bead. But they couldn't check their condition because they were covered with sticky liquid.

The believers approached with tense expressions. If they died, they would have been decomposed.

They didn't have the courage to see the gruesome sight with their eyes.

The families began to peel off the liquid. Gradually, flesh color appeared, and eyes, nose, lips emerged.
[Translated block]


```text
Fortunately, the decomposition did not proceed. Kanya's face was soaked with tears when she found her mother.

"Mom, mom!"

She didn't melt in the liquid, but she didn't breathe either. Kanya's father ran over and started artificial respiration.

When he opened her airway and pressed her stomach, a viscous liquid refluxed and her mother coughed it out.

The believers cheered.

At this moment, there was no law in their minds. It was only joy that a life had returned to the family's embrace.

Ding. Ding. Ding.

The bell rang to signal the end of the ritual.

A solemn silence flowed in the central square.

The revived subjects looked at the bell with their families' support. According to the law, today was their last day of life, but no one had died yet.

2. The Age of Turmoil (1)

The bell rang twelve times.

The bell sound settled in the hearts of the believers gathered in the central square as an unforgettable memory.

They were still believers and followed Ra's law, but it was uncertain whether they could do so in the future.

"Chief! Are you okay?"

Peope flew to Igirin.

She felt guilty when she saw Igirin's knees crumbled. She was ashamed of herself for not doing anything while her colleagues were fighting.

Igirin tried to smile. As if to calm down the startled heart of her distant junior.

"I'm fine. It's the price that was activated when the irregular food was destroyed. It's something I have to endure. Are you okay?"

"Yes. I'm fine."

"I'm glad."

Peope couldn't look Igirin in the eye.

She knew that she hadn't participated in the battle, but she didn't even scold her and instead worried about her comfort.

She had always been burdened by her chief, but at this moment she couldn't deny her.

Igirin looked around the square with a troubled look.

The tilted statue, the shattered glass beads, the device with black smoke rising.

The ritual was perfectly invalidated. Today was a shocking day for heaven.

'Maybe it will have a bigger impact than when Miro came.'

Miro, the woman, was much stronger than the blond boy. But that's why she didn't act recklessly. She was someone who knew better than anyone else what impact her actions would have on heaven.

'What will happen now? The age of great change is coming. Heaven will change from today.'

Peope suddenly blocked Igirin and took a fighting stance. Shiroe and his party were approaching.

Igirin can't move for 24 hours. And her knees were smashed. No matter what situation comes, she can't be afraid this time.

"Hey, go away! The fight is over! If you still want to attack, I'll deal with you myself!"

Igirin stopped Peope.

"It's okay, Peope. I want to talk to this boy too."

Peope reluctantly gave way and stood next to Igirin.

Shiroe crouched down and tried to match his eye level as much as possible.

He only saw flying fairies and realized their size when they came down to the ground.

They were really handfuls.

Igirin lifted her chin as if she had nothing to fear.

"Hmph! You're a child from the world of earth, just because I lost doesn't mean that God's law is invalid. I'm also just a middle-ranking fairy of 72 ranks, so today's victory won't deify you."

"I don't care about that. I just wanted to save the life of the person who helped me. Is that such a wrong thing?"

Igirin didn't think it was wrong. But considering the impact on heaven in the future, it was an uncertain problem.

Is one life less important than ten lives? Probably not. But what about 100 million? What decision would you make for 1 billion lives?

Miro knew that fact. That's why she left heaven. In a cruel reality where one has to sacrifice one for many, she found the only answer.
```

Do you need anything else from me?
[Translated block]


```
But this boy was not like that. He did not care about efficiency in doing the right thing. He was a believer that human life could not be valued.

An extreme good.

Igrin felt the same feeling that Arcane had felt before.

"Leave this place."

It was the only thing Igrin could say.

"You have caused chaos in heaven. I can't even predict what will happen next. So leave. Disappear from our world as soon as possible."

"But we are......"

Before Sirona could finish her sentence, a red light flashed from the east.

The group turned to look at the place.

A flash of light was rising from the Second Thousand Lakia. It was a huge amount of energy release, judging by the distance.

Everyone in the square covered their ears.

A vibration that seemed like the end of the world shook the sky.

As if a nail had been hammered down, a red flash struck the middle of the square. As the flash disappeared, an angel with torn wings of light appeared.

Igrin's pupils shook with shock.

"Fallen angel Icasa...... Why are you here?"

The Second Thousand Lakia was where the fallen angels were exiled.

The beings of the Second Thousand were allowed to enter the First Thousand, but it was very rare for a fallen angel to come to the realm of the faithful. It was because their pride, who were once residents of the Sixth Thousand, did not allow them to interact with humans.

Igrin realized that the seed of chaos planted by Sirona was already changing the laws of heaven.

"I am Icasa, a lower angel. I was brewing the holy wine of Ilhwa and saw the commotion and came down to this land."

Sirona could not stop her body from trembling.

He was over two meters tall and had sharp eyes. He still had beauty because he was once an angel, but his temperament was too different from what she expected.

If the angel she saw at Nor's shelter reminded her of a bright sun, then the angel who appeared now had an atmosphere like a setting sun.

"You are the ones who deny God. Abominable things. You foolish beings who blaspheme God without knowing what kind of love you receive."

Icasa glared at Sirona with hatred.

The fallen angel was a being of the Second Thousand, therefore lower than the humans of the Third Thousand Shehakim who had obtained eternal life.

He didn't know about giants or fairies, but he was worse than humans. Why did God love humans so much?

He had been harboring anger for 20,000 years and was on the verge of exploding.

"I will judge you on behalf of God."

Icasa's glory body expanded into a light wheel with a diameter of one meter. The giant ring of light became a rail that accelerated star-like particles of light.

Igrin's face turned pale. The fallen angels had lost most of their power because of their sins, but even so, it was not a power that Shamine could handle.

"Icasa! No! If a fallen angel opens a light wheel......!"

"Hahaha! The heretics will die anyway! Be honored that I will take care of you myself!"

Sirona's mind faded away from Icasa's rising energy.

She felt an insurmountable difference in power. This can't be. There can't be such a being in this world.

Sirona turned around with all her strength. It felt like time was flowing slowly as if she was under Slo magic. The air she exhaled from her lungs had not yet reached her throat.

Finally, when she was ready to make a sound, there was only one thought in Sirona's head.

"Run!"

Arin already had the metagate in her hand and was ready to activate it.

But even for her, one second was too long.

Faster! Faster! She only had to press the button with her finger, but the distance of two centimeters did not narrow.

A wind blew from behind Sirona. The metagate in Arin's hand disappeared as if by magic.

The group stood still in disbelief.

Icasa, who had his left hand on his waist, was holding the metagate in front of his eyes and examining it.
```
[Translated block]


It was not something that was invisible to the eye. It was neither fast like light, nor swift like wind.

But it was certainly fast.

A speed that was somewhere between living and natural. It proved that they were different from humans since the moment they were born.

Is there anything else I can do for you?
[Translated block]