


```
[217] 6. Heaven's Turmoil (4)

As the jewel's rotation sped up, it affected Canis as well.

He felt a tremendous drowsiness. He bit his lip and tried to resist, but if he continued to cut the handcuffs, the women's wrists would fly off.

'No! I can't leave Arin behind!'

Blood seeped out of his bitten lip.

Amy and Tess, who were watching him, could not give him any advice.

The only person who could stop him was Arin.

"Canis, there's still time. Back off for now. You'll collapse at this rate."

"Damn it! Damn it!"

He knew he had to back off.

He was almost done cutting them. If he had a powerful force like his master, he would have cut all the handcuffs by now.

-Information transfer rate 50 percent.

"I'll definitely save you. Just wait a little longer."

Canis couldn't bear to look at the women in the eye and moved away from the influence of the object.

His mind returned as if by magic. But he couldn't forget the pain at that time. It was a compulsion that couldn't be compared to a sleep spell.

'That's right, compulsion. That's the characteristic of the object.'

The object was a mutant of the material world. It was something that twisted the concept of matter itself due to some cosmic error.

Therefore, it was impossible to block the object's ability by any means, because it did not violate causality.

And there wasn't much time left. It was an excellent choice to call for a sleep spell in a situation with a time limit.

"Lian, stay back. I'll deal with him."

Canis switched places with Lian. The sleep object was like rat poison to an examiner with weak mental abilities.

Peope shouted pointing at the entrance of the World War.

"Hey, look over there!"

The giant Imir was running with his massive body.

Lian's eyes tightened. He felt smaller than when he first saw him, but it was definitely that giant.

Even Canis, who was calm, couldn't hide his anger this time.

"Damn it! Even the giant is here!"

"Calm down. I'll take care of the giant. You take care of Baalb."

It was a right decision considering the compatibility. But Lian wanted to face him directly regardless of compatibility.

He couldn't even inflict a fatal wound in the first match, but this time it was his turn to show his specialty.

As Lian reached the entrance, Peope flew over with the meta-gate.

"Hey, what about this?"

"Take care of it for me. We'll definitely come back."

"What? How can you ask me to do such an important thing...!"

Peope couldn't finish his sentence. It was a burdensome and excessive request, but he couldn't say anything after seeing Lian's face.

It wasn't the face of someone who said they would definitely come back.

"But what if you get into a dangerous situation..."

Lian looked back at Peope and smiled softly.

"Just give it up and run away. It's not more precious than your life."

Peope clenched his mouth and made an annoyed expression.

How can you say such a thing? Why are humans all so foolish?

"Don't talk nonsense! Why can't you be honest? You want me to protect this even if I die! Without this, you can't go back!"

Lian didn't answer.

"You idiot! The opponent is Imir! The king of giants Imir! You'll die for sure if you fight!"

Lian finally realized. His name was Imir? Not just a giant, but the king of giants.

Then he was not lacking as a final opponent.

Peope felt heavy in his chest. Was that human life? Was it because their lives were so short compared to fairies that they burned themselves desperately?

Lian blocked the entrance. His figure looked strangely big as he was backlit like a solar eclipse.

"Name... name..."

Peope cleared his throat with a voice that wouldn't come out.

"What's your name?"

He asked Lian that way. It was dangerous to tell your name in heaven, but Peope thought he had to know. Because they had come to trust each other now.
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


"I am Agent Lian."

Lian, who held a great sword, looked back at Peope and said.

"It's the sword of Shirone."

Boom!

Lian plunged the great sword deep into the ground and leaned his back on the blade, lowering his center of gravity.

Emir ran towards him with a twisted smile.

"Kukuku! Is this the second time we fight? You have to be at least that good to be called a warrior."

"Bring it on, king of giants."

Emir did not slow down his charge.

Feeling the oppressive force of a rolling boulder, Lian took a defensive stance and shouted.

"Uaaaaaaa!"

Emir's shoulder, which he had crouched down, slammed into Lian's upper body.

The great sword bent as if it would snap and then bounced back with elasticity.

Crack!

Something broke in Lian's abdomen. Blood spurted from his mouth and dyed the sky red.

@

Shockwave pierced Emir's chest.

The battlefield where the clash of heaven's greatest mage and warrior had occurred was devastated.

There were signs of collapse where they had passed, and wind came in from the broken windows.

Emir was leaning against the wall, laughing. His body was disintegrating at the cellular level as the shockwave signal rushed in.

"Kukuku, not bad. How do you feel? The feeling of stabbing me."

Ashur felt disgusted. It was Emir who had lost his body, but he was not someone who would allow such a easy stab.

"......Was that your 'part'?"

Emir was a giant who had achieved the tenth stage of the elixir of immortality. No one knew how many bodies he had absorbed except for Ra, but it was widely believed that it was more than 10,000.

"Giants are not stupid. They don't use their heads. Come slowly. I'll be waiting for you first."

As Emir slumped down, Ashur's sword cut through his head and came out.

A moment later, bubbles rose from Emir's body and then melted into a black liquid.

Ashur glared at the liquid that wet his feet. He spread his palm and his sword turned into a signal and disappeared.

"Damn, I was careless."

Emir did not like strategy. He thought it was a second choice for weaklings. But today he gave up his pride and chose to go to the world war.

Animal instinct? No, superhuman instinct.

Emir liked simple things but always beat complex things. Because he had one trait that he was born with.

It was the instinct to smell war.

If you look at the history of heaven, Emir was always at the core of war.

This time was no different.

He sensed that the events happening in the world war would be a decisive factor in finding his body.

"I might be late."

His personality was opposite, but Emir's sense of smell was reliable.

That meant he gave up fighting and disappeared. There was no need to waste time. The situation in the world war was worse than expected.

Ashur kicked the floor and left the battlefield.

@

"Canis! Retreat! You can't go any further!"

Arin shouted. It had been 10 minutes since he entered the object's territory. But Canis did not retreat, but increased his magic firing speed even more.

Ba'alb ignored him as if he was not worth responding to. Ega Mara basically surpassed Canis's ability, but there was no need to step in as long as there was an object.

The object of sleep made living creatures fall asleep, but what was more frightening was what happened when they refused.

If they resisted, they would accumulate fatigue from lack of sleep and eventually die.

Canis's mind was now in a state equivalent to not sleeping for about eight days.

"You're pretty good for a human. But how long can you last? If you don't get some sleep, you'll die."

Canis came to his senses.

He didn't hear what Ba'alb said just now. The scenery he saw with his eyes was not transmitted to his brain.
[Translated block]


```text
-Canis! Snap out of it!

Havist shouted through the mental channel. But it was no use. There was no answer, as if his mind had started to paralyze.

"You seem to care a lot about your master. Well, it makes sense since you share your life with him."

Cariel said, and Havist turned around. The archangel was currently on the ground, observing the situation. He clearly noticed that Havist's power had weakened.

"It takes a lot of energy to maintain the darkness. Are you replenishing it with human life? That's an interesting idea, but it only disperses your power."

Canis slowly got up.

He had just realized that he had been lying down. He hadn't even noticed the saliva dripping from his mouth.

"Arin, I don't think we can all make it back alive."

"No! Canis! You can't do that!"

A scary thought crossed Arin's mind.

If Canis, who had inherited his master's personality, tried something in this situation, there was nothing else but the card that Arcane had pulled out before his death.

Havist also came to the same conclusion.

-Canis, don't tell me you're going for Abyss Memory? But you're different from Arcane. You might not be able to endure it.

Canis shook his head. He couldn't hurt Egal Mara with just that much of determination.

-No. I'm going to try what I told you before. I need your power, Havist. Can you help me?

-No way. That's a magic that's only possible in theory. You haven't even experimented with it. You should at least try it after deciphering the Book of Light and Darkness.

-Havist, if someone among us has to live, it's Arin. You know that too.

Havist didn't answer. But he didn't deny it either, which was as good as admitting Canis's words. It also meant his own demise.

-Alright. I'll give you my power.

Havist's body was absorbed into Canis's shadow.

Canis regained some of his consciousness and accepted death.

He had never thought about how he wanted to die. He was just willing to enter the world of eternal nothingness.

"Limit of Abyss."

The magic that he had designed only in theory was activated.

For a moment, his mental fatigue disappeared. But he didn't erase his memory like Arcane did.

What he erased was his limit.

Canis knew what kind of human he was. He probably couldn't reach the realm of enlightenment like Shirone did.

So he chose to transcend his limit in his own way.

Children who don't know fire willingly put their hands into the flames, and monks burn themselves to enter nirvana.

The difference between ignorance and enlightenment is stark, but the mental size of jumping into the fire is the same.

If Canis couldn't become an enlightened monk, he chose to be an ignorant child.

What he got as a result was a temporary immortal function state.

Of course, he didn't actually attain nirvana. He just gained enough mental power for combat.

"Let's go!"

He didn't feel any fatigue until the duration of Limit of Abyss ended. But Canis's flying around was hell for Arin.

"Canis! No! Please don't do that!"

Arin cried with tears in her eyes. She didn't have the courage to live in the world without Canis and Havist.

But Canis couldn't hear anyone's voice. He felt a slight thrill from succeeding in his magic for the first time and casted his best magic.

'Darkness Fist.'

A magic that converts a mage's mind into physical strength. Arcane was a dark golem, but Canis's fist was a completely different form.

The shadow spread on the floor like a surface of water, and a giant worm called Worm sprang up.

"Master...."

If he could gain mental power comparable to immortal function, Darkness Fist was the most compatible magic for him.

'You'll praise me, right?'

The 10-meter-long worm drew a parabola and fell vertically.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```text
Balb did not tense up. He just casually walked away without unfolding his arms.

"Not bad. I'll praise you for this one...."

Before Balb could finish his sentence, another dark worm sprang from the ground.

The waterfall that flowed backwards swallowed Balb and soared to the ceiling.

The sound of the object breaking and Balb's bones snapping was heard. A moment later, Balb's corpse, twisted grotesquely, fell down.
```

Is this translation accurate enough for you?
[Translated block]