


[635] The Last Gate (1)

The moment Nade's chin was caught in the fist, Amy sensed it.

'It went in properly!'

Even in that short moment, when she twisted her waist with all her strength, Nade's head turned and her body spun around.

"Krrrrrrrr!"

As much as Nade opened her lifelong anger, Amy's fist also contained a deadly determination condensed over countless hours.

"The magic power value is...!"

The percentage value floating on Elizabeth's retina decreased as quickly as if it were sucking water with a pipette.

Considering the point of 1.2 billion magical, it was a chilling speed.

She thought it was really over when the percentage value dropped below 3 percent.

"Ugh!"

But Nade did not lose consciousness.

Baikal, who guessed the reason, showed his emotions for the first time and hit his knee with a regretful expression.

"The reaction speed of electricity."

Amy's attack certainly delivered a shock, but he twisted his body with a reflex nerve faster than the speed at which the shock wave was transmitted, offsetting the force.

As Amy stepped forward with her fist outstretched, electricity sprang from Nade's rotating body.

It was such a wonderful idea and for a moment he saw the light of hope, so Baikal had no choice but to bite his lips.

'It was close to perfect. You can be proud, Amy!'

It was already a counter beyond human senses, but if it had gone a little deeper.

If she could have reached out 0.1 millimeters more, a unique result that knocked down the monster of magicalization would have come out.

"Kaaaaaaaa!"

Looking at Nade, who was emitting powerful electricity and screaming, Amy sighed.

'Get your mind together, you idiot.'

At the same time, a huge anti-magic hit her mind.

-Carmis Amy. Graduation final ranking 4th confirmed. The remaining number of participants is 3.

Amy fell forward, and Nade, who had released electricity, fell next to her, looking at the sky.

But Nade was also weak in spirit.

"What's the magic power value?"

"It's 4 million magical."

"It's dropped tremendously. It was just before consciousness was cut off."

"Yes. But even in a dazed state, it's abnormal in itself that it's 4 million magical."

Shirone and Iruki, who were panting in different places, looked at the fallen Nade and thought the same thing.

'Just sleep. Please just sleep.'

Then blue electricity wrapped around Nade's body.

Consciousness returned and magicalization bloomed, and the rising value was also quite bizarre.

"It's breaking through 20 million, 50 million, 100 million magical."

"......Something's a bit strange?"

The lightning that wrapped around Nade shot into the sky and formed a giant human figure.

Kaaaaaaaa!

The sound wave created by electricity shook the entire Colosseum, and everyone plugged their ears.

"Kuk! What is it!"

-All die! Disappear!

"Is consciousness implemented in magic?"

Every time he made a sound, the giant of electricity expanding was as imposing as a thunder god.

-I......

The thunder god crossed his arms and shouted in the loudest voice.

-What did I do so wrong!

As the lightning concentrated and opened a huge mouth to spit out the sound, Teria shouted.

"You're pathetic!"
[Translated block]


The audience all turned to look at her.

"Honey."

The ballroom tried to dissuade her, but nothing could stop her now that she was angry, except death.

"What kind of tantrum is this! Mom did her best too! I did everything you asked for! I even sent you to magic school with no money! So you can take the exam!"

-I didn't want my success!

"Don't talk nonsense! There's no parent in the world who wants their child to fail! Is that so annoying? How could you do this if you felt sorry for mom!"

The audience murmured at the sudden argument between mother and daughter.

"West family. I heard they fell, but they really fell a lot."

"It's someone else's family history. Don't stand out and stay still."

Teria, who had lost her reason, shouted.

"Do you think you're the only one who's having a hard time? I don't want to live either! I'm sick and tired of taking care of you, and your dad!"

-Why... did you abandon me?

It was a small echo compared to the thunder so far, but Teria shut up for the first time.

"That's, in that situation..."

-You didn't even say you were sorry.

"Is it my fault? I also because of that..."

-Should I tell you what happened to me that day?

Teria's body trembled.

She had never asked what had happened, even though she had seen the many burn scars engraved on Nade's body.

"I don't want to hear it. It's already over."

Electricity flowed from Nade's face, which was spreading on a transparent wall, like tears.

-I think so too. It's already over and can't be turned back. So...

As the face receded, the electricity returned to Nade.

-Look carefully at what kind of monster I've become.

Nade, who had been hanging like a puppet under the figure of a brain god, opened his eyes.

"Shirone. Iruki."

A voice came from Nade's mouth, not from the brain god.

"I'm sorry, but I have to win."

Even though he controlled the magic fairy tale, Nade's face was only cold.

"I told you to do that from the beginning."

Shirone and Iruki were not upset.

Whether it was betrayal or whatever, if it was a conclusion he had judged and made himself, it was a graduation test that could accept anything.

"The magic power is 240 million."

It was a higher figure than the Ataraxia meatball system, but it was rather a human figure compared to the previous violence.

"Which do you think is worse to deal with, the most powerful instinct or a little less powerful reason?"

Elizabeth didn't feel the need to answer.

Shirone, Iruki, and Nade slowly moved their steps based on the center of the Colosseum.

Triangle structure.

A perfect balance where no one can act first made the air of the battlefield heavy.

"Oh? Come to think of it, it's the final three."

Mark said.

"It's the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society, isn't it?"

"Oh, yeah. From first to third place."

The teachers also had complicated feelings.

"Ah, those troublemakers."

Shiina grumbled, recalling the misdeeds of the trio who had caused all sorts of accidents since their advanced class days.

"They just can't go by."

"I guess they were unique kids. They were weird, but pure, I guess. My head hurt a lot, but when I think about letting them go, I feel sorry."

At Ethelra's words, Shiina also smiled bitterly.

"...They're students I'll never forget in my life."

After going around the huge Colosseum once, the three of them established their own strategies.

'Ataraxia.'

As a brilliant magic circle accumulated in front of Shirone's eyes, the scout stone trembled.

"He's going for the win right away."

"Probably. If you fight with the future in mind, you'll be eliminated. You have no choice but to play the strongest card."

'Nuclear Fusion.'

At the same time, Iruki began to pull up a bomb equation with unprecedented power.

The best thing is to eliminate two people at the same time.
[Translated block]


To do so, an explosion large enough to take over the entire colosseum was needed.

'Watch carefully, what your ruined son can do.'

As Nade's brain signal was compressed into a sphere, it began to emit white brain electricity.

He thought of destroying everything, the graduation exam, the wizard, the wealth and honor.

And he would tell Teria.

That everything you could have had is now gone forever at this moment.

As the sphere of brain electricity floated in the air like a divine object, the audience swallowed their saliva.

"It must be a power beyond shame. There will definitely be a dropout here."

Iruki glanced at Shiro-ne.

'It's ambiguous. Should I blow it up first?'

But then Shiro-ne and Nade's magic would focus on him.

'The best thing is for Nade to attack Shiro-ne and I blow up both of them. Then it's over.'

As soon as the thought was over, Nade's brain electricity split into two.

"Anyway."

Iruki smirked.

'Being too close is a problem.'

Nade's response was also anticipated by Shiro-ne.

'It's done. If Nade checks Iruki, I can attack Iruki too. Then I dodge Nade's attack.'

The speed of the lightning shot by Nade would be beyond imagination, but if it was a time bomb, he could easily dodge it.

'All that's left is timing.'

Who will move first?

Before the thought was over, Nade's temperament twisted.

'It's Nade!'

The moment the remaining two reacted, the two brain electricity flew towards Shiro-ne.

'Damn, it doesn't move as I thought.'

A tactic to pretend to aim at both and actually knock out Shiro-ne first.

It was the reason why less strong reason was scary.

'Then......!'

A huge flash that passed through Ataraxia swallowed the brain electricity and rotated towards Iruki, and Nade, who cast a spark magic as expected, appeared in front of Iruki.

'Hehe, stupid. Don't you know me? But thanks to you......'

The corners of Iruki's mouth rose high.

'It was a fun school life!'

Nuclear fusion!

A tremendous explosion occurred from the center of the colosseum, sweeping the entire colosseum.

Albino, who guessed the power by the brightness of the light, muttered with a lost expression.

"Is that... an idiot?"

The last method chosen by Iruki in the psychological warfare of biting and biting was to blow everything up with an explosion that he could not handle.

'It's quite a human weapon.'

Only the spectacle of a new explosion being born continuously from the center of the explosion and filling the inside of the two thousand barriers was all that Scout could see.

"If it was reality, everyone would have died."

As the explosion that seemed to see the sun in front of him disappeared, the audience's eyes wandered aimlessly above the colosseum.

As all three of them lay on the ground without moving, a ripple flowed like a wave.

"What, what happened?"

-Merco Dain Iruki. Graduation final ranking 3rd confirmed. The remaining number of participants is 2.

As soon as the two thousand guide voices were heard, Nade staggered and got up.

"Stupid kid."

Iruki looked up at the sky and said.

"That depends on your perspective. You can blow it up at will. No one here will say anything."

If it wasn't for the magic number exceeding 200 million, Nade would have been lying next to Iruki.

"......I will."

Nade moved away, and Iruki, who had read down the lantern of 19 years, smiled satisfactorily.

"Ah, refreshing~."

The audience held their breath and waited, but no more two thousand guide voices were heard.

"He neutralized the explosion with an amplified mass wave. He was thinking of defending and attacking at the same time."

"Aw, my head."

The audience's gaze focused on one place.

"I've known it since before......"

Shiro-ne, who slowly got up from the ground, grumbled as she rubbed her shoulders.
[Translated block]
 "You guys are really unbearable." Is there anything else you would like to know or do?
[Translated block]