


```text
[381] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (3)

Colly went down to the virtual zone and 30 students were divided into red and blue teams.

Shirone took a deep breath and relaxed.

The survival evaluation is neither a personal combat against people nor a strategic tactic against monsters.

There is no way to beat nature.

Pain was an inevitable fate, and now there was 10 seconds left until that pain hit.

So some of the students who experienced it last year had already lost their complexion.

'Damn. If it weren't for this, I'd go to the graduation class for 10 years.'

The number one item that graduation class students want to avoid.

It was the survival test.

-Transmitting information to the virtual zone. Waiting time 5 seconds. 4 seconds. 3 seconds......

As the woman's guide voice sounded, students who closed their eyes tightly, students who loosened their shoulders and necks, students who stabilized their minds with a calm expression, etc. showed different appearances.

Shirone also calmed his mind while staring at the front. Then someone hit his arm. It was Iluki.

"Let's see you alive, Shirone."

-Data transmission completed. The virtual zone virtual cold program is activated.

The landscape began to sway behind Iluki's face with a bitter smile.

The landscape of the virtual zone disappeared like turning a picture book in an instant, and the summit of the snowy mountain appeared.

Shirone looked around with a surprised expression.

Cold air entered through the nose, and the snow spread around reflected the sunlight and emitted light.

The sky is close enough to touch.

The snow-capped mountains that surrounded the surroundings like a barrier revealed vivid colors as if condensed milk was poured on rocks.

"Is this... survival level 1?"

Even for students above Class 2, the survival program was reset every time they were evaluated, so the situation itself was new.

Iluki turned around and raised his finger.

"It starts from there."

Shirone's eyes widened as he looked there.

A huge smoke that he had never seen before in his life, and that he didn't seem to see again, was slowly coming down.

It was an avalanche.

"Damn it!"

Many students, including Boil and Pandora, cast teleportation and flew in the opposite direction.

But some, including Shirone, just stood there.

The approach speed of the avalanche was much slower than expected. It pours from a tremendous height. Despite that, it looked huge, which meant that eventually an unimaginable amount of snow was pouring in.

"It's not a situation made to avoid..."

Kuuuuuuuuuuuung!

A snowball with an astronomical mass landed on the summit and pushed the air outwards.

A gale that seemed to tear off his cheeks blew, and a snowstorm of 300 meters in height swept away the summit in 0.1 seconds.

"Keeuk!"

Shirone clenched his teeth and regained his senses.

The avalanche flowing faster than rapids pushed him mercilessly out of the summit.

'No! Pull yourself together!'

Swallowing the snow that came into his mouth as it was, Shirone pushed through the snowballs and moved on.

"Puhah!"

The snowball was bigger than an iceberg, and it was falling towards the bottom where the ground could not be seen.

Shirone stuck out his face from the top of that snowball.

"Puhah! Puhah!"

When he spat out everything in his mouth and opened his eyes, a round sun was stuck in the clear sky.

Shirone flew into the sky while maintaining his fly magic and looked at the surrounding situation.

Students who made the same judgment as Shirone popped out of the snow one by one as they fell.

"Shirone!"

At Iluki's voice, he turned his head and saw him pointing down with snow all over his face and body.

"Slowly go down first...!"

Before he finished speaking, an avalanche swallowed Iluki.

Shirone's eyes turned up. The clear sky was completely blocked by white snow in an instant.

"I'm really crazy...!"

A white torrent flowed where Shirone had been.

"Uaaaah, uaaaah..."
```
[Translated block]


"It hurts... Save me..."

Colly looked at the students rolling around in the virtual zone with pity.

They all fell into a semi-conscious state after being swept away by an avalanche.

'How hard it must be. They are precious children who grew up well.'

The victory or defeat depended on the final winner, but no student gave up the evaluation easily for that reason.

The individual achievement level was also open to the association and scouts, so they would try their best to survive somehow.

'Maybe it's a situation you don't have to go through in your life. But the world you will live in is more harsh than there. Just because it's reality, life becomes hell.'

"It looks like it's already started."

Colly quickly loosened his back and turned around.

"Principal."

Alpheus was leading Olivia, the vice principal, and looking at the virtual zone.

"They're all in a semi-conscious state. Well, that's natural."

"The pros don't even like it. It's a subject that doesn't even adopt a scream letter from graduate Theo."

The survival evaluation was a subject that was talked about a lot in the association.

It was good to evaluate the practical skills, but there was a possibility that the students would be ruined before they sprouted.

Students who did not graduate were also precious talents who would become members of society in the long run. If there were no magicians who opened magic shops, became teachers, joined the police force, performed requests at guilds, and handled complaints at administrative agencies, the magic society would not be able to function.

Therefore, the association instructed only the five prestigious schools that received more than ten graduation tickets to conduct survival evaluations.

It was survival that became a staple of drinking at alumni reunions without missing out on graduation among those who were chosen to take it.

If they went back to their school days and did it again, they would shiver, but that emotion could also be said to be the pride of a prestigious school.

Olivia asked.

"Is this the program provided by the association this year? Is it stage 1 'Snowy Region'?"

"Yes. There are two minutes left. It must feel like two hours to the students."

Olivia's eyebrows narrowed unhappily.

"But there are no dropouts. This way, the discrimination between high scorers will be low. I'll have to suggest raising the difficulty level in the future."

Alpheus shook his head with a bitter smile.

The auditor of the teachers' association seemed to want to give his disciples more splendid medals.

"Krrrrk!"

Shirone fell with his arms covering his face as he spotted a rock rushing in front of him.

A tingling pain rang through his arm bones and his nose was sore. A snowball hit him on the head.

It was a point where he had come down quite a bit from the top, so there wasn't enough snow to crush him. But it was still a shock that shook his bones.

'My arm, my arm is broken.'

He wrapped his body with an air shield, but he couldn't fully absorb the shock because he fell too fast.

When he lifted his head while lying on a rock, he saw a sharp broken arm bone piercing through his skin.

It was a virtual world, so it would be restructured soon, but the pain transmitted through the nerves was more annoying than reality.

"Hoo! Hoo! Hoo!"

The place where he fell was a protruding rock on a cliffside.

He'd rather have done this. He hoped time would pass and stage 1 would end.

Crack. Creaking.

As if mocking his thoughts, cracks appeared on the rock wall and signs of collapse began to show.

Shirone grabbed his broken arm and shrugged his shoulders.

"Huhu, huhuhu."

He laughed because it was ridiculous.

'Is this a regular event? Do you have any work to kill people?'

He imagined what expression the students would make if survival was adopted in the graduation exam.

Suddenly, all graduates in the world felt admirable.

"Okay, let's go all the way."

Shirone raised his head with fiery eyes.

His body fell to the ground as soon as the rock wall broke off.

* * *

Splash!
[Translated block]


```text
'What?'

Shirone opened his eyes when he heard the sound of falling into the water.

He felt a cold that would wake him up. Then he saw the students sinking without avoiding the pia.

'Is this the second stage?'

The process of moving from the first stage to the second stage existed, but those who entered the half-water state could not feel it.

It was to prevent them from recovering their sanity.

'Why can't I use magic?'

He couldn't enter the spirit zone. Of course, since this world is virtual, it wouldn't actually block magic.

'Let's go up first.'

Shirone swam like a frog toward the surface. He felt like he would freeze to death if he stayed in the water any longer.

As he reached out near the surface, Shirone's pupils shook with shock.

He couldn't go up.

What he touched was a cold and hard ice wall.

'What, then how do I get out?'

A faint shadow appeared on the ice. When he got closer and looked at his eyes, a young boy was squatting down.

'I have to get out. I'm running out of breath.'

He pounded on the ice wall as if requesting rescue.

The boy who had been staring for a while nodded as if he understood and pointed somewhere.

'There? You mean I can get out there?'

Shirone poked the direction with his index finger to confirm.

The boy nodded again and headed there as if to show him directly.

Shirone pushed the ice wall and followed behind the boy. Meanwhile, the cold water was choking his throat.

'This is serious. I can't stand it anymore.'

He wanted to arrive right now and drink air as much as he wanted. But the boy's walk was terribly slow.

'Hurry! Hurry! No more...'

The time to hold his breath by will was over. From now on, it was just that he couldn't drink because there was no air.

His body shivered with cold and fear of death.

Finally, the boy stopped walking. He looked down at Shirone and pointed to a place a few steps away.

'There!'

Shirone jerked with all his strength. It was only 3 meters away, but it felt too far.

'I did it! Finally...!'

Shirone felt an ecstasy that seemed to burst and reached out for the exit.

Clang.

A solid ice wall blocked him again.

'What...?'

His head turned pale. Shirone demanded an explanation from the boy on the ice with his eyes.

Then the boy held his stomach and giggled, then stuck his face out at Shirone and stuck out his tongue.

Gurgle!

A lump of air came up from Shirone's mouth.

'No. Calm down.'

He quickly suppressed his anger that burned his mind.

The boy who licked his tongue in a place full of clear air and raised medicine was terribly hateful. But getting angry didn't make things better.

'Teach me again. Where is the exit?'

Shirone tapped on the ice wall with desperate eyes.

The boy who had one second left under his feet stroked his chin as if thinking.

Shirone's head started to heat up again.

'No, no. If you lose your cool, it's over.'

The boy finally made a decision. And he looked back at Shirone and shook his head as if he couldn't teach him.

'Control your anger. I'm a magician.'

The light of life in Shirone's pupils went out. His body organs became paralyzed as oxygen could not be delivered to his head.

'Anger doesn't change anything. Until you die... don't let go of your reason...'

Gurgle!

Air bubbles in the organs popped out of his mouth. Cold water flowed into his stomach as much as the air that came out.

It felt like his cells were freezing.

His jerk stopped, and his palm touching the ice wall slowly fell off stiffly.

He saw a smiling boy in his sinking eyes.

The boy stared at Shirone's face being sucked into the abyss of darkness.

Then he nodded as if he had made a decision and raised a trident from nowhere.
```
[Translated block]


Kwaaang!

The ice wall shattered in one blow.

That sight was captured by Shirone's dead eyes.

As her frozen nerves slowly transmitted that fact to her brain, her legs trembled again and her body rose slightly.

"Puhahaaa! Kuh! Kuhhhhh!"

Shirone, who came up to the surface of the water, indiscriminately sucked in air. Right now, there was nothing else she could think of.

"Huck! Huck!"

After about a minute, her mind came back.

The ice was peaceful, and the boy's figure had also disappeared.

"Puhah! Puhah!"

The students were coming up to the surface of the water one by one. Amy was not far away.

'She passed.'

Amy breathed heavily with a look of death on her face. Then she belatedly noticed Shirone and made eye contact.

She smiled and blew air to lift her wet hair.

"Haha!"

Shirone laughed. It was really hard to make a living.

And that was her last memory of the second stage 'Ice Jade'.
[Translated block]