


```text
[347] Divine Transcendence (4)

He still managed to keep up with his physical abilities, but eventually the gap would widen as the level of his competitors increased.

That's why the school was also in a situation where they couldn't easily make an exception rule even though they knew Lian's situation.

"We will start the evaluation from Group 1. Groups 2 and 3, come out and warm up, and the rest take a break."

The students in Group 1 looked at each other and headed to the training ground. As Kuan, who was holding the evaluation paper, gave the start signal, they let out a monstrous spirit and fought a fierce melee.

As Kuan focused on the confrontation, the students regained their composure. As always, Tess came to Lian's side. It was nice to have a conversation with Lian before the evaluation. How can I say it? It felt like being alone with a lover on a battlefield.

But Tess's small joy was ruined by Rockfish coming over.

He raised his developed chin and walked over, looking down at Lian and said.

"Hey, Lian. How about it? Can you avoid being last this time?"

"Mind your own business. It's not your business."

"Ha ha! Of course it is. Being last is not something I should know. But I suddenly had an interesting thought. Maybe it could be related to you."

"What are you talking about?"

When Lian turned around, Rockfish pointed at himself with his thumb.

"How about fighting me? Wrestling. Do you know? If you break me, the strongest, maybe the school will recognize you too. Don't you have to try anything to get out of last place?"

Lian turned his gaze away as if he wasn't interested.

"I don't need anyone's recognition. I'll fight anyone if I have to, but I don't want to show off my strength for no reason."

Rockfish smiled faintly. It was a typical weakling's words who wanted to avoid fighting and keep his pride.

But this time, that pride would hurt him.

"Hmm. You can take responsibility for what you just said, right?"

Rockfish glanced at the training ground as he said that. And he didn't miss the gap as Group 2's confrontation was coming to an end and raised his hand.

"Instructor! I have something to suggest. Please allow me. The two of us have already agreed."

It was impossible for a student to change the evaluation method unless it was out of bounds.

But this time, Kuan was also particularly interested. It was because Lian was the target.

He was curious how far mental transcendence could withstand against Rockfish, who had the best physical ability among his peers.

Even if the other students in the same group had different opinions, they agreed.

There was no one who could beat him in wrestling anyway, so in order to get a high score, he wouldn't refuse the proposal.

As expected, Rockfish's opponent readily agreed.

Even if winning or losing didn't affect the grade, it was hard to show off your skills against an opponent with an overwhelming skill difference.

Lian's opponent also had no reason to refuse. If Lian wasn't a schema user, he would be lucky at best and suffer a serious loss at worst.

As each other's interests matched and a decision was made, Kuan crossed out two names on the evaluation paper and changed the members.

"Good. Lian and Rockfish will go into Group 17."

Rockfish sat down next to Lian with a satisfied smile, and Tess felt inexplicably anxious.

There may not be many people among his peers who can overpower Lian in real swordsmanship, but Rockfish in wrestling was really dangerous.

I don't know what he thought when he suggested this confrontation, but I just hope it ends as part of the evaluation.

Rockfish looked at Lian's stiff face and said.

"How about it? You're really going to fight me? Are you regretting it now? If you're scared, tell me now. I'll be gentle."
```
[Translated block]


```
As soon as Team 8 entered the stadium, Team 10, Tess, prepared to leave. Wrestling was a strenuous exercise, so if you didn't stretch beforehand, you were at high risk of injury.

"I'll be back, Lian."

"Okay. Do your best."

Bariel said a word.

"It's not a big deal. Show off your skills in the upper ranks and come back."

Tess ignored Bariel's words and headed for the training ground. Even so, Bariel was not offended. He didn't have much time left to send cold eyes. Once the confrontation with Lian began, her eyes would burn hot.

It was Tess's turn. The opponent was a stubborn swordsman named Godim. He kept his shaved head from his trainee days and blushed as he faced Tess.

It was foolish to distinguish between men and women in a school that taught how to kill people. But he thought there was no need to do wrestling with physical contact.

Nevertheless, as soon as he entered the confrontation, Godim's eyes became sharp like a warrior facing a beast.

Tess ran first and collided with Godim. Godim lowered his center of gravity and pushed out both arms to pull her thighs. Her legs lifted momentarily, but Tess turned around exquisitely and neutralized the technique.

Bariel smiled with satisfaction at the sight.

"Wow, Tess. You're really amazing. Aren't you?"

Lian also acknowledged Tess's talent and skill. But Bariel's words were unpleasant. He knew that his gaze was not on Tess's technique but on her body.

"Why do you want to fight me?"

"You know why, don't you?"

Bariel sneered. His silent mouth opened, apparently anxious to take Tess away.

"Don't drag Tess into this if that's the reason. If you want to fight, come anytime. I won't run away or avoid it."

"Haha! You're confident. But do you have a next?"

Bariel decided to get to the point. Now that Tess was gone, it was a golden opportunity to reveal his true feelings.

"Ogent Lian. I've heard rumors. They call your training a demon practice. You bet your life on the game, something like that? Anyway, good. How about this? In this confrontation, the loser backs away from Tess."

Lian snorted as if it was ridiculous.

"Do you think Tess will choose you if you beat me?"

"I don't care about that. You're leaving and Tess choosing me are separate things. I'm asking about your determination."

Lian postponed his answer and looked at Tess. Her wrestling was different from Godim's. She disrupted her opponent's breathing with flexibility and balance rather than strength.

Tess's talent was definitely real. On the other hand, he had no talent or future. It was a luxury to worry about what she was in this situation.

"I don't bet on people's hearts."

"Hmph. Are you backing out because you're at a disadvantage?"

"But I'll tell you this."

Lian glared at Bariel with a flash in his eyes.

"Even if you kill me in this confrontation, never resent me."

Lian's will was sincere. But Bariel was also born strong and had a soldier's temperament, so he felt more aggressive than fear.

"Haha! Are you bluffing? Do you think I can't do it?"

Then there was a thud in the training ground. Lian and Bariel turned around at the same time. Tess was holding Godim's arm and lying on the ground with him pinned down.

Godim looked at the sky with a bewildered expression as if he didn't know what had happened to him, then blushed and sat up.

"I lost. It was a good fight."

"Whew. You did well too. Actually, the last one was a gamble."

A flip over using the opponent's pushing force. If he had misjudged, he would have been helpless to give up his back, but Tess, who had a sensory schema, could not miss the opponent's center shift. Godim also knew that her words were for the loser's sake and accepted his defeat obediently.
```

Some possible ways to continue the conversation are:

-
[Translated block]


Tes, who returned to Lian, made a V with both hands.

"Hehe. I'm done. It's vacation time now."

But the atmosphere was very different from before. Lian's expression was colder and there was a gleam in the eyes of the rockfish. Something had happened while he was away.

"Lian. Why are you so upset? Rockfish, what's going on?"

The rockfish shrugged his shoulders and joked.

"Why are you asking me? I didn't do anything."

Tes looked at the rockfish with a suspicious look and reluctantly sat down. He knew it was a lie, but Lian wouldn't answer even if he asked.

As the 15th match began, Lian, who was in the 17th group, went into the training ground to warm up. Then the rockfish, who pretended to follow him, turned to Tes and said.

"Tes. You'll find out soon. How bad Lian is. And how cool I am."

"What are you talking about? No matter what you do, you'll never look cool in my eyes."

"You're too much. We're friends, you know. You know what? I made a bet with Lian a while ago."

"A bet? What kind of bet?"

"The loser in this showdown agreed to give up on you. I thought you might want to know in advance."

Tes snorted and shook his head.

"Rockfish, Lian never bets on other people. That's the difference between you and Lian."

The rockfish was displeased with Tes's blind trust, but he didn't show it. This was also the driving force that allowed him to spread countless rumors in the social world.

"Is that so? Just watch and see."

Anyway, the showdown was settled, so it didn't matter. If Tes saw Lian being miserable in front of the students, he wouldn't be able to avoid being embarrassed. In that respect, wrestling was a great event. He could take his time and torture his opponent.

When it was the 17th group's turn, Lian and Rockfish faced each other on the court. When they compared their bodies naked, the difference in physique was almost 1.5 times. Lian was also not small compared to his peers, but Rockfish's bulk up was really formidable and it looked like a fight between an adult and a child
[Translated block]