


[363] Magic Association (9)

Shirone blindly swung his blade and continued his offensive. Gaold's mouth curled up as he calmly dodged each attack.

'Correct. He got the first question right.'

Shirone was not saving his magic, but unable to use it. Gaold had only one chance to attack. But that one chance would kill Shirone with a near 100 percent probability.

'No attack magic! I have to block it no matter what!'

If Gaold was serious, he wouldn't wait until Ataraxia was completed. He would definitely kill him before that. Therefore, all his attacks were fake. Instead, he focused all his nerves on watching Gaold's reaction.

'When? When will it be?'

Split-second could complete two batteries at the same time, but there was no room to equip something like a photon cannon in the remaining slot except for Ataraxia. He had to avoid the air gun. If he failed, he would only die.

'...That's what he must be thinking.'

It seemed like he could hear Shirone's thoughts.

Of course, it was the best judgment. There was only one mistake, which was thinking that the power and speed of the air gun would be the same as before.

'Do you really think you can block it? That's a bit unfortunate.'

Gaold had no intention of giving Shirone a break. He had given him two chances, and even set a rule that only one counterattack was possible. He had balanced it enough for him, and the matter of life and death was entirely up to Shirone. But what if he still couldn't win? What can he do, he has no choice but to die.

Just before Ataraxia was completed, Gaold pointed his finger.

'Goodbye, Shirone.'

At the same time, Armand, who had been waiting to react to only one thing, retreated by hitting the ground with his tentacles.

But that too was already within Gaold's expectations.

'This is a different dimension.'

Gaold didn't give him the same leeway as before and shot the air gun as soon as he compressed the air. A sound like metal breaking rang out as the air bullet flew at an incredible speed.

Shirone couldn't see it, nor feel it. That was the limit of a human who couldn't open a schema. But he had another escape route called imagination.

He had designed it beforehand as a choice of Eiji Senda. If Gaold attacked before Ataraxia was completed, it meant he wanted to kill him. Therefore, there was only one place to defend.

'Black ball!'

A black sphere appeared in front of Shirone's face. It was a magic that could not be reached even by Behemoth's forced rebound, but when he over-faced with the power of mental transcendence, a small gravitational field occurred.

The air gun that was flying towards his forehead was sucked into the darkness with a whoosh.

He had eaten a ton of plants in Kazra, but Gaold's air gun was on a different level. The black sphere that couldn't handle the energy exploded in front of Shirone's eyes with a shock wave.

"Kruk!"

Armand's robe hardened in an instant to protect his master. Shirone, who flew away from the impact, jumped sideways by sticking his tentacles into the ground. Ataraxia, which had been completed in no time, emitted a brilliant light.

'Magic amplification!'

Shirone stretched out both hands and focused his mind on the two magic amplifiers attached to his palms. A powerful photon cannon was created, creating small bubbles of light like water droplets around it.

'Immortal function here!'

The photon cannon expanded rapidly, pushing away the surrounding air. The light dyed in gold vibrated dizzyingly, leaving an afterimage on the retina of the spectators.

'Mental transcendence!'

He gave mass up to the limit and a lump of photons as big as a human body shook violently enough to be seen with the naked eye. The noise caused by mass spinning wildly sounded louder than thunder.

Plu's face turned pale.

By rule, Gaold could no longer attack Shirone. On the contrary, Shirone's photon cannon was incomparably stronger than the first shot.

'How can he compress light to that extent?'
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone still frowned as if dissatisfied.

'A little more! Just a little more...!'

Anyway, Gaold can't attack him. Dodge or block, one of the two. Then all you have to do is make it impossible to avoid.

"Uaaaaaa!"

When he poured out everything he could use, a white sphere reminiscent of a supernova was born. It is amplified to the extreme through Ataraxia. Perhaps the entire bunker was filled with energy.

Gaold smiled bitterly and muttered.

"This damn thing...."

Flash!

A huge wave of light pushed out the entire radius.

Even Kangnan's party standing behind Ataraxia turned their heads at the flash of light that burned their retinas. Even with his eyes closed, he could see the shape.

But Shirone could see it. Thanks to Armand blocking 98 percent of the light entering his master's pupils.

Then a déjà vu-like scene unfolded before his eyes. The light quickly tightened from the edge, and an unimaginable atmospheric pressure trapped the photon cannon's energy in a vacuum press.

"Keeeee!"

Gaold grimaced and tightened the vacuum press even more. Finally, as the energy regained stability, it gathered into a ball of light smaller than his palm.

Shirone was stunned.

'That person... is he really human?'

Gaold bent his waist like a beast and stretched out his arm. His hair was bleached white without leaving a single strand. As he clenched his fist, the vacuum press exploded and the photon cannon disappeared.

"Whew. That was close."

It wasn't just Shirone who was surprised. Not to mention Flu, even Gando had never seen Gaold's hair bleached while assisting him.

Gaold stayed in a bent position for a long time. Then he looked back at Shirone and smiled with his eyes.

"...You passed."

"He's already passed out."

Kangnan pushed up his glasses and entered the center of the bunker.

Shirone lay on the floor as if dead. He didn't lose his mind to the extent that he used Ataraxia now, but anyone could see that this demonstration was the best shot.

"Kuku, I squeezed it out completely. Well, good."

Gaold shook off his cold arm a few times and picked up the code that fell to the floor and hung it over his shoulder.

Kangnan stared intently at Gaold's bleached hair. This vacuum press meant that Gaold had put all his heart into it. That's why he passed.

"Dye your hair. You look older because you're bald anyway."

"Leave me alone. It'll grow back. Isn't bleaching trendy these days?"

"I heard that. But your face isn't trendy, sir."

"Kahaha!"

He lifted his head and laughed heartily and headed for the elevator.

He pressed the button and looked at Flu and said.

"Hey, kid."

"Yes, yes!"

Flu tensed up and answered in a saluting position.

He thought he knew a lot about Gaold after living with him for two years, but it was a mistake. The Gaold he had known so far was not real.

Gaold pointed to Shirone on the floor with a chin gesture and said.

"Take him and put him to sleep. When he wakes up, bring him to my room."

"Yes! I got it!"

That was all Gaold showed interest in Flu.

Flu looked at him with sad eyes.

Crying, spitting out tears and snot, he shouted that he respected him. It was her biggest courage in her life. But it seemed that Gaold did not arouse any emotion at all. No, maybe he had already forgotten it.

"Flu."

Gando tapped Flu's shoulder and said.

"I'll take Shirone."

"No, no. I have to do it."

"Men are heavy. You can't use magic when you go up to the first floor."

Gando entered the bunker and lifted Shirone's arm over his shoulder and stood him up. Then he skillfully turned his body around and carried him on his back.

Gando's voice reached Flu's ears, who had been watching for a long time.

"You were cool, Flu."
```
[Translated block]


It didn't take long for Gando's words to make sense in Flu's head. A faint smile appeared on Flu's lips as she looked at Gando with glistening eyes.

"Thank you."

The Worst Project (1)

Shirone opened his eyes. He felt a slight headache, but then a refreshing sensation. 

He was lying in the recovery room of the Magic Association. There was a glass ceiling on a capsule that could fit an adult, and the cushion was cozy.

As Shirone blinked a few times, the glass ceiling made a clunk sound and slid to the side. Flu's pale face came into his narrow view.

"How are you? Feeling better?"

"Ah, yes. What happened?"

"You passed out in the bunker. That's what happens when you overuse magic. Next time, reduce the spirit zone, even if it means increasing the density. It will prevent brain overload."

Flu's voice was softer than before. Shirone felt awkward, but he didn't show it because he read the sadness in her eyes.

"Thank you."

Shirone raised his upper body and sat up.

There were capsules lined up like the one he was lying in. Most of them had their glass ceilings open, but someone was sleeping in the corner.

Flu looked over there and said.

"That's the duty officer. The sleep capsule enhances mental activity. But don't push yourself too hard. It's not a miracle."

Shirone got out of the capsule and stretched. His head felt clear as if he had slept deeply.

"How much time has passed?"

"Two hours. You recover faster than I expected. I thought it would take about six hours."

Shirone was confident in his mental endurance and loosened his body with satisfaction. Then he subtly turned his gaze and glanced at Flu. There was a strange distance between them that wasn't there a few hours ago.

"Hey..."

"Follow me. The president is looking for you."

Before he could say anything, Flu walked to the exit. Shirone followed her to the elevator. She checked the floor number and said.

"I'm telling you this in case you didn't hear it, but you passed."

He had fainted right after casting the photon cannon, so he didn't have a chance to hear what Gaold said. But he had a rough idea from Flu's expressionless face.

"Thank you."

"You don't have to thank me. You're going to heaven with the president."

Flu said what she knew.

Shirone would soon hear secrets that she could never access at the highest level. She didn't need to be careful anymore.

"And we'll be left behind. Me, of course, but also Gando-nim. He can't assist Gaold-nim directly either. It must be a huge operation."

Flu looked at Shirone.

"I don't know exactly what they're trying to do either. But Gaold-nim said it was a project he had prepared for his whole life. If there are helpers, they must be the best magicians, and that means they are elite few. You're one of them."

Shirone realized what Flu wanted to say and felt sorry. It was the greatest honor for a magician to do something with someone like Gaold.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you."

Ataraxia was a secret that Shirone had risked his life to obtain. But there were many magicians in the world who would give up their lives if they could improve their skills. That was why he couldn't be arrogant.

Flu smiled and shook her head.

Don't think like that. You deserve the president's recognition."

It felt different to hear that from Flu than from someone else. He remembered the time when they fought as master and subordinate for a short time like a zoetrope.
[Translated block]


```
Plu backed away with a sour expression, feeling the sweet gaze of Shirone. She quickly regained her old appearance and whipped him like hitting an enemy who had penetrated the defense line.

"But you still have a long way to go! I acknowledge the power of Ataraxia, but you need to refine it more to compensate for the risk. You have to be able to cope with many irregular situations to be a real magician."

Shirone didn't listen. Plu's skill, who had subdued the vampire in Gold City, was outstanding enough to deserve to wear the magic association's staff badge around his neck.

"Yes. I'll work hard, senior."

"Hmph!"

The elevator door opened with a clear electronic sound.
```
[Translated block]