
[194] 6. The Alcohol of Anecdote (3)

"Feope, please forgive me! If you add up my and Lena's lifespans, it's a reduction of 80 years. I forced my sister to join me. So please spare my sister at least!"

"40 years, what's the big deal? You can't live more than 60 years anyway, right? You can do enough of what you want in 5 years, can't you?"

The lifespan determines the biological characteristics. The fairies have reason like humans, but their way of thinking is vastly different as they have a long lifespan.

Fairies have enough time to make up for their mistakes in their lives. So they are not stubborn and honest, but they don't know how humans feel with limited lifespans.

Just like there are no humans who know how precious an hour is for a mayfly.

Especially from the perspective of Feope, who was only born a year ago, death was nothing more than a word that could be thought of after a thousand years.

Kanya's mom lay down on the floor. She knew that the new appointee was clumsy, but she never dreamed that he would make such a dismal verdict.

"Feope, you are the executor of the law. But no one in the fairy world has ever imposed such a harsh punishment. Even I was only 20 years old. Please reconsider."

"What? Are you ignoring me because I'm only one year old! I know everything I need to know! The executor of the law has the authority to sentence up to 50 years of life. Are you going against my inherent authority?"

"Please tell us why you made such a verdict."

"Hmph, fine! Then let me tell you this! Kanya and Lena's unauthorized departure from heaven is a reduction of 20 years of life! And the remaining 20 years are for bringing in heretics! How about that? Are you satisfied?"

Feope pointed at Siroene's party and spoke. He didn't receive a report that heretics had entered, but it was no problem to judge since he confirmed it with his own eyes when he came here.

"Feope! These people are not heretics! The boy here is a Nephilim."

"Yes, Nephilim?"

Feope stared at Siroene intently.

Is he really a Nephilim?

The descendant of an angel. A free person from the law. The original knowledge given at birth passed through his head.

Fairies are not regulators of the law, so they can only judge according to the given law. Therefore, it was true that they could not impose any punishment on Nephilim.

Nevertheless, Feope did not back down.

He recalled the verbal abuse he suffered every day from his senior sisters, who were among the 72 ranks and 48,000 fairies. If he didn't establish his authority here and go back, he would be ridiculed until the next youngest was born.

"So what? The sin doesn't change! Let's just let Nephilim go! But not everyone is Nephilim! So I will still hold them accountable for bringing in heretics!"

Kanya's mom bowed her head and retorted.

"They are not Nephilim, but they are Nephilim's companions. It is against the law to treat them as heretics."

"Shut up! How dare a commoner argue with the executor of the law about the law! I am carrying out Ra's will. Opposing me is the same as opposing God!"

"Wait a minute."

Siroene stood up from his kneeling position and Feope looked at him with his arms crossed.

It was not a good thing to fight with Nephilim, but even Nephilim had no right to interfere with the execution of the law.

"What? If you're interfering with the execution, I won't forgive you."

"No, I'm just correcting your misunderstanding. We didn't come with that girl. We just followed her. Then you can't blame that girl, can you?"

"What are you talking about? Followed her?"

"I found that girl by chance outside of heaven. I just came in because she opened the door. I'm free from the law so I can go anywhere. So I broke into this house for dinner. So those two sisters have nothing wrong."

"Who do you think will believe such a lie?"

"Then prove it. Show me evidence that my words are false."
[Translated block]


```
The Mecca system in heaven can catch any small variables, but it can't read emotions.

The situation where Shirone and his party entered with Kanya was verified by countless information, but it was too much to grasp their relationship. This was all because Shirone was a Nephilim.

Peope rolled his eyes.

He had to find another way somehow. If the rumor spread that he was fooled by human words, he would be ridiculed for a thousand years.

"Fine. Then I will restore Kanya and Lena's lifespan by 20 years. And I will also allow the Nephilim to enter. But the rest of them are surely heretics who deny the law, so I will reduce their lifespan. You there, you start by telling me your name."

Peope said, pointing at Arin.

Of course, Arin did not answer.

He didn't know the exact cause and effect, but it seemed that the ability to grant life required a name. Arin was not foolish enough to write his name on the death list.

"I don't want to. Why do I have to tell you my name?"

"These are real! You don't know the fear of fairies, you vulgar heretics!"

Shirone said with an unhappy expression.

"What do you think of human life? Won't you die someday too?"

"I am a fairy. I can't compare with human lives! And I'm only one year old! I have a lot of time left until my life ends."

Shirone snorted.

The future is the future because it will eventually come. That's why we respect those who lived first and mourn those who left the world.

Peope seemed to not realize that the concept of the future was a destructive and immutable property.

No, he probably never even thought about it.

He said he was one year old. He could guess how immature he was compared to a human one year old.

Peope put his hand on his waist and said.

"Okay, is this how you want it? You will be judged by those higher than me for the sin of not revealing your name. And Kanya and Lena will be reduced by another 30 years for hiding the impious heretics, so both of them will suffer a 50-year lifespan reduction!"

Kanya's family collapsed.

50 years meant that Kanya would die as soon as the law was executed.

Actually, executing the lifespan was the highest rank of the 72 fairy classes, so he wouldn't die right away, but once the report went up, it would be obvious that it would be processed within a few hours.

Peope, who had evaluated his own verdict himself, turned his body as if he had done a hard job today.

"That's it for the verdict. Then I'll go."

Peope's flight stopped as he flew toward the door.

Lian and Tess blocked the door. Shirone and Amy surrounded him from both sides.

"Hmm, are you trying to overpower me with force? Me, a fairy?"

"It's not impossible. Just think of it as catching a sparrow."

"Yeah? Then let's see."

Peope widened his eyes.

Then Lian's face twisted as he grabbed the handle of his greatsword. A strange force was twisting his arm. Tess, who didn't know the situation, grabbed Lian's shoulder and felt the same pain.

"Ho ho! If you don't move quickly, it'll break."

The ability of a single-concept entity like a fairy was similar to an extra-legal technique. It is expanding the concept and using it like magic.

Peope was born in a spiral and could control everything related to twisting. It was hard for Lian, who had strength comparable to a schema user, to endure it.

But as his body began to move 100 percent according to his brain's instructions, he slowly moved. Peope staggered as he swung his greatsword and broke the spiral power.

Tess took advantage of the gap and stabbed him with her saber.

He flew up into the sky and avoided it. Peope looked at her incredulously.

Schema. It was a giant's technique.

Fairies and giants were the two pillars that maintained this world. That's why they were equal in law, but they secretly thought they were superior. That's why it was humiliating to be pushed by a giant's technique in any situation.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"These are real!"

Peope moved so fast that he could draw pictures with afterimages.

Lian and Tes's movements overlapped, creating a gap in their defense.

Peope seized the moment and unleashed the power of the door. The center of the iron door crumpled clockwise, and the latch broke, causing the door to fall off.

"Hohoho! Fools! Well then, bye!"

As he rushed towards the outside, Peope felt something strange. For some reason, his speed was slowing down.

Syrone approached him from the front, so he flew up to the ceiling, but that was also slow.

He realized that time was flowing slowly when he was already caught in Syrone's grip.

Syrone released the slow and lifted Peope in front of him. His expression was blank.

"How did you manipulate time?"

Manipulating time is a magic of light. But there was no light in the room that could be amplified by magic.

The source knowledge passed through Peope's head. Nephilim are descendants of angels. And angels are... rulers of light.

'Oh no...!'

Peope made a crying face. He struggled to get out, but Syrone's grip was stronger.

No, it was the fairy's grip that was weak.

The fairy's strength, which specialized in mental power, was the lowest among the laws.

"Let go! Let go of me!"

Peope's flailing didn't even tickle him.

Then he clenched his teeth and cast a magic. As soon as the power of the spiral took hold, Syrone squeezed his hand.

Peope's eyes widened and the air in his stomach burst out of his mouth.

"Haahak! Stop! My stomach is going to burst!"

"Return the lifespans of your family to their original state."

Peope's face, which had been sobbing, turned cold.

"Hmph! Trying to blackmail me? But it's useless. I report to the upper echelon, but I'm not the one who executes. You attacked an executor of the law, so even if you're a nephilim, you won't be safe. It would be better for you to let me go quickly."

"Blackmail? I can kill you too."

If he couldn't change Peope's mind, Kanya would die. He couldn't say that he wasn't responsible for that.

He put more pressure on his hand and Peope's complexion turned pale. But he didn't give up his pride as an executor.

"Go ahead, kill me. I'm not afraid at all."

The more he pressured Peope, the stronger his pulse felt.

He was a weak creature. He felt like he could crush him with a joke.

She was afraid.

"Not afraid? Then why are you shaking?"

Peope glared at him fiercely when he was ridiculed.

"Existential annihilation is scary for anyone! I know that and still choose death! Don't compare me to you inferior humans!"

"Then die."

"Kill me! Kill me! I can die anytime!"

Syrone lifted Peope up. If he slammed him on the floor, he would die instantly.

Peope's trembling intensified. He felt disgusted just imagining a small corpse with burst organs.

Peope burst into a sad cry.

He lived for a year and left. His dream of becoming the best of the 72 ranks of fairies ended today.

As Peope's tears flowed down his backhand, Syrone frowned.

How should he accept this world where even his essential value was dominated?

"You're afraid but still choose death? Why? Why can't you think any other way?"

"Hmph! You humans wouldn't understand! But I won't say anything! I won't bow down to humans as an executor of the law!"

"I see. If you've given up on life, then you're no different from dead. I'll take your life easily."

Peope's face was soaked with tears.

He wished he would spare him. But what should he say when he held his life and death in his hand and said he would kill him?

Should he kneel down and beg? It was unacceptable for an executor of the law to submit to a commoner.

"Yeah! Kill me! Kill me quickly!"

"But if you ask me to spare you, I'll spare you."
```
[Translated block]