


[509] Backlash of Evil (3)

The look of disgust on Erga's face, who had been glaring at Zulu in heavy silence, disappeared.

Kkirururururu.

A small monster disappeared with a cute sound, and Zulu got up from her seat.

Circulation.

She had to keep moving even for a moment, because if she stopped, she would be sucked into the endless abyss again, so she poured out the evil emotions that rose in her heart countless times.

Chok.

She bit the nipple of the breastplate that had fallen on the floor and sucked Zion's essence.

Most of the pieces were destroyed in the confrontation with Cali, but there were countless meta-gates.

She grabbed one of them and bought time.

Maybe it was already too late.

Ethella, who decided to find the disk, and Armin's party, who had to extract the coordinates to return from Ingles, did they complete their mission?

It was something she didn't know until she went, so she hurriedly moved toward the ground.

"......"

But just before leaving Zion, she stopped.

It was right to think that it was already too late.

For some missions, it is better to prepare for the worst situation than a small possibility.

Zulu looked down at the meta-gate in her hand for a moment and then turned back to Zion.

It was time to make a choice.

* * *

Thousand Water Guanyin Thunder Strike.

The endless barrage is a thousand arms to drive out the evil of the world, and the final thunderbolt is a single enlightenment that destroys evil.

That would be the Five Righteousness of Yin-Yang Wave Fist, Thousand Water Guanyin Thunder Strike, but as she hit Satan more and more, Ethella's heart was filled with doubt.

"Huuuuuuu!"

A moan escaped from between Ethella's tightly closed teeth.

How could this happen?

No matter how much she pushed the wave in, Satan's body was growing bigger and bigger without any interference.

'Just a little more, just a little more!'

In theory, Yin-Yang Wave Fist can destroy any object from within.

But it wasn't exactly an efficient fist technique for humans.

There was no need to cause internal destruction for humans whose skin was even soft.

So it's a technique only for destroying evil.

If it doesn't work on Satan, who can be called a symbol of evil, it feels like even the faith of the Carciss Monastery is broken, so she tried harder and harder to hit him.

"Kuuuuuuu!"

As the speed of hitting the hard muscles increased, finally a shock appeared on Satan's face.

'I'm almost there. If I can push him to the point where I can explode the thunderbolt....'

"Kukuku. Kukukukuku."

Satan's laughter reached Ethella's ears who found a ray of hope.

She didn't have to look up to know what his laughter meant.

Satan's body began to grow rapidly again, and the waves that she had put in with all her might were fading away.

"It has tilted perfectly."

Satan spread his arms wide and leaned his upper body back as if he had nothing more to fear.

It was a gesture that said hit me as much as you want.

'A huge power is pouring in.'

With Carriel's disappearance in Arabot, only four archangels remained.

And still, the Garas were humiliating the angels and reducing their numbers.

The balance of law tilted towards Satan for the first time, and his body began to grow endlessly without knowing its limit.

"Oooooo! Oooooo!"

In front of the growing body of evil, Ethella shed tears.

"Why, whyyyyyy!"

She had fought against many evils since she joined the Carciss Monastery.

But she had never felt so miserable before.

"Ahh, it feels good. More, hit me more. Make me happier."

Satan grew endlessly.

20 meters tall, 30 meters tall, 50 meters tall, over 100 meters tall, even the buildings around him collapsed.

"Kukukuku, pitiful human."

Dududududu!

Ethella did not stop attacking.

The feeling of her lifelong faith collapsing at once kept her going was the voice of her master who taught her the truth of Yin-Yang Wave Fist.
[Translated block]


- Ethella, you have to believe. You have to believe that there is good.

* * *

Swordsmanship.

The skill of wielding a sword.

If you swing a sword against a scarecrow, a simple movement is enough.

But a sword is a game of life and death with each other.

And from then on, the situation becomes serious.

The compatibility of movements, trajectories, judgments, countless compatibilities are intertwined to produce the next result, and that result becomes the cause of a new judgment that wriggles to bite the opponent.

Kuan and Muming's duel gave the impression of snakes of killing intent moving freely and biting each other's necks.

Muming was close to perfect and Kuan was unstable.

The two swords that clashed at opposite poles awakened the existence that stayed outside their thoughts, and the more they did, the higher the level became.

I am getting stronger.

In a state where life is ignored and only thoughts are everything, Kuan expressed chaos with his whole body.

As if he was swaying on a ship in a storm, his legs twisted and his upper body groaned, Muming's sword shook.

He's playing with the sword.

As new patterns seeped into his body endlessly, Kuan's thoughts became simpler.

It was a journey to approach the essence of the sword, and a necessity that did not even need to be confident to get closer to the truth.

'It's too easy. The sword is... Was it this easy?'

Kuan's sword penetrated Muming's angle with an icy sharpness.

As wounds increased all over his body without any place to say, Muming finally realized.

'It's sad to die.'

Truly.

'It's frustrating to leave this wonderful world without telling anything.'

Kuan, who cut through Muming's waist and passed by, turned his body like a spinning top and circled around the enemy's back.

Muming turned his direction hastily, but he could not find Kuan's figure already.

'Hehe, I knew it. There's no way.'

A human who was born without even being given a name and fought for the first and last time.

Is there a stronger swordsman in the world than this man?

Muming hoped that Kuan would become the strongest swordsman.

Otherwise, his talent that would be buried here would be too unfair.

'No, that's not it.'

Muming searched for Kuan by rummaging around, but he couldn't even see his afterimage as if he had disappeared.

'But you're watching me.'

It was a short life that didn't even last a day, but it was a wonderful life.

'Because I met you.'

Muming slowly lowered his sword.

Movement zero.

There was no point in moving any more because he wouldn't be able to find Kuan wherever he looked.

"It is infinite because it is two."

Clang!

With a cool sound, Muming's neck fell off from behind.

Kuan, who swung his sword diagonally at ground level, rotated as if he was gathering up the remaining inertia of gravity as soon as he stepped on the ground with his intact foot.

Thud thud, roll roll.

After the rotation stopped, Muming's neck rolled on the ground and blood spurted out like a fountain from his body that was still standing.

"Yeah."

Kuan muttered with an indifferent look.

"It is infinite because it is two."

When a perfect one meets another one, the future opens up and all possibilities spread out infinitely.

That is swordsmanship and the principle of the world.

Blood spurted from Kuan's shoulder where his arm was cut off.

It was a fight that pushed him to the limit of his limits, and he could no longer maintain his schema.

"Damn!"

Armin kicked the ground and ran over.

But before him, Shiina arrived and caught Kuan's upper body with her whole body as he collapsed.

"Mr. Kuan! Are you okay? Please come to your senses."

Kuan just wanted to sleep.

But hearing the voice of the caller, he lifted his trembling eyelids.

'So... women smell so good.'

It was quite a fresh shock for Kuan who had lived his whole life smelling only blood and sweat.
[Translated block]


```
'But this scent is not mine.'

Yes, it's just a scent that I can smell in exchange for my life.

"I'm fine. Go to Ingles."

Ethela and Zulu were out of touch, but they had to extract the coordinates in order to plan for the future.

Kukukukukukuku!

Then the building shook as if there was an earthquake.

"What's going on?"

Armin shouted in surprise as he looked up at the ceiling.

"Get out!"

The building was collapsing.

Shiina whined as she tried to lift Kuan, and Armin cast a flicker spell with both of them.

At the same time, a huge boulder slammed down where they had been.

Woohoo!

Armin, who had escaped from the building, realized the identity of the earthquake, and Shiina also looked up at the sky with a dumbfounded expression.

"What is that... What the hell is that?"

A huge monster that was beyond human common sense was growing bigger and bigger at this moment.

The monster bent its waist and a wicked face came down below the clouds.

Uhahahahaha!

A ferocious laugh that seemed to swallow the world came out of his mouth and shook the ground.

Armin said with a serious expression.

"I guess we have to go."

The building collapsed and blocked the way to Ingles, but it was not a situation to find the coordinates to go back while looking at what was going on.

"I don't know what the monster is, but something's gone wrong. It looks like Ethela is over there too."

The humans fighting the monster were barely visible as dots, but Armin could see them clearly with his eyesight.

Armin moved into action right away, while Shiina hesitated to leave her place.

She couldn't leave Kuan, who was her benefactor of life.

"Go ahead."

Kuan, who was looking at the sky with an indifferent expression, said.

"But Kuan, you're now..."

"It's a disgrace to be pitied by a prosecutor. I'm not dying, so don't worry."

He didn't have any confidence that he would live either.

In fact, how much injury does it take to die? How could a human who had never died know?

'Shiina...'

Armin was waiting far away.

The mission was top priority.

But he had already abandoned Kuan to save Shiina, so he had no right to persuade her with that.

'Yeah, there's no time.'

Shiina decided to go.

She had a lot of concern for Kuan, but if she didn't solve the problem she faced, all that would be left was annihilation.

"I'll be back soon."

You don't have to come back.

He would only be a burden anyway, so Kuan swallowed the words that came up to his throat.

Then Shiina turned around and asked again.

"Will you stay alive until then?"

Kuan didn't feel any value in answering.

It wasn't something he could do by himself if he asked him to stay alive in a state where his whole body was slashed.

"If I come back alive, then..."

Shiina pondered for a long time what to say next, then blushed slightly and said.

"Let's eat together again."

She left those words behind and ran away with Armin to where Satan was.

Even after he was left alone, Kuan showed no change in emotion and just looked at the sky.

"Poo!

Suddenly he burst into laughter.

His face was wrinkled as his wound throbbed, but his lungs were still gasping as if they were ticklish.

'Hehehe, what do you want to do with me? This woman, I can't even cut steak with this body.'

Kuan had reached this point by breaking through a needle hole probability while fighting Mumei.

But it was shameful for him to act as a man for a woman who was one-armed and lame.

'Yeah, it's over. This is my grave.'

He felt so depressed that he wanted to let go of everything, and the bleeding that he had been holding back burst again.
```
[Translated block]


-Let's eat together.

"Haah."

Kuan let out a sigh that sounded like a groan.

"Really... I'm going crazy."
[Translated block]