


[522] New Contract (1)

There is an island that does not exist on the map on the sea 34 kilometers away from Galliant Island.

This 'Baekdo', which only old fishermen who have been on boats for over 40 years know, was an island that some organization bought and privatized from the Galliant Autonomous District a long time ago.

And now, on that Baekdo, Keira, one of the Ivory Tower managers, was diligently waiting for the order from the top.

The scenery of the sea was full of mystery.

Numerous animals and plants that evolved independently, and even cuckoos that make beautiful sounds like flutes.

Keira was preparing early morning in a hut built where a small waterfall flows.

It was a modest meal, but it was a long-awaited rest for her who had always been exhausted by work.

"It smells delicious. Is it rabbit stew?"

Keira's hand stirring the ladle stopped.

She didn't feel any signs, but the voice was enough.

Armin said with a smile.

"What? Are you surprised?"

But Keira seemed to have heard nothing and concentrated on stirring the ladle again.

"…I'll come back when you calm down."

As Armin turned his body, Keira threw the ladle nervously.

The ladle rolled on the floor with a bang, and Keira ran with all her might and hugged Armin, crying.

"Bad kid! I thought you were dead! Really... I thought you were dead!"

Armin stroked Keira's back.

"I'm back. As promised."

Keira, soaked in tears, asked with a bright expression.

"Are you back for good? Sit down first. Are you hungry?"

Her mouth was as busy as her hands preparing for the meal.

"I was punished for tearing up the covenant agreement. For now, stay here until you come back. It was worth waiting for. Oh, let's go to Ivory Tower right after breakfast. I have to report."

"No, Keira. I'm not going back to Ivory Tower."

Keira turned around with a blank expression.

"What do you mean?"

"I have something to do. I think I'll be working with a new team for a while. You'll understand."

"Understand? If you were dead, I wouldn't know, but you can't avoid Ivory Tower's surveillance if you're alive."

"Of course. But it'll probably be okay. Ivory Tower will have no choice but to accept my proposal this time."

"What happened? What's the new team?"

"First of all, let's eat from morning. I'll explain."

Armin sat at the table with ease.

It seemed like today was going to be a long day.

* * *

Bashuka, the capital of Torumia Kingdom.

Kuan returned to Kaizen Swordsmanship School and packed his few belongings into one bag and changed his clothes.

His eyes were more careful than usual when choosing clothes, but none of them satisfied him.

'Should I cut off the sleeves? Or is it better to leave it as it is?'

Then the door opened with a bang and a sharp voice rang out.

"You crazy bastard!"

It was Kiyora Ellis, a surgeon at the edge of the swordsmanship school.

"Are you here?"

Kuan greeted briefly and looked at the mirror again.

"What? Are you here? Yeah, I'm here, kid! The resignation letter you submitted today. Do you know how hard I worked to withdraw it?"

Kuan, who had been absent from school classes without permission, was naturally dismissed, but Ellis managed to postpone it.

She was so happy that her friend returned.

He came back.

Not only did he lose his legs, but he also lost one arm.

Especially as a surgeon in the field of nerve junctions, she was devastated by seeing her beloved friend in this state every time.

Kuan didn't know or care about that fact, and he reacted as if he had thrown away some old garbage and came back.

"Why did you withdraw it? I wrote it without sleeping. Give it back."

"Wow, shit!"

Ellis slapped the resignation letter on the floor.
[Translated block]


```
Training a mutt, what's the point of doing this when you're going to leave school anyway?

"Why are you like this? You can think about it while you're at school during the vacation! It's paid leave!"

"I got a new job. And I can't be a teacher anyway. I can't reach my black students. So I'd better look for another teacher now."

Alice, who was also a teacher at the swordsmanship school, vaguely felt what Quan had gained in exchange for losing his arm.

Quan before leaving school and Quan now were completely different people, so much so that his temperament was strange.

"You're not going to tell me, are you? You don't want to be friends with me, do you?"

"You're too old to blackmail me with that. By the way, what do you think of this? Should I cut the sleeve or leave it as it is?"

"How should I know, asshole! A person who cut off his own arm, what do you know about sleeves! You're getting on my nerves!"

"I guess I'll just leave it alone."

It would be cumbersome in combat situations, but it looked much better on the outside.

Alice realized then that Quan had changed from deep inside.

He cared about his clothes, and his attitude toward people was much calmer than before.

He had decided to step out into the world after a long nightmare.

"Are you really not going to regret it?"

Quan looked back at Alice and said.

"It's okay."

Alice couldn't say anything.

How could he stop him from leaving when he saw his beloved friend's first smile in 10 years?

"Thank you. I'll be in touch."

Quan patted Alice's shoulder and left the room. He passed through the hallway he always walked through and took in the training ground where he had disciplined countless students.

The scenery that had been annoying was also missed today.

'Come to think of it, I wonder how he's doing.'

Lian, who had dropped out of school saying he would leave for knight training.

Thinking about it now that it turned out like this, he was one step behind Lian.

'I'll see him someday.'

That was the fate of a swordsman.

Quan got into the carriage he had reserved in advance and told the coachman to go to Kentra City.

A famous pastoral area of Torumia, where he had lunch with Shiina at a restaurant before going to heaven.

And today, he meets her again.

"I hope I'm not late."

Quan, who was 20 minutes late, opened the carriage door roughly and entered the restaurant.

"Damn."

As before, it was still a cozy atmosphere and most of the customers were wearing simple clothes.

But they were special guests to them.

He was wearing a sword and his expression was fierce, so the restaurant became quiet and the eyes were focused.

Then Shiina got up from a table in the corner.

"Here I am, sir."

Quan lost his mind for a moment and looked at Shiina.

She took off her glasses and let her hair down. She was a completely different person.

The beautiful woman greeted Quan and the guests looked at them alternately with bewildered expressions.

He didn't care even if he didn't want to be bothered by his gait.

Shiina was the only one in the restaurant who looked at Quan with sincere eyes.

"I'm sorry I'm late."

"It's okay. Bashuka is far away. How have you been?"

"Yes. Well..."

The first person to contact him was Shiina. He must have been bothered by the promise he made in heaven.

Quan ordered lamb steak.

He hadn't lost his arm for long and everything was unfamiliar, but he didn't think he needed to order something different all of a sudden.

But that thought soon turned into regret.

The meat was tougher than expected and didn't cut well, and he couldn't wield swordsmanship with a knife either.

"Pfft!"

He stopped cutting when he heard laughter from the next table.

When he turned his head, a woman covered her mouth belatedly and bowed her head, and a man across from her avoided eye contact.
```

I hope this translation is helpful. Do you want me to do anything else?
[Translated block]


```
"Don't worry."

Shiina said.

"I know how strong Mr. Kuan is. The stronger you are, the more relaxed you are."

Shiina, who realized her weakness in heaven, also learned what the strong ones were carrying on their shoulders.

"I'll cut it for you."

Before Kuan could say anything, Shiina took the plate and cut the steak.

The effect was there, and the guests' eyes were much warmer than before.

Of course, it was a ridiculous misunderstanding that Shiina was helping a disabled person.

Kuan just stared as if he was possessed by a ghost.

Come to think of it, his attitude towards him was quite different from before.

"Mr. Shiina."

Shiina asked while concentrating on cutting.

"Yes?"

"You don't have to do this much. I appreciate your kindness, but if you think you owe me something...."

Suddenly, a piece of steak pushed in front of him, Kuan stopped talking.

A brilliant thrust in swordsmanship.

When Kuan looked up, Shiina's face was red as a beet and she couldn't find a place to look and said.

"Do, do you want to eat?"

Sometimes when you are driven by a surge of emotion, you lose your sense of reason and do something out of your mind, and Shiina did that now.

It was true that she had a crush on Kuan, but she had no intention of going this far.

The guests sensed the atmosphere and waited eagerly for the man's choice.

Kuan looked at him for a long time and smiled softly, then put the meat she handed him in his mouth.

"Ah...."

And politely took the fork and bowed.

"Thank you."

If Ellis had seen this scene, he would have teased him to the grave, but Kuan thought it was enough.

No one would blame him for having one pleasant memory before a long journey.

After the meal was over, Shiina hesitated in front of the carriage going back.

"I don't think we'll see each other often when school starts."

"Yes. Maybe you won't. Don't worry."

Shiina tilted her head, but she had no time to say anything because she was also sick of men and women relationships.

"Would you like to write me a letter if it's okay with you?"

"A letter?"

Kuan blinked his eyes at the sudden suggestion and thought for a long time before nodding his head.

"That's right. I'll be waiting."

Shiina's face brightened up as if she had been nervous.

"Yes. Then I'll send it to the swordsmanship school."

"Swordsmanship school.... Ah, yes. That should be fine."

"Then, Mr. Kuan, please go back carefully."

Shiina bowed politely and got on the carriage.

Her face closed the door was quite flushed.

She exchanged letters with a man she didn't even know existed until recently and learned about each other.

It was an excitement she had never felt since she owed Armin when she was young.

Kuan watched the carriage leave for a long time and turned his footsteps to the entrance of the city.

As he entered the forest, his companions who had already arrived and were waiting showed up.

Armin of Gwang-an asked.

"Was dinner fun?"

"I just settled an appointment, I didn't go to enjoy it."

Kuan said honestly.

Shiina was a good person, but Kuan chose to protect her rather than immediate happiness from knowing the secret of the world.

'I can't do this. I have to get stronger.'

"Hey, what's so serious? You look like someone who had a last supper."

Miro and Arius walked out of the bushes on the other side.

Shirone, who was still wearing Armand's robe, was asleep on Arius's back.

Miro tapped Shirone's head and said.

"Well, since we're all here, shall we get going? We have to wake this kid up quickly if we want to do the next thing."
```
[Translated block]


After returning from heaven, Miro asked Armin and Kuan to help her with her work.

Armin and Kuan were enemies in some sense, but they were both precious talents that she could not give up.

Especially, Kuan's unique swordsmanship that he realized in heaven was so powerful that it could change the system of swordsmanship that spread in the world.

"I agreed to cooperate, so I'll go anywhere. Wherever my sword is needed."

Armin asked.

"So how are you going to wake up Shirone?"

"I don't have anything decided yet. I think some kind of solution will come out if I consult with her first."

"Her?"

Miro smiled and said.

"The Empress of Kashan, Teraze."
[Translated block]