


```text
[232] 4. Combat Simulation (2)

As soon as he entered the spirit zone, the target shivered as if he was electrocuted.

Then, he started to bounce off in unpredictable trajectories according to his mental changes.

When the target tried to escape the spirit zone, Dante used the four-way technique to secure the space.

Then, he quickly pulled him back with concentration at the moment of mental pulsation.

When the target returned to the center, he struggled again.

Each time, Dante skillfully changed the shape of the four-way technique to prevent the target from escaping.

As time passed, the target's movement became faster and his trajectory became more bizarre.

In some sections, he vibrated as if he was trapped in a wall, and in some sections, he stretched out more than 10 meters with full power.

The students were nervous just by watching.

When the target flew so fast that it could not be caught even with the longest range of the target type, a sound leaked out involuntarily.

"Uh-uh?"

At that moment, Dante expanded the spirit zone with a series technique.

The distance of the target type stretched out and trapped the target again. Without fail, a mental pulsation occurred and pulled the target.

The people who watched the spirit zone operation that was close to a trick lost their words.

After a minute passed, Olivia stopped it.

"That's enough. I think this demonstration is sufficient."

Dante pulled the target and floated it above his head, then released the spirit zone.

The students watched in awe.

It was a momentary thing, but the skill of moving the target in the direction he wanted was an impossible realm with ordinary mental power.

"This is the lifting test. Class Four should be able to maintain it for about a minute. Then shall we have other students demonstrate as well? I heard that there is a student named Shirone...."

Boyle raised his hand.

"I'll do it."

It was a strategy to give Shirone a hard time, but when another student raised his hand unexpectedly, Olivia was embarrassed.

Lifting for one minute was much higher than the average of Class Four.

Even Dante, who practiced as soon as the test was introduced, had trouble with two minutes.

"I'm number one in Class Four. I'm confident."

Olivia's eyes sparkled.

It was a pity that it was not Shirone, but comparing with the number one in the advanced class would be an objective data that would pressure Ethella.

"Okay. Since it's your first time, try it with the thought of getting used to it."

Boyle walked confidently to the image zone.

He glared at Dante as he climbed up the stairs, but he just shrugged and gave way.

The students watched with tense faces as Boyle's lifting began.

As soon as he entered the spirit zone, the target strongly resisted.

It was much harder than he expected. It felt like a rubber ball bouncing in his skull.

He maintained lifting as expected of his talent as number one in advanced class, but the period of pulling him back with mental pulsation was noticeably shortened.

Eventually, the speed of changing the four-way technique could not keep up with the speed of the target, and the target escaped from the spirit zone.

"Hoo-hoo."

Boyle breathed heavily. He thought it was okay for his first attempt.

But the students' expressions were dark.

His pupils shook with shock when he checked the scoreboard.

21 seconds.

It was less than half of Dante's performance.

He might have expected a higher score if he practiced, but even then it seemed difficult to maintain for a minute.

"Damn! Damn!"

Boyle returned to his seat with his head down.

He had no face to see Ethella.

His failure proved that Ethella's disciple was inferior to Olivia's disciple in basic skills.

But Olivia didn't rejoice and didn't nag Ethella either.

The start was a childish motive, but as a person who devoted her life to teaching, she was sincere about school matters.

"Boyle did well too. 20 seconds is very decent for your first try. I'm not someone who ignores basics. What I want to say is that you have to have functions even if they are basic. If you stick to orthodoxy only in an era when students across the country are taking specialized courses, you will become obsolete."
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


It turned out to be a reasonable argument after hearing and seeing it.

The teachers thought for the first time that they might have been wrong.

Had they been unknowingly stuck in mannerism?

They needed fresh stimulation to keep up with the changes of the times.

Maybe that was the reason why Alpheus went out of his way to bring Olivia.

Olivia gave a smile to the students.

The woman with a cold impression looked more beautiful when she smiled.

"Well, you must want to try it too. Then let's practice lifting as a free class today. It's important to get used to the feeling on the first day, so try anything. Then the practice begins."

The students rushed in like they had received a new toy.

Olivia did not leave her seat and watched the students' practice with satisfaction.

She thought she had nothing to do today, so Ethela headed to where the teachers were.

She slumped her shoulders as she approached Sade and Shiina.

"I'm sorry. It's like hitting a rock with an egg."

Sade consoled Ethela.

"Ha ha! Don't think like that. At least you said what you had to say to Ethela, so I feel relieved. Besides, Dante is the best in the kingdom. Boyle's basics are never behind."

Shiina had a similar thought.

It would have been a good match if Boyle had practiced lifting too, even though there was a difference in level.

Considering that most summoners shine after their 30s, Boyle was also a rare genius who came first in the advanced class at a young age.

"What worries me is what's ahead. Now that Dante has won, the principal's influence will be strengthened. If we're not careful, we might face a situation where the foundation of the school is shaken."

"Hey, come on. There's only so much you can do in the advanced class."

It was impossible to apply high-intensity training to advanced class students in a situation where there was a graduation class.

Above all, it was not such a sloppy curriculum either.

But Shiina was anxious.

She thought there must be some intention behind Olivia's actions using Dante.

The three watched the students practicing lifting.

As they got used to it, most of the students did well, and Boyle and Pandora showed their skills as leaders of the group.

Shiina pointed at Shirone's group.

"Huh? What are they doing?"

Shirone, Nade, and Iruki formed a team and lifted one target together.

The kids also stopped practicing and looked at them with curiosity.

One person trapped the target and bounced it off, then another person caught it and lifted it again.

"Oh, oh! This is fun."

Nade trapped the target with clumsy skills and Iruki's spirit zone came in and intercepted it.

The next moment, Shirone snatched the target and moved it to the back.

The two people without the target ran after him fiercely, and Shirone held on for a while before giving up the initiative to Nade again.

Now all the students were looking at Shirone's group.

They were the group that had been doing mischief since Class Five, but they envied them for having fun without any pressure of competition.

"By the way, was Shirone's spirit zone that big?"

"Huh, that's right. He raised it tremendously."

The students of Class Four noticed Shirone's change immediately.

It was common sense to train during vacation, so there would be no student without results, but Shirone's growth was amazing.

Dante's group also couldn't ignore Shirone's spirit zone.

"Wow, it's huge. That's about 30th rank or higher in the Royal Magic Academy."

"Tsk! That's just similar to Dante. He can't beat Dante with lifting, so he does it like that. It's typical loser mentality. Right, Dante?"

Dante didn't answer. He just watched Shirone's group lifting.

"Heh heh, kids. Shall we show them how it's done?"
[Translated block]


Closer took Sabina to the image zone. The kids moved out of the way on their own.

The two's lifting skills were not inferior to Dante's at all.

Especially Sabina, who twisted her mind momentarily and showed a whirlwind technique. The students exclaimed in admiration when the flashy target came back just before escaping.

Thanks to that, the teachers were also able to confirm the transfer student's skills.

Olivia's disciples were definitely amazing.

Even Sade, who had suffered the most from her, could not deny it.

"It's literally the best talent in the kingdom. How about you, teacher Ethella? As a joiner, how do you evaluate Dante's skills?"

"Hmm, it's hard to judge by lifting alone, but he definitely has a unique aspect. The kids these days have a really great magic sense."

Shina said.

"But it's also a pity. They have amazing talents, but they are light, don't you think? I feel like the kids nowadays see magic as a tool to show off themselves."

"It's natural, since magic has been their life since they were young. The spirit of a magician, or passion? It seems like that has disappeared. They only pursue flashiness and fame. In that sense, Shirone and Iruki, Nade have a classic side to them, hehe."

Ethella smiled as she looked at Shirone and his friends.

There was a time when magic was the dream of children. But for the kids in the capital, it was like an accessory that made them stand out more.

There was no way to stop the changing flow of the times.

Still, she liked seeing Shirone and his friends who still had pure passion.

When the game of biting and biting ended, Shirone came down from the image zone, panting.

He felt refreshed after sweating a lot.

Shirone was wiping his sweat with a towel handed by a female junior when Dante approached him.

No one had announced it, but the students stopped practicing and fixed their eyes on them.

It was finally the moment when the two faced each other.

Dante stared at Shirone's face.

'Is this guy the one my teacher told me to beat?'

No one would think he was strong by looking at Shirone's impression alone.

That was why Closer and Sabina were not nervous even after receiving Olivia's special order.

But it's not a fight with looks.

He had achieved an undefeated myth at the Royal Magic School with his innate talent and his thorough nature that never let his guard down.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Dante."

Dante reached out his hand first.

The kids were surprised by his attitude, which was completely different from what he showed in the classroom. The person who was most hurt by his pride was Boil.

But Shirone, who didn't know such facts, accepted it as goodwill and shook Dante's hand.

"Yeah, I've heard a lot about you."

"Of course you did. I heard too. You're an unlocker, right? Perfect for stepping on. Oh, of course I don't mean to belittle you."

"Haha! Yeah. Let's do our best from now on."

Shirone didn't look bad even though he was actively provoked.

Dante tried to analyze his inner thoughts, but he gave up when he thought it would only complicate his mind.

"Anyway, let's get along well. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me anything. There is no teacher or friend in learning. If you want, I'll teach you properly."

"Huh?"

Shirone tilted his head and Dante felt annoyed.

Even if he was a country bumpkin who didn't know the situation, he should have checked his opponent who threatened his throne when he transferred. He couldn't think that he really didn't know and reacted like this.

"You don't know what I mean? You said photon magic is your major?"

"Yeah. My specialty is photon magic."

"So is mine. My nickname is Shining Boy, don't you know?"

Shirone realized his mistake and stuck out his tongue.

"Oh, sorry. I really didn't know. I don't read academic journals."

"You didn't know?"

He was Dante, the number one prospect in photon magic in the kingdom.

It was an excuse to say that he didn't know what every student who attended magic school knew because he didn't read academic journals.
[Translated block]


"You're quite provocative. You're not lacking anything to be my opponent."

"No, I didn't know. I didn't do it on purpose. I'm really sorry."
[Translated block]