


[567] Total War (3)

Shirone asked.

"What exactly does it mean that you can't harm?"

"It applies to all primary physical and mental attacks. However, it does not interfere with tactical applications, i.e., secondary aspects."

Hershey said.

"Secondary. So, it's possible to set up a trap and wait for the participants?"

"That's right. Because the subject of the attack is not the loser of Kang, but objects, strategies, or terrain."

"I see. What if I choose Pao?"

"Refusal to fight. In other words, even if you choose Pao, you cannot harm the Kang participants until the next scramble summon. However, in this case, you will not be defeated."

"But you can keep the card."

"That's right."

Iruki was lost in thought, resting his chin on his hand.

Whether you lose in Kang or choose Pao, not being able to harm the opponent you've fought is a fatal risk.

'I have to be chased by the opponent for up to 2 hours. If I lose my master card in the meantime...'

The game will tilt in an instant.

'It's not just about competing with the cards. Rather, it's a game rule that encourages you to destroy the opponent's master card. In addition to tactics, combat power is also important.'

Amy asked.

"What if the priorities are the same? I mean, if the combination of cards is the same."

"If the same hand comes out, there is no judgment of winner and loser. And you won't be defeated either."

Although it wasn't said outright, it meant that they should fight to the death from then on.

'Hmm, I thought there would be a priority for acquisition time, but it's just matching the hand.'

Then there's no need to open the random card right away.

"Those are the game rules. Did everyone understand?"

There was no answer.

They understood the rules, but it seemed they would have to play the game directly to understand the intentions contained within.

'The rules themselves are simple. But due to the variables of the random card utilization and the invincibility for 2 hours, there are plenty of chances to get complicated.'

Lulu concluded.

"Basically, the game period is 7 days. In other words, the one with the highest hand by midnight on the last day wins, and all rewards and penalties are distributed through the judge."

To summarize, to win in Black and White, one of two conditions must be met.

Either fight the opponent and destroy all the master cards, or maintain the strongest hand until the time.

'It's hard to say which one is easier. To destroy the master card, you have to suppress all of the opposing team. On the other hand, only one person needs to hold the strongest hand to win the card, but it's hard to keep it for 7 days. A sacrifice strategy is also needed.'

"The location of the scramble is indicated by XYZ coordinates, and when a participant collects it, it disappears from the master card. That's the end of the 'Black and White' game rules. I hope you find various ways to apply the rules and enjoy the game with your friends."

As Lulu disappeared, the judge's light went out.

"Enjoy the game, my ass."

Someone muttered.

* * *

The 12 people who heard the rules of Black and White were all silent, trying to gauge the variables arising from the rules and their abilities.

'I won. I definitely won this game.'

Nate was shivering inside, although he didn't show it.

1 second in terms of photon system.

If time is fluid, there is enough room for Shirone's time bomb to work.

Iruki went a little more specific.

'If you cast Slow, you can extend it by 1 second. But the time bomb is not at that level.'

The key is the use of random cards.

He didn't know the exact time it took for the random card to be confirmed as black and white, but it wouldn't exceed 1 second.

Therefore, Shirone can repeatedly open the random card until the color he wants comes out.

It ignores the disadvantage of the hidden card, randomness.

It's not likely that Shirone wouldn't think about it, but he kept a poker face and looked at the opposing team.
[Translated block]


'Only my friends know about my abilities.'

But even if they didn't know, it was clear that it wasn't an easy game, yet everyone on the alliance team looked confident.

'Unfounded confidence? Or is there a killer strategy?'

As everyone's thoughts were somewhat organized, Hershey stepped forward again to proceed with the discussion.

"Well, let's move on to the matter of rewards and compensation."

Nade brought up what he had in mind.

"First, let's confirm what's been decided. If we win, the six members of the alliance team must rank lower than us until the graduation exam."

Hershey wrote it down temporarily on a note and said,

"Good. Then if our team wins, the Supernatural Psychic Science Club will leave Istas."

Up to this point, it was easy, but the problem was what came next.

"Shall we move on to individuals if the whole is decided? If you have any rewards or compensations you want to bet on in this Scramble Royal, feel free to suggest."

The reason no one raised their hand right away was not simply because they had to say what they wanted.

It's all about negotiation.

To enforce the reward, you have to accept the compensation that the other party demands.

"I have a suggestion."

When Kaiden raised his hand, the Shiroe team tensed up, and especially Shiroe bit her lips anxiously.

Because it wouldn't be strange for a person consumed by jealousy to demand anything.

'If it's about separating me and Amy, I don't care. But if he's thinking of doing something to Amy...'

While all sorts of anxious imaginations were floating around in her head, Shiroe took a deep breath.

'Calm down. Even if it's an impossible condition, you can adjust it as much as you want through negotiation.'

The only thing that was worrying was that once the Scramble Royal was accepted, the game had to be played.

If you refuse, it's considered a forfeit, and if you refuse that, it's a war.

"When we win..."

Shiroe swallowed her saliva.

"Shiroe, you confess your love to Maya with all your heart."

"...What?"

She was surprised by the unexpected remark, but it was fortunate that Amy was not involved.

On the other hand, Amy's reaction was completely different.

"You bastard! What do you think people's feelings are? Do you think you can manipulate emotions with such a game?"

"I didn't force you. If you can't, you can pay with your death. We'll discuss the contract termination later."

"This is...!"

"Amy, wait."

When Amy was about to punch, Shiroe spoke.

"There's nothing decided yet. If it's impossible, we can adjust it through negotiation."

Shiroe, who had said this, had a hunch that she would eventually have to accept Kaiden's proposal.

"That's right. The subject of negotiation is Shiroe. You know? This is the most realistic condition I can suggest."

Amy said,

"Shiroe, ignore it. There's about 11 hours left, right? Let's go all the way with this agenda."

Kaiden's eyes widened.

"Do you really want to go all the way? If this negotiation is everything, I need to raise the difficulty. How about Amy becoming my doll when we win? Or should I sell it to Gold Wheel?"

Amy slammed the table with both hands.

"Who's going to do it? I'd rather die!"

"Then die!"

Kaiden shouted back.

"Do you think this is a school? No one cares if you die. I've made as many concessions as possible for smooth negotiations. The Dark Research Society has its own rules, and everyone agreed to gather here. If you don't want to, just get out."

Shiroe asked,

"What does that mean to you? Me confessing my love to Maya. You like Maya, don't you?"

"She's my muse."

Kaiden's eyes sparkled with madness.

"I can sacrifice anything if she can be happy. I can also kill anyone."
[Translated block]


"Calm down everyone."

Iruki took control of the situation.

"It's just a proposal from the other party. And Kaiden made it clear that he won't back down here. So......"

Electricity sparked in Iruki's eyes as he glared at Kaiden.

"You're prepared to pay a price that matches that, right?"

Perhaps the angriest person in this place was Iruki, who brought Amy in.

"That's something to decide after hearing the conditions."

Hershey stepped forward and took over Iruki's killing intent.

"But before that, can we propose one compensation first?"

Nate asked as if he was about to hit him right away.

"Why are you proposing our compensation?"

"Don't say that and listen. It's not a bad condition."

Sabina, who calmed Nate down, asked.

"Okay, tell me."

Hershey laughed and raised his index finger.

"If you accept Kaiden's proposal, we will pass one of your members in the graduation exam."

"What... did you say?"

"It's not that we're going to stamp the pass, but we're going to use all the connections and abilities of the Golden Wheel to pass."

'Fermi, huh.'

It's certain that the Golden Wheel is acting as a broker for the graduation exam, even though there's no evidence.

'Hershey can't propose this alone. They've already set a limit for consultation.'

Hershey spread two fingers.

"If you don't like it, how about this? Until the graduation exam, all members of the Golden Wheel are ranked lower than your team."

It was definitely a radical proposal because the graduation was a ground task in the magic school.

'Why are they so obsessed with the Scramble Royal? What's the secret of Istas?'

"Let's accept it."

Everyone on the Shiroe team looked at Dorothy.

"What did you say?"

"Let's accept it. The research members are fine, but Sabina and I are irrelevant outsiders. We need that much compensation to be sincere. I think."

Dorothy looked at Iruki.

"That's why you brought me in, right?"

Iruki nodded obediently.

"That's true."

Nate said.

"But Dorothy, even if you graduate like that......"

"I know. I don't want to pass with someone's help. I don't need to get special treatment. But if it's a close call for passing, I can't guarantee. Is there anyone who wants to do another year here?"

Dorothy held out her palm.

"Sorry, I misspoke. The point of my words is, it's much more efficient to accept it first, regardless of using the pass card. It's not asking for Amy's body, and it's not telling Shiroe to date Maya. It's just a confession, right? And what we get is one pass card. You know what that means?"

It means that they have the opportunity to control the entire Fermi group in the graduation exam.

'The Golden Wheel will definitely do its best. They have to pay the price for breaking the contract once they have agreed. Hershey's words are true.'

While Iruki was lost in thought, Dorothy added.

"Don't misunderstand. If there was another way, I would have refused this kind of proposal. But there's no better compromise in the problem between Shiroe and Kaiden, Amy and Maya. Honestly, isn't it stupid not to accept it?"

Iruki, who had finished thinking, asked Kaiden.

"Just confess? Regardless of Maya's choice?"

"Of course. It doesn't matter whether Maya accepts it or not. But the confession has to be sincere. If you can't, you'll have to pay the price."

"Poooh."

It's very ambiguous.

Logically, the scale has already tilted, but it feels like it's back to equilibrium because of emotional issues.

Nate grabbed his head.

'Hershey won't back down. That's the condition for participation.'
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]