


[596] Cube of Time (3)

The old man with a bent back ran up the steep mountain path.

Although he was 82 years old, he could not stop walking with the fate of the kingdom in his arms.

'Prince, you must survive.'

The first prince of the Kazra Kingdom.

He was abandoned to avoid the invasion of the Yakma Republic, but there would come a day when he would return to Kazra and sit on the throne.

'Anywhere there are people...'

The place to hide the prince had to be unexplainable even to her, and finally, she found a hunter's hut.

"What is that...?"

Shirone hurriedly held her breath at the sight of the old man coming in through the door of the stable.

The middle heaven of the inspection was activated and she could not notice it, but when she came up close, her heart beat violently.

"Prince, please preserve your body."

The old man who put down the child prayed briefly with his hands together and immediately left the stable.

"Who is this child?"

Miro said.

"He's the child born between Orcamp 4th, the first prince of the Kazra Kingdom, and Eliza."

Shirone knew better than anyone about the political situation in Kazra, who had been invited directly to the royal castle and had gone through various hardships.

"But this is our house."

"If you're Hexa, yes. And from now on, I'm going to switch the prince of Kazra with you."

"What?"

Leaving Hexa here meant that the prince of Kazra, who should have been here originally, went to the upper layer.

"Why do you have to do that? We can raise both of them together. No, before that, how do you know that the prince is coming here?"

"There's no way to know, before experiencing it in advance."

Shirone realized when she confirmed that the footsteps of the old man naturally disappeared.

"Reset?"

"Yes. The initialization is already in progress. However, because Geppin separated the time of the upper layer from the original time, we can watch it."

The incident of switching the child at the coordinates of the turning point before and after the reset. She connected it.

"Exactly. So no one can access it. Except for the upper layer of Istas."

When Behemoth, who had now become one with his incarnation, came to mind, her body trembled.

"But this child is not. If left as it is, it will be used."

"I can't accept it."

Shirone's breath became rough.

"If my life is saved by someone's sacrifice... what is my life?"

Yolga would have thought the same.

'My sister would never do that.'

So she had to do it.

"Shirone."

Miro held the prince in her arms.

"It's not killing. It's just staying in the upper layer of Istas."

"But that's the same! He has to live forever repeating a short time! This child who doesn't even know the existence of reason, language, or the world!"

"That's right."

Miro does not turn away from reality.

"If there was a better way, I would have done it. This is Geppin's last conclusion, and humanity has to choose. I also chose, and I will be trapped in the wall of space and time forever."

Shirone thought it was not worth answering.

"Anchal, release the welcome magic."

Anchal did not move, and Miro got angry.

"Shirone! Think rationally!"

"How can I think rationally here?"

"Do you know what happens when Anke Ra freely triggers a reset? Our future disappears! All humans lose their free will and move according to Anke Ra's design!"

This time, even Shirone had to feel creepy.

A dictator can rule over humans, but even under such a dictator, there should be at least the freedom to resist.

"But this child shouldn't exist. If left as it is, it will be used."

"I can't accept it."

Shirone's breath became rough.

"If my life is saved by someone's sacrifice... what is my life?"

Yolga would have thought the same.

'My sister would never do that.'

So she had to do it.

"Shirone."

Miro held the prince in her arms.

"It's not killing. It's just staying in the upper layer of Istas."

"But that's the same! He has to live forever repeating a short time! This child who doesn't even know the existence of reason, language, or the world!"

"That's right."

Miro does not turn away from reality.

"If there was a better way, I would have done it. This is Geppin's last conclusion, and humanity has to choose. I also chose, and I will be trapped in the wall of space and time forever."

Shirone thought it was not worth answering.

"Anchal, release the welcome magic."

Anchal did not move, and Miro got angry.

"Shirone! Think rationally!"

"How can I think rationally here?"

"Do you know what happens when Anke Ra freely triggers a reset? Our future disappears! All humans lose their free will and move according to Anke Ra's design!"

This time, even Shirone had to feel creepy.

A dictator can rule over humans, but even under such a dictator, there should be at least the freedom to resist.
[Translated block]


"But in a world dominated by Anke Ra, even time was robbed and had to live forever as his puppet.

"If Anke Ra loses his weakness, humans can't even die! Because he will reset and eliminate the cause!"

Perhaps that is the power of God.

"Do you want such a future? Do you want a life where you can't even decide on development, progress, or even regression? The moment he becomes a god, humans lose their value as creatures!"

Shirone's eyes became cold again.

"That might be possible. But that choice is also our job. Not just Gepin, but all of us."

Miro reacted sensitively.

"Don't talk like Yolga."

"What's wrong with that? I know now. Mars may be different, but at least Yolga came here to stop you, Miro. Because you have dangerous thoughts."

"Dangerous thoughts?"

"There's no choice. How is this different from Anke Ra?"

"It's sophistry. So I'm going to sacrifice."

"So why should Miro sacrifice!"

"Because I'm human! Humans are a race that cannot move forward without someone's sacrifice! Why don't you understand even though you were born to sacrifice!"

"Sacrifice?"

When Shirone asked back, Miro bit his lips.

"If you really pity this child, accept the sacrifice humbly."

"I don't know what you're talking about."

Miro sighed.

"Why do you need to be free from Anke Ra's reset? To make the door of dimension perfect."

"So what does that mean."

"......Honestly, I was confused when I found out you were Hexa. Because Hexa is a creature that should become the material of my dimensional barrier."

While Ancharl was listening with his arms crossed, Shirone muttered.

"Material......"

"Gepin will leave. And I will make a dimensional barrier instead. But if it's an angel's ability, it will eventually be penetrated. So I made a countermeasure, Hexa."

Shirone, who heard up to there, recalled when she first met her in Miro's spacetime.

"Could it be......"

"I'm creating another dimension in the world of dimensions I created. It's you who are not affected by the reset. Then even Anke Ra can't penetrate the dimensional barrier, let alone angels. And humans will survive forever."

Digging endlessly into the dimension inside the dimension.

It's a completely flawless gap that is conceptually different from the three-dimensional view that Miro tried alone.

"It's infinite because there are two. I can't do it alone."

"But I'm here."

Miro was also doubtful about that.

"Honestly, I don't know why you still exist in this world."

"Because Miro sent me."

"No. There's no way. I will definitely put you in my barrier. Because I have to."

"But it's true."

There was no way to refute it because the evidence of 19 years later was in front of him.

'I don't understand. If Hexa didn't make the barrier, how is the world still maintained?'

It was before Gaold abandoned God.

"Anyway, the threat has not disappeared. So you must have come to the upper part. If you're thinking of sacrificing instead of this child, be a sacrifice for my barrier."

It was a cold tone and it was Miro, but......

- Let's keep in touch.

Recalling what she said the night before they parted after finishing their training, Shirone opened her mouth.

"I can't accept it. The Miro I know wouldn't have made such a choice."

"No, I know myself. The possibility of changing my mind......"

"Uh-uh. Uh-uh."

At the sudden sound of a baby crying, Miro's gaze shook as if shocked.

'Hexa......'

Shirone was also the same.

A sad story that can only be told by crying.

That story brought a fact that everyone had forgotten so far to the surface.
[Translated block]


"This child is also a living being."

"Who is it, the one who barks loudly in the middle of the night!"

At Vincent's voice, Shironne raised her head in surprise.

"Damn it! I'll cut you into pieces!"

Vincent, who opened the door and came in, was unimaginably young, and tears welled up in Shironne's eyes.

Vincent, who found the newborn baby, quickly hid the axe behind him and approached carefully.

"Wah, wah."

"Father! Abandon that child!"

Shironne shouted, hitting the barrier of the middle sky, but the illusion magic borrowed from the power of the horse's eye was strong.

"Father! That's not your child! Your son is...!"

He should have been the prince of Kazra.

'It's not me. The prince should have survived.'

Vincent and Ollinara should have lived a life of love under good parents and returned to the king.

"Who is it! Who's playing a prank! Abandoning a child, you rotten bastard! Come out now!"

"Father......"

They were such parents.

"Really abandoned! There's no more chance! Just show up in front of me! I'll make your face into a rice cake!"

Shironne could no longer tell herself to abandon her.

Because she couldn't deny their lives, who had devoted everything to raising her son.

"Honey, what's going on?"

When surprised Ollina opened the door to the stable and came in, Vincent's trembling hand lifted the baby.

"What is it, that child?"

At Vincent's words that followed, Shironne finally cried.

"It seems... it's our child."

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.

Space: Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society.

Among the countless overlapping events, the event where the Martian troops found Lucang's corpse occurred.

"Confirmed death."

Captain Nickel of Mars paid more attention to the child who fell in the place where the chain scythe fell than the death of his subordinate.

"He died instantly. It's definitely the child Miro was carrying."

"He did it."

Only then did Nickel's gaze turn to Lucang.

"The mission is complete. As long as the child is dead, Geofin can't leave."

"No. There's one last mission left."

Nickel's eyes sparkled.

"Find Yolga."

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: 1 hour 13 minutes.

Space: Warehouse No. 44.

"Hoo."

When Raicon opened the door to Warehouse No. 44 and entered, the safe designated by Fermi was waiting.

"Where... how much is gathered?"

Due to the change in the spatial structure of Istas, he had to detour a long distance, but in the end, the goal was achieved.

'There's no distinction between cause and effect here.'

Raicon, a murderer for hire, was also a magician.

He knew how the upper layer was currently operating through numerous events he had experienced so far.

'3 degrees to the left. 16 degrees to the right.'

His heart fluttered like a child opening a gift box as he unlocked the safe.

"How long do I have to wait?"

Before casting the stop magic, Fermi answered Raicon's question like this.

"Time is not important. What's important is the event. If the event of you putting the &lt;Last Scream of the Yeager Family&gt; in this safe is completed, the past and the future will pile up endlessly in an instant."

"Until the event of the safe being filled up occurs."

Fermi winked.

"That's right."

'Earn a fortune.'

Expecting the objet worth 5 billion gold to pour out, Raicon took a stance to receive it as soon as he opened the safe.

"......What?"

What was in front of him, blinking his eyes, was an empty safe.

"Why?"

Just in case, he put the objet he had in the safe, went out of Warehouse No. 44, and came back in.

'Is the event supposed to be concluded?'

The moment he opened the safe again and saw that even the objet he had just put in was not visible, his face crumpled like a monster.

"Event."

Then the conclusion was one.

There is a preceding event where someone took something from the safe.
[Translated block]


1. "You deceived me too?"
2. And the only person who knew the secret of the safe was the person he decided to know.
3. "Fermiiiiii!"
4. Blue lightning sprang up over Raikon's body.

Please let me know if you need help with anything else.
[Translated block]