


[574] Monster of Omnipotence (1)

"This... doesn't make sense."

It was Eden's defense magic, which no one in the graduation evaluation, even in the graduation exam, had ever destroyed.

'You've come back as a monster, haven't you?'

Without even giving Hershey a chance to make a judgment, Shironne rushed towards Kaiden.

"Block it!"

The moment he shouted, he realized it was impossible.

Because he was defeated by Kang from Shironne, no one in the coalition team was in a situation where they could harm him.

Celestial Sorcery - Cheommilmil.

As the illusion magic of the inspection unfolded, the scenery that Shironne was looking at changed obscenely.

"What is this!"

Although it's not a clear form, the lewdness that can be imagined by gestalt is implied.

The dense metaphors that permeate the trees, rocks, and even the grass field ignore reason and prick instinct.

"Now! Run away!"

Taking advantage of a momentary gap, Pisho moved the giant spider to grab Kaiden and Eden and left the spot.

After the illusion of Cheommilmil disappeared, Shironne's face was flushed.

The sound of a rough heartbeat pounded inside the eardrum.

'Inspection....'

It's not just showing a low-grade illusion to make your eyes dizzy.

He was a skilled person who used the gestalt, the major of the illusion magician, to stimulate the source psychology of humans.

'It's a pity, but it's a big harvest to have beaten Eden's defeat. Because I can buy at least one day.'

Moreover, since Kaiden was also injured, it would have been difficult to participate in the game immediately.

'I need to re-plan the board.'

A flash of summoning signal soared over Shironne's head.

* * *

Midnight.

The coalition team, which failed to kill Shironne, gathered in the hideout with a gloomy expression.

Kaiden, with a bandage around his waist, sat down weakly, and Eden was kneeling in a corner of the forest, shedding tears and praying continuously.

"It's disturbing."

Pisho, riding a giant spider, came down from the top of a tree with lush leaves.

"We hardly collected the scramble. If this goes on, there's a high chance we'll be pushed back on the 4th day."

Hershey clicked his tongue.

Since they were all beaten by Kang from Shironne, a frontal battle was impossible for the time being.

'The other side will definitely hang Kang.'

It was a must to prevent the master card from being stolen by rushing in with pride, so the only achievement of today was to collect a few scrambles.

"What about the power outage?"

Anchorage opened his mouth.

"Kaiden is injured. Even if you receive healing magic through research members, it will take at least a day."

If it wasn't for Anchorage's illusion magic, not only Kaiden but also Eden would have had their master cards stolen, so it was fortunate that it ended up like this.

Hershey said to Anchorage.

"You saved us. This strategy was my mistake. It was effective to stop Shironne's action with an illusion."

At that time, Anchorage was also in a situation where he could not harm Shironne because he was defeated by Kang.

"Honestly, it was a gamble. Because the definition of harm was ambiguous. But since they said they allow secondary traps, I tried it with the risk of disqualification in mind."

'Well, you've already finished experimenting.'

Nevertheless, the reason why Anchorage was groaning was because of the non-aggression trade after the Scramble Royal ended.

'If you win the game, the research societies of the shadow will confront each other again. Depending on how much you were involved in the victory, the priority of Eustace's investigation authority will be determined.'

Although it was a powerful party where the heads of each research society gathered, there was a limit to the coalition team.

"I can fight."

Kaiden distorted his face and said.

"I don't need any healing magic. I'll catch Shironne from tomorrow."

The obsession was so desperate that it was desperate.

"No, get the healing magic. There are still 4 days left, so there's plenty of room for redemption."

"I said I can fight. This kind of injury...."

"Kaiden, this is an order."

Hershey was the deputy of Fermi's authority.

"Then I will disobey the order. Even Fermi can't move me at will."
[Translated block]


Hershey's gaze turned cold.

"Admit it honestly. If Shiroe had hit you with the magic that destroyed Eden's barrier, you would have already died. Not your ribs, but your torso would have flown away."

'Damn it!'

Since he had already lost, there was no use in saying anything. Kaiden gritted his teeth as if they were going to break.

"Oh God, please forgive my poor disobedience. Give me the teachings of infinite love...."

Eden's voice praying in a trance broke the silence.

Hershey, who had been looking at her, turned his head back to Kaiden.

"You can't stick to the same strategy if you can't stop Shiroe's solo."

It wasn't something someone else could do either.

"I'll do it."

Eden, who had finished praying, came up.

"You?"

"I'm going to collect white cards again from now on. If I make and keep the infinite (○○○○○○) in the shortest time, we win, right?"

"But you're also broken. Any more failures are dangerous."

"No, it's the magic that's broken, not my faith."

"I understand how you feel, but...."

Eden's eyes flared up.

"I can do it. I'll be different from now on. But, there's a condition."

"Hmm."

Even though they were still a team, they were ultimately competitors of the graduating class.

Just as the seal of the inspection, Eden must have had a secret card that she didn't want to reveal.

'Setting a condition means she's going to end it here.'

Hershey, who had judged so, said.

"Okay, let's hear it first. What's the condition?"

"If I keep the infinite hand until the 7th day, give me the priority of investigation of Istas."

Hershey's expression became awkward.

"Hey, that's too much even for me...."

"No, I'm proposing to everyone here. The number of defeats has already started to spread. But if it's me, I can definitely combine and keep the infinite hand. It's a much better choice than paying the price for losing the game, right?"

If Eden really had a hidden card, the probability of a reversal success was definitely high.

'Eden will do her best. It's a matter of religious belief.'

Hershey looked around and said.

"Let's vote. But if it's not unanimous, it can't pass. Those in favor, raise your hands."

Everyone in the coalition team must have their own calculations, but in the end, they started raising their hands one by one.

'It doesn't matter if the priority is pushed back a bit. She'll never find it anyway. If she succeeds, she'll get a reward, and if Eden fails, nothing will change. It's better to leave it to her for now.'

When Kaiden finally gave in, Hershey said.

"Okay, deal. We'll stick to Eden's strategy as before. This time, do it properly."

Anchal asked.

"Then who's going to mark Shiroe? I don't know how she manipulates time, but she seems to be able to make the strongest combination every time."

This was the biggest problem.

Even if Eden gathered infinity, if she couldn't stop Shiroe, it would end up being a tie, and then the game would be decided by the next order of hands.

Hershey, who had been looking for a successor, opened his mouth.

"Prings."

He was the only combat magician on the team since Kaiden was injured.

"No, I'm not going to mark Shiroe alone."

Prings said, stroking his mustache.

"I can't break it. She's too honest."

Pisho said.

"She definitely has a soft side. If we dig into that weakness...."

"It's not soft."

Hershey's face, staring into the darkness, turned cold.

"It's a little... hurtful to my pride."

This was also as Fermi expected, but it didn't feel good in this case.

-Kaiden can't do it alone.

Before the Scramble Royal started, Fermi said this.

"To stop Shiroe, we need a double, triple trap."

Hershey couldn't understand his words.

"In the first half of the gold wheel simulation, you were only about 7th at best. After all, 1st to 5th are us."
[Translated block]


"It was like that until the first half."

"Will it change? Besides, Kaiden will use a sword in this Scramble Royal. You know, sword skills?"

Fermi admitted that point.

"Of course, Kaiden can suppress Shiro. If there's no Armand, the wizard is weak to physical strength."

"So what's the problem?"

"But he... will eventually find a solution."

"You, didn't you dislike Shiro?"

Fermi laughed.

"I don't dislike anyone. They just make me dislike them. Anyway, Shiro doesn't stop. If the growth rate is accelerating, it's safe to think that he's always ahead of expectations. In other words, it's a defensive investment."

The fact that Miro took Shiro was the core of the judgment.

"So what do we do if Kaiden doesn't get through?"

Fermi pointed to Hershey with his index finger.

"Do this when that happens."

Hershey, who had been out of thought, spoke.

"Okay, I give up on Shiro's dedicated mark. Instead, Prings, you have something to do."

"If it's something I can do. What's the strategy?"

A cold smile appeared on Hershey's mouth.

"If you're going to come out like an old man... there's no choice but to stick a real old man."

* * *

The faces of the Shiro party gathered at the hideout were generally bright.

"Okay, we've reversed! We're going to keep going like this!"

Amy, who joined the team the latest, was the most excited now.

Everyone who guessed the reason laughed, and Nade looked back at Shiro and said.

"It was perfect timing. Because you smashed more than ten cards with a single Shibal Explosion."

"I'm still a little disappointed. I wanted to drag it until the 4th day so that there was no chance of reversal, but they came first to fight."

Iruki said.

"They'll be careful about Kang from now on. But that can also be used as a tactic. Anyway, we're going to keep winning. Because we've destroyed Eden's barrier."

"I'm sorry I couldn't see the exposure of Jeonra... Ouch!"

Sabina hit Nade's back of the head.

Everyone was enjoying the warm atmosphere, but there was one person who was unusually silent, Dorothy.

Iruki, who knew that her reaction had slowed down since the 3rd Scramble was summoned, asked.

"Dorothy, what happened?"

"Huh? No."

"Why did you retreat so quickly in the 3rd?"

Dorothy answered in a sensitive voice.

"It was dangerous."

"I'm not blaming you. I trust your judgment. But if there's a problem, let's solve it after...."

"It's nothing!"

When everyone looked at her in surprise, Dorothy, who immediately realized her mistake, bowed her head.

"I'm sorry, I'm really sorry."

Amy said.

"It's okay. It can be sensitive when the battle heats up."

Nade intervened.

"That's right. Let's rest well today and do well tomorrow. We can win."

As the Shiro team, who finished the day's battle, disbanded, only Iruki remained in place.

* * *

4th day Scramble Royal, opening.

"The 2nd Scramble has been summoned."

Shiro, who has already collected six cards, focused on destroying the opponent's Scramble.

The closest coordinate was the forest near the integrated training ground.

"Start!"

Shiro, who was more excited because he was winning, quickly covered the distance and found the sparkling Scramble.

"I found it!"

Then the ground shook and a pincer bug three times larger than a human came up.

'Pishoda!'

-Only participants can collect Scramble.

The bug that swallowed the Scramble turned and ran away, and Shiro immediately launched a Homing Photon Cannon.

-However, the location of the Scramble can be moved by factors other than the participants.

It was a fact already confirmed by Dorothy's experiment, and the coordinates of the moved Scramble are not recorded on the Master Card.

'I have to catch it before it runs underground.'
[Translated block]


Among the Homing Photon Cannons cast by Shiro, four hit the tree and the remaining three struck the bug's carapace.

Kieeeee!

As the bug fell down screaming, I started to run towards it, and a light began to spread from the gaps in the exoskeleton.

Insert Magic - Bomb Bug.

A bug evolved to have a self-destruct function.

Usually, it is grafted onto small bugs, but the scale now was enough to blow away a radius of 5 meters.

"Kuk!"

The fragments of the bug hit Shiro's body.

'It's not an emergency. It's an ambush.'

I could be sure because I knew the Insert series.

Insect magicians use the 'ecosystem in the head' to induce specific evolution from the egg state.

To differentiate a bug of this size into a self-destruct function, it would have taken at least 2 hours.

'What are you aiming for?'

Shiro's eyes widened as he expanded the Spirit Zone to find Pisho.

'Is there one more person?'
[Translated block]