


[449] The Beginning of Change (1)

Drimo.

A multidimensional space where all the mental energy of the world flows.

There is no clear rule that can define the world in this place where countless consciousnesses are mixed.

Anything can happen and anything can be denied.

The knife comes in after the neck is cut, and sometimes the neck does not cut even though the knife is in.

That's why it's a suicide to have a clear sense of self in Drimo.

Unless it is backed by a high level of mental understanding, everything here was a trap.

He didn't know how much time had passed, but it seemed to Arius that he had already aged 10 years.

Brahma, who stretched his brain stem like hair, offered a solution without leaving Arius's side for a moment.

It was a place he reached after several times of overcoming the crisis of death, even though he could make a judgment that 10,000 cautious people made through compromise in one second.

"Hoo. Hoo."

Arius slowly dragged his tired body into the temple.

If there is no keyword here either....

Maybe Miro is not human.

He extracted all the information related to her with just one name, Miro.

The mental trauma that must exist as a living being, as a human being.

The original plan was to hit Miro with that trauma and wake her up from the dimension of horror, but now even that was unlikely.

The temple floating above the clouds.

Did Miro's real temple look like this?

Arius, who entered by opening a neat and old-fashioned door, looked around with a word of hope.

And soon he frowned.

There was no need to look at anything. There was nothing to see.

It was just a clean temple floor without a speck of dust that stretched out as far as the eye could see.

"Damn it! How... How can there be no trauma! How!"

Arius bit his teeth.

He went into the minds of countless people as a grave robber.

Even in the mind of a person who is known as the most good-hearted person in the world, there is a murky psychology and trauma that can never be revealed.

That's human, and that's why the world is maintained.

But Miro seemed to be completely out of that rule.

'It can't be. She's human too.'

Nothing means nothing.

She also lived as a human being. She loved, made mistakes, desired, and hated.

It's just that it wasn't connected to regret, shame, denial, and self-loathing.

Literally the extreme of indifference. An infinitely free mind because there are no taboos and no obsessions.

"What are you going to do now? You couldn't find the keyword you were talking about."

Brahma asked.

Depending on the answer, his life would go away, but Arius didn't care.

He thought there was no perfect human being. It's still the same now, but it was time to make a choice.

'Did I misunderstand humans? Wasn't humans originally imperfect?'

"Arius, can you find it?"

When he didn't answer the second question, Brahma flew up with his brain stem fluttering.

Whether he knew it or not, Arius clenched his chin and circled around one place.

Miro.

A genius of magic with an unprecedented scale in history.

'Maybe I thought too easily. I need to examine it more in detail.'

Miro lived her life triumphantly. The most shocking event for her would probably be the trial of 20 people.

'That's right.'

Arius stopped walking and looked around the pillars of the temple. And he began to count numbers with his fingers raised.

One, two, three. He stood in front of the twentieth pillar and looked for something different.

'Nothing?'

Numbers are major keywords that make up the mind.

If there is such a thing as a keyword, it should be right here.

'Do I have to look for it by name? But there is nothing here that symbolizes trial....'
[Translated block]


```
"Arius, it's time."

Brahma, who approached behind him, revealed a wicked expression as he emitted a purple light.

The time that Kariel had ordered had already passed. He had come this far with his own judgment, but he could not delay any more.

The moment Brahma's arm, which had turned into a blade, swung quickly to cut Arius's neck.

"Ah!"

A cry burst out of Arius's mouth.

Two blades stopped at his neck. Blood seeped out of the slit skin, but Arius was not in the mood to feel pain.

"Ah... Ahhh..."

As Arius approached the pillar, Brahma also withdrew his blade and watched a little more.

"It's there. It's there."

On the grid with even grooves, there was a thin line that could not be seen unless you looked closely.

'Judgment of 20! Something happened that day.'

Arius's fingertips trembled as they reached for the line.

Brahma, who was watching it, activated his ability.

The trauma of the line was amplified and the scenery changed.

There was only a small well in a completely black space, but the meaning of the scenery was no longer important.

Arius, who ran hastily, looked inside.

The only wound left in Miro's mind like a thread.

The scene of that wound was reflected like a video.

"This, this is...!"

Arius's eyes shook with shock.

It was completely different from what he had expected, a very human, one scene.

"Kuku. Kukuku."

His whole body cells tickled and laughter burst out from his whole body.

"Kahaha! Kahahaha!"

The best glory and ecstasy of his life.

He conquered the maze.

He found the only weakness engraved on the magician's mind that seemed to have no gaps.

'Only I don't know. The maze is mine now.'

Brahma said in a cold voice.

"Start if you found it. Kariel is waiting."

He didn't need to be urged.

He was crazy to see her expression when she was forcibly pulled out of the dimension of emptiness.

"Then... shall we start?"

As Miro's mind was connected to the well, Arius jumped in right away.

Brahma followed him and wove a net with Miro's only trauma and threw it into the dimension of emptiness.

Miro's mind distorted by the three-eyed mirror.

"Kruk!"

Even in a state of unconsciousness, she tried to maintain her mind with only inertia.

But as she denied it, one thought that endlessly flooded in did not leave her head.

Her heart thumped and only thoughts about him hit her brain with dull emotions.

"Huh!"

Miro's eyes opened wide as the three-eyed mirror broke.

As the infinity of emptiness disappeared, confused thoughts rushed in like rapids and swept Arius and Brahma along with them.

The scenery that appeared when he came to his senses was his own temple different from the one in Dreamo.

Miro, who was sitting on a throne, glared at him with fierce eyes as Arius opened his lips trembling with ecstasy.

Miro turned her gaze away and looked at Brahma.

Triangle Mara. It was clear that they had found some way from the angel side.

'Using trauma...'

It had been bothering him for a long time, but eventually it caught his ankle.

"Despicable Miro."

Brahma floated in the air.

"It's all over. Accepting Anke Ra's will is the only fate left for humans. From now on I will chop your bones."

'Where is my body? Has it already been moved to heaven? Then there is no turning back.'

Arius spoke up.

"If you're thinking of going back to the three-eyed mirror, I suggest you give up. Of course you know why."

And he approached Miro arrogantly and pushed his face forward.

"I was quite shocked. I didn't know you had such a side."

Miro's eyes trembled slightly.

Someone knew what no one should know, even thoughts that she herself turned away from. It was a huge shock.
```
[Translated block]
Cariel smiled coldly and drew his sword from his waist. The blade shone with divine light that pierced Miro's eyes. 

"You think you can resist me? You are nothing but a worm that crawled out of a hole. You have no idea what kind of power I wield."

Miro shrugged and snapped his fingers. A portal opened behind him and dozens of armed soldiers poured out. They wore black suits and
[Translated block]


"I don't know much about that, but it was definitely interesting."

Miro's eyebrows twitched.

"......What do you mean?"

Kariel opened the Grand Law Book.

Now that Miro's space-time had disappeared, it would be better to kill him right away, but there was a better solution in the current hell.

"It's a human named Gaold. He seems to have come looking for you."

Miro's forehead slightly narrowed.

'This idiot......'
[Translated block]