


```text
[338] Wave of Law (3)

"How about grasping the subject? Don't you know what's going on right now? You're the best at school, do you think your name will work in a place like this?"

Shirone didn't hear Jokre's words.

People will die if they hold on like this. But if that was going to happen anyway, there was a much simpler solution.

Shirone narrowed his focus like a sniper. The Ice Queen's face came into his eyes clearly.

'I have to finish it in one go.'

He eliminates the Ice Queen in the shortest time possible.

Then the strange ability that dominates this space will disappear.

Shirone kept his poker face and Jokre suffered from psychological pressure.

It felt like someone who was sure they had a gangster in a poker game had put all their assets in.

'What kind of bastards are they?'

They were bluffing in a situation where hundreds of lives were at stake. It was something that could never happen in his common sense.

They looked down on him. He felt an uncontrollable rage as he thought so.

"How dare you look down on me!"

The moment Jokre shouted, Shirone's Arman came out of the scabbard and rushed like a flash.

Arman was aiming not at Jokre, but at the Ice Queen.

The Ice Queen activated the Law of Movement and quickly moved away. Nevertheless, she flew up into the sky as she was pushed back by the speed.

'Law of Destruction.'

The Ice Queen's law was applied to Arman. But the magic sword only shivered and did not break.

'Why?'

It was an unfamiliar experience for the Ice Queen.

'Avatar?'

A perfect trinity object cannot be changed by law, and it was called an avatar in heaven.

The Ice Queen activated the Law of Freezing. Frost formed on Arman's blade and ice began to clump.

As the speed slowed down, the Ice Queen regained her composure. But something hit her back as if she had bumped into something.

'What is it?'

She had no time to find the answer to her question and amplified the Law of Freezing. Arman, trapped in a huge chunk of ice, fell to the ground as he couldn't bear the weight.

The Ice Queen immediately turned around and cast a wave of law at the point where she had hit. A translucent dome-shaped barrier spread across the sky with a bang.

'Something is blocking the space.'

Jokre looked blank. Dante, who had installed gold margins all night, spoke proudly.

Dante, who had installed seal margins all night, spoke proudly.

"How about that, my surprise gift? This area is already sealed. I've been sticking totems all night and hitting gold margins. The Ice Queen can never get out of here."

Jokre slowly turned his head and looked at Dante. The Ice Queen was trapped. It was the worst situation imaginable.

"You're clinging to that monster and trying to rule the world? Does where you live look so easy? The army will be deployed soon. Even if we die here, the Ice Queen will eventually disappear. Let's end it well now. Then normal participation will be possible."

Jokre's chin trembled. His breathing became rough. The Ice Queen would disappear when the army was deployed. Of course, he and his friends would also pay for their crimes.

"You trapped me."

The Ice Queen landed. The cold she brought spread across the ground, making people's bones chilly.

Shirone did not avoid the Ice Queen's killing intent. Rather, he caught Arman's handle as if he wanted to challenge him, looking into his eyes. The gem embedded in the cross guard was emitting a strong red light. He knew that his opponent was not easy to deal with.

"Your Majesty, are you okay?"

The Ice Queen looked back at Jokre, who asked anxiously, and smiled gently, stroking his head.

But when she looked back at Shirone, her eyes were completely different. The cold gaze pierced his heart like an ice spear.
```
[Translated block]


"Why are you interfering with me?"

"Don't you know what you did? And weren't you the first to treat other people's lives lightly?"

"Foolish. The strong rule. Isn't that the rule of the world you live in? I'm just trying to reign over you as a new ruler."

A coldness rose above the Ice Queen's head.

"Frost Mist."

The cold quickly spread from the Ice Queen. Shirone's coat froze and cracked. The cooling speed was too fast. In a few seconds, the people around would freeze to their hearts.

"Dangerous!"

Lilia cast a local seal on the Ice Queen's feet. A circular seal lit up and a pillar of dark light soared high.

"Kuk!"

The Ice Queen's face twisted. It felt like something essential to her was falling down, as if an object could not defy the law of gravity.

The Ice Queen pulled up her law and soared into the sky, and Lilia lowered her head with a regretful expression.

"No. It's too active to be trapped by a local seal. We have to tie her up somehow."

The Ice Queen's face, which could not restrain her expression, was grotesque. That's how powerful the seal was. She had not felt such a fear of extinction even when her brain was burning.

"I will not forgive you!"

The Ice Queen cast a wave of law, and the laws around people's necks disappeared and new laws were born.

"Kraaaa!"

People's mouths popped out like dogs and their teeth sharpened. Their muscles swelled and their clothes tore, and their nails grew like wolves. Their hardened skin protruded like armor.

"She's evolving them into a state suitable for combat!"

Dante shouted at Lilia's words.

"Let's finish it before they join forces. We can win if we concentrate our firepower. Lilia, focus on defending the law."

As Shirone's party flew toward the Ice Queen, Vivian put both hands on the ground and muttered.

"Radius of Spirit."

Vivian's body petrified and the ground shook. A circular barrier rose in succession from her center and spread out.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

Every 10 meters, a wall radiated in the form of rays, and the space between the walls was 10 meters. And all this radius was made up of her spirit.

"Damn! What is this!"

Shirone's party retreated hastily, but before they could take a few steps, a wall rose behind them. It was a 30-meter-high barrier.

As they panicked, the front wall melted down and Vivian's face protruded in relief. Her upper body came out and her lower body stretched out like a snake and connected to the wall.

"Hehe. How about it? My ability, Radius of Spirit."

Vivian raised both hands and Jokre and Rudvans jumped down and landed on her palms like hawks.

"Haha! Good look. You were so cocky, but is this all you got?"

Radius of Spirit is a barrier that shares with the drinker's spirit and builds 10 meters per second. However, as the radius widens, the density of the spirit becomes thinner, so if you build a wall too far away, the reaction drops to an inanimate level. But Vivian was satisfied with her ability. The Ice Queen had implemented her psychology of wanting to be noticed by everyone as an ability.

"This place is a perfect maze. If you catch me in the center, Radius of Spirit will be released. But can you find your way?"

"We don't need to wander around like mice."

Dante cast teleportation. It was enough to jump over a 30-meter-high barrier. Then countless Vivians popped out from the top and swung their petrified hands.

"Tsk! Annoying."

If he collided with a petrified Vivian with a linear teleportation, he could not avoid fatal injuries. Dante landed with an annoyed expression as Shirone held Armand vertically.

"I'll take care of the Ice Queen."

Everyone looked at Shirone as he recited.
[Translated block]


"Adamantine Armor."

As the blade split, a thin skeleton like an insect's leg swallowed Shirow's face. As he turned into a magician with a hood deep down, Jokre's party's faces hardened.

Dante asked.

"Is that Adamantine Armor? What are you trying to do?"

"Arman stood up to the law. Adamantine Armor might be able to block the Ice Queen's law."

Lilia nodded her head.

"It's possible. It's the same principle as a totem. But the Ice Queen is in the sky. We need to find a way out first."

Shirow lifted his face hidden by the hood. The radius of the spirit that creates clones at the speed of mind is definitely a difficult problem. But there was not no way out.

'Function comes from form.'

Shirow maximized photon sculpting. A bright light burned from his body and giant wings of light spread out.

He carved light.

That fact surprised the magicians. It was a tremendous photon compression force to create a shape with light that had luminosity.

Jokre's party also swallowed dry saliva. They all knew what Shirow was trying to do by shaping a form that only performed one function, flying in the sky.

"I'll leave this place to you."

Photon Sculpting-Photon Wing.

Shirow, who bent his lower body, swung his wings of light down and soared at an incredible speed. It looked like a flash of light even though it wasn't teleportation.

'Don't think I'll miss you!'

Nevertheless, Vivian reacted. Dozens of Vivians popped out of the wall and bit Shirow like teeth.

'I got him!'

The impact was clearly conveyed. But soon Vivian narrowed her eyebrows as if puzzled. The tentacles of Adamantine Armor blocked the attack of the petrified clones from close range.

"This is...!"

Vivian poured out all her strength. The sound of stone wearing away came from where Shirow was. The resilience from the durability of stone was great, but the tentacles of Adamantine Indestructible were powerful enough to break ordinary rocks.

&nbsp;-External pressure 1.7 tons. Muscle maintenance limit reached.

Shirow clenched his teeth and pushed his tentacles down. The tentacles that squeezed into the narrow gap bounced Shirow up and Vivian's clones collided with each other and broke.

'Remove the Ice Queen.'

The speed created by Photon Wing was terrifying. Shirow chased the Ice Queen at a speed close to sound. As his vision narrowed, Arman readjusted his physical abilities.

&nbsp;-Target recognition impossible. Increase in visual cells. Macular function enhancement.

His vision widened and the Ice Queen became clear. The artificial brain outside balanced flight. As the distance narrowed, the Ice Queen turned around and cast a law.

"Blizzard of Freezing."

As snowflakes sharper than razors swirled, Shirow covered his face. The cloak that covered his whole body hardened into metal and ice shards scratched the surface like thousands of glasses breaking.

"Krrr!"

The Ice Queen's law was not as sharp as magic in terms of purpose, but it was different in terms of scale. Her rules were bigger than the rules here. That was scale.

Shirow changed his hardened cloak back to organic and glared ahead. The atmosphere froze and huge ice streams spread out like human nervous systems in a complex way. It felt like he had become a microbe on a micro level.

'They say it's extremely cold.'

The reason he didn't feel cold was because Arman was adjusting his nervous system. But as soon as he breathed in, the cold air froze his lungs.

"Huh!"

Shirow quickly closed his mouth.

&nbsp;-Breathing blockage detected. Artificial oxygen replacement. Remaining oxygen consumption time: 1 minute 27 seconds, 2 minutes 32 seconds, 4 minutes 49 seconds.

Arman stockpiled air and started injecting oxygen directly into Shirow's blood vessels. Shirow regained his combat power and flew between ice streams and fought an aerial battle with the Ice Queen.

Like a hawk hunting, Shirow folded Photon Wing and rushed in, grabbed his wrist, and fired a photon cannon at 120 shots per minute with a magic crystal ball embedded in his gauntlet.
[Translated block]