


[233] 4. Combat Simulation (3)

Dante could no longer endure the humiliation.

"Is this real! Do you think I'm that funny? You want me to believe that?"

"Shirone's words are true."

Iruki approached and wrapped Shirone's shoulder.

"I understand that you are excited, but Shirone really doesn't know you. Because he hasn't even been in magic school for a year. This is his second semester."

Dante pushed his lips out with a stunned expression. The semester had just started, so it was only half a year in terms of time. But it was hard to understand logically that the size of the spirit zone was comparable to his own.

'No, no. They're working together and pushing me around.'

Dante pretended to be calm and sneered.

"Heh, then you mean you all kneeled down to a guy who learned magic for only half a year? Are all the kids who go to this school nothing but trash?"

The students were angry, but they couldn't argue because Dante's words were true.

The only person who was qualified was the party concerned, Shirone.

"Why do you talk like that? You don't learn magic to beat someone."

"Haha! You speak well. Well, I haven't seen your skills myself either."

Regardless of what reason magic was born, modern society is an infinite competition system. In such a situation, arguing about the essence was either the ideal of the weak or the hypocrisy of the strong.

Dante, who concluded that he was the latter, raised his key with a crow's foot and looked down at Shirone.

"I'll rip off all your lies. Look forward to it."

@

As soon as the class was over, the teachers of the advanced class gathered in the conference room.

Olivia meticulously recorded the problems she had found while looking around the school for a day. Then she put a new paper on her desk and started the meeting.

"You've all been on a tour together, so there's no need for a long story. In this state, the school's ranking will drop further. I think extraordinary measures are needed."

It was already expected that Olivia would drop a bomb. But what kind of bomb it was was a question.

"I tried various ways, but there is no alternative in the advanced class. But there is one way. It is to adopt the system of the graduation class."

The teachers' eyes widened. Before they could feel that it was impossible, Olivia declared.

"I request to open the combat simulation training ground, 2000번異天煩, to the advanced class."

Sade hit the table and got up.

"Principal! 2000번 is too dangerous. Even the graduation class is using the training ground under the teacher's control."

"What's so dangerous? You don't have to treat students too gently. Even if 2000번 is close to reality, you can lower the sync rate."

Olivia sincerely persuaded Sade.

"The principal's way is also right. It is true that we overprotected the children of the advanced class. But I dare say that even the graduation class is not so low-level. They are competing fiercely enough, and field training is enough for them."

"How can the upper class be fierce if the middle class is not fierce? It's going from advanced class to graduation class, where do you get this school's graduation class from? You can't achieve innovation with that kind of thinking. You need to think differently."

Ethela said.

"But what about the graduation class then? They open 2000번 every day."

"There are two 2000번 training grounds as far as I know. If you add Colosseum, which is a graduation test site, there are three. If you allocate time well, you should be able to use one of them in advanced class."

The teachers closed their mouths. It was because of 2000번 that they trained in real life in graduation class. It wasn't impossible to apply it to advanced class, but they also had to care about intangible values such as pride of graduation class.

Above all, it was against Alpheus' educational philosophy, who had worked hard for decades for the school.
[Translated block]


As the silence grew longer, the atmosphere became unclear whether they wanted to have a meeting or a fight. Olivia, who had been patiently waiting for opinions to come out, nodded.

"So, that's it. Is it because I'm a temporary worker that you can't listen to me? Do you still think Alpheus is the principal in your heart?"

"No, no. That's not it at all...!"

"You can be honest. It's possible for humans to do that. But don't be mistaken. I, who was the former principal of the Royal Magic School and the current auditor of the teacher's meeting, did not come to school to fill Alpheus's hole. Alpheus knows that better than anyone, and that's why he came to me personally and begged me."

Sade sweated profusely. Olivia was right. She was the current principal. And the teachers had to acknowledge that fact.

But what can't be done can't be done. She will be gone in six months. Alpheus's philosophy is the history and tradition of the school, and it must be maintained.

"I don't deny Olivia's reputation. I respect her in my heart too. But this sudden request is also difficult for us..."

"Just follow what Olivia says."

The teachers turned around in unison. Alpheus, who had entered through the back door, was smiling. As the teachers' mental pillar appeared, Olivia showed a displeased expression.

"What? Are you watching me? I don't think I need Alpheus's permission to do what I have delegated authority for."

"Of course not. I was just taking a walk and I thought I heard some ultrasonic sounds. Hahaha!"

"Then please mind your own business, former principal."

"Before I go, I want to say a word to my disciple personally. Sade, the principal of the school is clearly Olivia. You should know that well."

"I understand."

As Alpheus stepped in and nailed it down, the other teachers had nothing to say. They wondered if he had really handed over his authority to a temporary principal for six months, but now there was no doubt.

"Haha! Then this old man will go now."

Olivia snorted. But she didn't make any more fuss. It was something she needed to make clear once in a while.

Olivia looked at Sade and he bowed his head and said.

"I will announce it to the advanced class."

@

An announcement was posted on the advanced class bulletin board. From now on, integrated education will be conducted at Training Ground 27.

The lower classes were confused, but the upper classes who knew where it was couldn't help but tense up.

Nade and Eruki also sensed that something was wrong.

"That's where 2000 is, right? Is this really okay?"

"We didn't expect it to end like this anyway. What does it matter? It's not like we're dying."

Eruki was right. It wasn't like they were dying.

But it wasn't a war game where they made sound effects with their mouths when they were young.

"Still, I'm nervous. Are they really going to do it?"

"I don't know. Looking at the principal's personality now, it might be possible. She said she was a pragmatist. Anyway, let's go tell Shirone."

Nade looked around.

"By the way, where did Shirone go without eating dinner?"

"He went there. He said he would see us at the research meeting tonight. He said he had something to do at the training ground."

"At this time?"

"It's a bit awkward to do it when it's quiet. He said this is the only time he has to practice."

"Could it be... Ataraxia?"

Eruki gave a meaningful smile.

"It's a perfect time to peek. Let's go."

@

Shirone was standing alone in the training ground where no one was there. He came here to train Ataraxia by skipping his meal.

The preparation time of one minute was too long for him to think about it. The magic circle was not constrained by space, so it could be used as a siege weapon, but he wasn't going to jump into war right away, and mass killing was something he had to be very careful about.

---

I hope you enjoyed reading this translation! If you have any questions or feedback, please let me know in the chat box below.😊
[Translated block]


'I thought I would get used to it if I practiced hundreds or thousands of times. But maybe once a day is all I can do.'

The difficulty of repetitive training was also an obstacle to training ataraxia. But Shirone didn't give up. Didn't she do it when she decided to read history books in the library of the Ogent family? There was always acceleration in everything, so if she walked hard, she would be running at some point.

"Okay! Let's do it."

Shirone cast Halo. A circle with a diameter of 1 meter was born in front of her eyes and absorbed countless concepts.

The colorful colors that pushed from the front were always a dreamy sight. As she passed a certain level, a multidimensional structure that was beyond the realm of understanding was engraved and ataraxia was born.

Shirone aimed at the target in front of her and set the magic. It was photon output, not photon cannon, so there was no physical force and she could use magic as much as she wanted.

"Hey, Shirone...!"

Nade and Iruki entered the training ground as soon as a huge beam of light was fired from the ataraxia magic circle.

It was a light that flashed enough to see the training ground from above, and even students far away noticed that the other side of the mountain was bright and turned their heads.

Nade and Iruki widened their eyes. They felt a thrill from the amount of light output alone.

It's not a size that humans can handle. It felt like they had moved a phenomenon that could only be seen in nature to their eyes. What would be left in the place where that light passed?

Surprisingly, not a speck of dust rose. Iruki realized that the magic Shirone cast was photon output. Cold sweat ran down his back. If it had been a photon cannon, the cliff blocking the training ground would have disappeared.

'As expected, Shirone is amazing. You have to be that good for my killer move to shine.'

Nade moved his legs awkwardly like a person who had forgotten how to walk.

"Hey, Shirone. This..."

Before Nade's words were over, Shirone collapsed with a thud.

Normally, some consciousness would remain, but because it was only once a day training, she poured out all her strength.

"Shirone, Shirone! Come to your senses."

Nade lifted Shirone up and slapped her cheek. Sometimes magicians died while demonstrating excessive magic, so terrible imaginations flooded in.

Contrary to his worries, Shirone opened her eyes quickly.

"Huh? When did you come?"

"Are you okay? I've been here since you used ataraxia or something."

"Hahaha! Did you see? I was saving it."

Shirone got up with her hand on the floor. She staggered, but it wasn't unbearable.

Iruki came closer without taking his eyes off the target area.

"The magic you cast in heaven was ataraxia plus photon cannon, right? How much destructive power would that be? I can't even ask you to try it after seeing this."

"That's right. There probably won't be many cases where I can use such powerful power in reality. But I still want to polish it up. It takes too much time."

"It's not always like that. Maybe you'll get a chance to use it right away in reality."

"Huh? What do you mean? Opportunity?"

Iruki looked back at Nade. He came to find Shirone and complain at first, but he became interested as the situation turned out like this.

"We're going to train two thousand times from tomorrow. The principal said he would do that."

"Two thousand times? What is that?"

Iruki pointed to the sky and said.

"Virtual agony."

Nade added.

"It's a combat simulation system for grand magicians."

@

Advanced class integration class started 10 minutes ago, and students' tension was higher than usual.

Training ground 27 was a flat land cut off from the mountain, and the floor was densely finished with small metal blocks.

Four iron towers were erected along the outer edge, which looked about 7 meters high.

The teachers in charge of education were Shiina, Sad, and Etela. The students were satisfied because they could receive guidance from all popular teachers.
[Translated block]