


[350] The Prosecutor's Belief (2)

Clump, who was sitting on the witness stand, crossed his arms and looked serious. Next to him was Kuan, who had rushed over after receiving Clump's call from the swordsmanship school.

Looking at the two of them standing, Lian straightened his back and met Clump's eyes without shaking, then spoke.

"It's my decision. It's strange to ask for permission for what I decided, but please accept it."

Clump exhaled as if the ground was collapsing.

The blue-haired lineage is free-spirited and hot-blooded. He roughly knew how hard Lian had worked so far, and he didn't understand how he couldn't do schema. But it's only been a year now. It was too early to judge the success or failure of the class.

"......Are you running away? What are you going to do by dropping out of school? Are you going back to your family and thinking of doing personal training?"

"No. I'm going to leave for knight performance."

Clump clenched his teeth and his beard twitched. Anger and ecstasy were complexly intertwined. How can he think exactly like himself when he was young?

Still, he had no choice but to oppose it.

Even when Clump was young, there were many people who performed knight performances. The world situation was dizzying, and it was not a dream to conquer the world with a sword.

But times have changed.

The sword is a skill that kills people. Therefore, there is no better training than experiencing actual combat, but it was a double-edged sword that could end one's life with a single mistake.

"Don't say you're young. You're almost nineteen years old. But can you say for sure that there is nothing to learn at school? Is school really such a trivial existence to you?"

"I've never thought about that kind of thing. I just want to be stronger."

This time Clump also showed his anger.

It was a separate issue from being satisfied with resembling himself and wanting to go the same way as his ancestors. Above all, he couldn't push his cute grandson into danger.

"Do you want to be stronger and leave for performance? Do you think childishness will work until now?"

"It's not childishness! I'm serious about risking my life...!"

Clump was adamant.

If you can't, you can't. You can experience actual combat anytime when the time comes. First of all, you have to build up your skills enough to go out into the world."

"No. I've already submitted my withdrawal letter. The decision has already been made."

"I canceled it. This old man who is looking at seventy begged his junior here and fixed it."

"Grandfather!"

Lian raised his voice.

It was frustrating enough that Clump had repaired his withdrawal letter, let alone that Clump had asked someone for his own business.

As Lian tried to speak out as his emotions burned, there was a knock on the door.

Clump frowned as if he was annoyed and said.

"What? I'm talking right now, so do it later."

"Old man, Sirone is looking for you."

Lian looked at the door with surprised eyes. His heart suddenly started beating fast.

The closest friend and lord who made a knight oath. No matter what the reason, he was the only person he didn't want to show this kind of thing.

Clump also knew what Sirone meant to Lian. He stroked his beard for a moment and thought, then made a decision.

"Tell him to come in."

Lian's personality was stubborn and stubborn, so even if he was a family member, he wouldn't listen to anything. But Sirone might be able to change the situation.

The door opened and Sirone came in. Tes popped his head out and sniffed the atmosphere in the room, but Louis didn't give him a word of leisure and closed the door right away.

Lian unknowingly avoided Sirone's gaze. But Sirone didn't care either and greeted Clump first.

"Hello, old man."

"Yeah. I heard from Reyna. You've been through a lot."

He already knew what had happened in Kazra. After going through the ordeal, Sirone's aura was unbelievably strong.
[Translated block]


But now he had no time to worry about Shiro's change. Shiro also knew why Klump called him and didn't beat around the bush.

"Lian dropped out of school."

Klump scratched his head exaggeratedly, showing his displeasure.

"Yeah. You try to persuade him a little. What a reckless thing to do."

"I agree."

Klump's hand stopped. Lian, of course, and even Kuan, who didn't know Shiro, looked at him with surprise.

"Agree? You mean it's okay for Lian to drop out of school?"

"Yes. I don't know the situation or the reason, but I think it's the right way if Lian decided that way."

Klump tried to keep his composure.

He thought that Shiro's appearance was a variable for a turnaround, but it was more headache than ever if he acted as Lian's defender. Especially since he would be a very tricky defender.

"Yeah. As Lian's lord, your opinion is also worth considering. But if you think so, you must have a reasonable reason, right?"

Shiro turned his head to Lian. And as Lian still looked uncomfortable and lowered his eyes slightly, he looked at Klump and continued.

"There is no such thing as a reasonable reason."

"What?"

"I don't know what choice is more efficient for Lian. But one thing I can guarantee for sure."

Shiro said with confidence.

"The Lian I know is not a friend who runs away in any situation."

Lian clenched his fists. It was more encouraging than a thousand words.

"It may be a foolish judgment. But it's not trying to avoid it. Then I think it's the duty of a friend to cheer for Lian rather than stop him."

Klump burst into laughter because of the frustration that tickled his lungs.

It was a beautiful friendship. And it's natural to want to protect something beautiful.

'You wicked guy. You already know what I'm weak at.'

It was different from when he faced the landlord Bishop. He couldn't stop them firmly as Klump, a man of loyalty, when they came out like this.

But as Shiro already knew, he was not a person who handled things with emotion alone.

"I understand how you feel. And it's persuasive too. But Shiro, that's just your and Lian's legitimacy. You don't know the world yet. At least I've been walking the path of a prosecutor for decades. Do you think it's just school? No way. Someday today's dropout will hold back Lian's ankle."

Kuan raised his hand.

"I have something to say at this point."

Everyone's eyes turned to Kuan.

Shiro saw him for the first time, but he could tell that he was not an ordinary person by the aura he exuded.

"Actually, I didn't respond to the general's call to have a consultation as a teacher. I thought I should tell you this myself."

Kuan took out an envelope from his pocket.

It was Lian's withdrawal letter.

"I respect and want to help the general, but I can't accept the withdrawal cancellation. Teaching a student who has given up on school goes against my educational philosophy."

"Ugh."

It was mountain after mountain for Klump.

Kuan's stubbornness was well known in the swordsmanship school. It was the same even if the opponent was a general of public 3rd class prosecutor.

"Please do me a favor. How about letting this one go?"

'Grandpa...'

Lian felt suffocated. He felt his denial in the appearance of the general asking his distant junior for his grandson.

But Kuan was really not an easy opponent.

"It's irresponsible as a teacher, but Lian has no future in school. Of course there are things to learn in terms of skills, but the evaluation items are clearly schema-based. There are opinions that brain enhancement is also included in the category of schema, but even so, it is not something that can be taught in school. You know that education and practice are different as heaven and earth. And practice and real battle are different systems altogether. It's not a real sword fight, and you can't include it in your score just because you won in wrestling with your students."
[Translated block]


Kuan's words didn't sound particularly unpleasant. Kuan was also someone who had watched Lian closely as a teacher, and he was just giving his honest opinion.

Silence filled the room. No one spoke.

Then, the butler Louis called out again from outside the door.

"Grandfather, the second young master has arrived."

Lian's face twisted strongly.

Ogent Lai. Of all times, his lifelong enemy came to the house. He didn't want to see him for a different reason than Sirona.

Lai entered the house confidently, and Sirona quickly stepped aside. He had only seen him once when he worked as a librarian for the Ogent family, but his impression was still vivid in his mind.

A cold face with black hair. His cold demeanor was unchanged, but he had grown so much that his intense energy could be felt on his skin.

Reina followed him in, and this time Louis couldn't close the door.

She approached behind Lai and shouted with her eyes wide open.

"Hey! What are you so busy with that you don't even show your face? Do you know you came home after a month?"

Lai's expression crumpled at his sister's nagging.

"I was busy. I can't help it. I'm going on a mission soon, so I came to pack my stuff. I'm hungry, so get me some food."

Reina glared at the back of Lai's head and whispered to Louis to prepare a meal. He was her brother who came home after a long time, so she had to feed him some warm food and send him off, right?

Lai approached Clump and bowed his head in a dignified posture. He was now a fellow soldier, so he couldn't treat him casually at home.

"Grandfather."

"Hmm, you look like you're doing well. Oh, introduce yourself. This is Kuan, a teacher at the swordsmanship school."

Lai's eyes changed.

'Kuan? The death magician Kuan?'

He had heard a story after he passed the official exam and joined the army. It was an unconfirmed fact, but the name of the only swordsman who survived and returned after facing Pungjang was definitely Kuan.

Lai turned to Kuan and bowed his head.

"Hello. I'm Ogent Lai."

"Yeah, I've heard of you. You have a good temperament as I heard."

Kuan also received his greeting as politely as possible. His attitude was different from when he dealt with Lian.

'That kid. The genius swordsman of the Ogent family.'

He passed the official 10th grade last year and became an 8th grade sergeant already. His energy was cold and sharp, as if he was looking at himself in his youth.

Kuan waited in a standing position for him to evaluate him enough, and Lai looked back at Clump and asked.

"But why is the high official of the swordsmanship school here?"

Reina crossed her arms and said.

"Lian dropped out of school. So grandfather called him to change his mind."

"He dropped out of school?"

Lai turned his head to Lian as if to confirm his sincerity. Then Lian also glared at him with his eyes wide open. He didn't want to lose even a staring contest to Lai, let alone Sirona.

But Lai just snorted and said as if he didn't care.

"What's the big deal? If you want to quit, just quit. Hurry up and get me some food. I'm hungry."

Reina clicked her tongue.

"How can you be so indifferent? Don't you worry about your brother's life as an older brother?"

Lai walked past Lian toward the door.

"He was doomed from the start. It's better to give up now. Just give me some food."

Lian followed Lai's back with his eyes and said.

"Wait a minute."

And when Lai turned around, he pointed his finger at his forehead.

"You didn't go to school either, did you?"

"That's different from you. I don't need to go, but you're wasting your time even if you go."

A cracking sound came from Lian's teeth.
[Translated block]