


[544] Forbidden Sanctuary (4)

Arman's pressure was familiar to Shirone.

As something sharp pierced and entered the spine, all the functions that make up the body became superior and Arman's information was synchronized.

Six options attached to the magic sword flowed down in memory.

Among the information intuitively delivered through brain waves, only Valhalla Action was in an unusable state.

"Shirone, did anything come to mind?"

Shirone looked down at Marsha.

Marsha's intense memory raised Shirone's information recovery rate to 78 percent and reached the realm of unity.

Because the reality of Shirone was in a state of being combined with Arman, the information was implemented as it was in Apocalypse.

'I don't know. What exactly is real.'

I thought everything would become clear when I regained my memory, but it was rather the opposite.

Now all kinds of memories were mixed like a hodgepodge and I couldn't tell what was real and what was a dream.

'First of all, saving Yo is a priority.'

Shirone put Marsha down and got up.

"Let Yo go."

"Foolish human."

All kinds of beasts made based on the information recorded in Digital Ra popped out of the mucous membrane around them.

Then, tentacles popped out of Arman's robe and swept away the beasts at a tremendous speed.

Fermi made a ridiculous expression at the sight of sucking up the mucous membrane with Kuzen's metabolic ability.

"What is that?"

When I first saw Shirone in the arboretum, I thought I could suppress it, but now it was showing off a different dimension of power.

"Arman. Shirone's weapon base."

Lian, who said so, was also embarrassed.

Arman was different from before in both shape and ability.

Shirone, who sucked up all the mucous membrane, made another suggestion to Ra holding Yo.

"It's a waste of time to fight. Just give up now."

"I just follow the workings of nature. Even if you want something from a falling rock, the rock won't stop."

"Nature?"

Ra began to swallow Yo as he melted into mucous membrane.

"Yes, nature."

"Judge! Run away!"

At the same time, dozens of tentacles popped out of Shirone's robe and rushed towards Ra.

"It's too late. Once converted energy... Kuk!"

The moment a tentacle pierced Ra's body, Shirone's eyes widened.

Microcosm Creation Movement.

"Uh-ah-ah!"

Ra's body became translucent like a light bulb and emitted white light.

As fire entered the mucous membrane throughout the room through Ra's body, Yo shook his body and quickly escaped.

At the same time, Arman infiltrated Digital Ra's database, and Shirone's mind also fell into nothingness.

"Judge!"

Yo's voice faded away, and instead of hearing it, screams sounded clearly.

The history of Apocalypse recorded by Digital Ra flooded in.

War, famine, disaster.

A child who lost his parents, a parent who lost his child.

'Ah ah, why, why humans...'

Tears flowed from Shirone's eyes as he covered all human sins.

Is this so cruel!

"Uh-ah-ah-ah!"

Shirone, who rose up connected by tentacles, stretched his waist like a bow and screamed as a dazzling light exploded like a birth.

As the information recovery rate soared by absorbing the information of the world, an avatar with angel wings was born from Shirone's body.

"Mental transcendence prajna."

Miro swallowed his moan and muttered.

If he had reached this far based on Apocalypse's information, it would be fair to say that there was no room to pull up real information anymore.

'Stop! Please stop!'

The history of pain quickly penetrated Shirone's mind.

And finally arrived where Mucus Man was waiting alone in a white room.

"Do you see? This is why I have to exist. Humans don't need humans."

Shirone just shed tears.

There was only one fact that he realized after hearing the horrible screams that all mankind had committed.
[Translated block]


```text
'Humans......'

They must not do anything.

"You lowly humans."

Shirone slowly turned his head.

"Do you know why I did not exterminate humans, who are the most useless in terms of the ecosystem?"

Shirone could not answer.

"It is because of you, humans, who made me think that way."

He looked up at the ceiling.

"They delude themselves as superior, but in reality they are more unstable than any creature. I did not destroy humans to find the answer to that contradiction. And now......"

His gaze returned to Shirone.

"I found the answer in you. If humans are truly contradictory beings, you can also change this world."

"Change it?"

He put his hand on his chest.

"Become one. I can read the system of the world, and you have a singularity that can change the system. It is to create a new world by combining them into one."

Shirone swallowed his saliva.

He quickly recalled the despair and pain of the people he had watched through digital Ra.

"Human, I will give you another chance. You can erase all the sins and sufferings of humanity. Eternal peace will come to this land with the sacrifice of one person."

It was a huge ideal that transcended the category of individuals.

But what Shirone had to sacrifice for it was something most precious to him as an individual.

"I......"

Shirone, who had been lost in thought for a long time, opened his mouth.

"What is it?"

Miro and his party looked around.

The glowing lights weakened and the digital Ra's lens, which had been spinning explosively, regained its original speed.

"Whooosh!"

Ra breathed a sigh of relief as he confirmed that Armand's tentacles had come out.

There was no need for any further conversation from the point where they shared their thoughts through microcosm creation.

"Judge! Are you okay?"

Shirone, who smiled bitterly and grabbed Yo's hand, looked at Ra and said.

"Send us out."

Marsha asked.

"What are you talking about? You have to go with us."

"Marsha sister, Rian......"

Marsha could not approach any further when she found a transcendent sadness in Shirone's eyes.

"I'm sorry."

Shirone gave up everything in front of the hope of changing the world.

Before Rian could say anything, the mucous substance swallowed Shirone and Yo and spit them out along the wall.

Miro looked at Ra and asked.

"What did you do to Shirone?"

"Nothing. He made the best decision that a living being can make. I just gave him hope."

"Hope? What hope?"

"You don't need to know why, do you?"

The incarnation of Guanyin sprang from Miro's body.

"I'm feeling pretty awkward right now, so you'd better tell me straight. What do you know?"

Guanyin's palms spread out with digital Ra in between.

"Information is endlessly replicated and restored. Destroying me does not mean I am destroyed."

"That's something I'll think about when I get there."

Digital Ra decided that it would be better to preserve its gas for its purpose.

"I will combine Shirone's mind and my function to change the system of the world."

"Are you going to absorb him?"

"Assimilation is an appropriate expression. I will control Shirone's neural network and purify the world. It's like......"

Suddenly he stopped talking and turned his head with his eyes wide open, then looked back at the other side.

It was a mechanical and disjointed movement that seemed impossible to analyze even with quantum computing.

"......Who are you? Where did you connect from?"

Miro and his party looked around at the sudden sound, but saw nothing.

Then someone popped into Miro's head.

'Could it be?'

As she expected, Ra gave up on finding the identity of his whereabouts and stared vaguely at the front and said.
```
[Translated block]


"Why are you helping me?"

There was a long silence.

"I see. I understand."

Lara turned her head to Miro as if she had finished the conversation.

"With this, you will never be able to stop me. It would be better to give up and go back."

Miro's eyes glared fiercely.

But since that human had started interfering, there was nothing he could do here, so he clicked his tongue and turned around.

"Let's go. We don't have time for this."

Fermi tilted his head.

"Are we going back? Wouldn't it be better to get more information from Lara? It's a rare opportunity."

"Oh, right."

Miro turned back to Lara and said.

"Remember this. I'm someone who does what I say."

The avatar of Guanyin that sprang out of Miro crushed the digital Lara between his palms cruelly.

The lens of the digital Lara, which was crushed like scrap metal, shattered with a thud, and Mucus Man was absorbed like a slime falling into water.

"Let's go."

Lian, Marsha, and Fermi looked at the destroyed digital Lara with dismay, then came to their senses and followed him.

Not long after that, a bluish electric current started to run from the digital Lara's body.

-System backup. Estimated recovery time 0.000023 seconds. Completed.

The engine started again with a less quiet sound than before, and Mucus Man's figure rose above the slime.

He muttered as he watched Miro leave.

"......Anyway, humans."

Miro, who had escaped from the Fairy Biomimetics Research Institute, looked for Sirona's traces first.

But he couldn't find any traces on the ground, as if he had cast a flying spell.

He eventually gave up and turned to his companions.

"Listen up. We really don't have time now. We have to move fast too. She's the biggest variable."

Fermi asked.

"What exactly happened? Is it because Lara talked to someone?"

"I heard a report from Arius. The person who connected to Lara is probably Shura."

"Shura?"

"The immortal community of heaven, an executive of the Shiloh Society. She can infiltrate anywhere in this world if it's her."

"A coder ability user, huh? But is she so great that you're worried about her?"

Miro shook his head sharply and flipped his hair.

"Hmph, where is there such a person for me?"

Then he quickly returned to a serious expression.

"To be honest, she's not at a level to ignore. All of the Shiloh Society are composed of Prajna and Yacha, and especially the first rank is Amita."

Prajna and Yacha are just criteria for determining one's state, and depending on how one uses them, the actual combat power can be worlds apart.

Nevertheless, the reason why Miro didn't mention it was because all of the executives of the Shiloh Society were those who used the best skills in their state.

Lian asked.

"Is this Shura person that first rank Amita?"

"No. I don't know the exact rank either, but judging by her appearance, she's either a middle or lower rank in the Shiloh Society. It's just that this is the world of under coders, so it's tricky."

Marsha asked.

"Why?"

"Because she's a jurist. It's the best profession group to block attacks from avatars. If she's an executive of the Shiloh Society, you can think of her as a jurist who has reached the highest state among humans."

"That's quite a catch."

If one can use the best law in reality, one can show almost divine abilities in under coders.

"She probably chose Shura from the Shiloh Society to stop me, but that's not the only reason. The Shiloh Society is also paying attention to Sirona like Teraze. The apocalypse world is like a laboratory for Shura."

"Because she can analyze everything that happens here with code."

Marsha said.

"If she can infiltrate anywhere in this world, how do we find Shura?"

Miro shook his head.

"No, we don't need to find Shura. She'll probably be in the flock. She'll take Sirona with her through the Children of the Sun."
[Translated block]


```
"How can you be sure of that?"

"Shura has the incarnation of a snake. That's why people who know her call her this."

Miro said, recalling Shura's face.

"The god of false doctrine."
```
[Translated block]