


```
[707] 10,000 Worlds (1)

The North Carta that occurred in the southern Arcad desert passed through the central desert and disappeared at the entrance of the northern desert.

The desert wave swept away all traces of life, and the desert was hotter than ever under the blazing sun.

"Shirone, water. Give me some water."

Shirone's party was walking through the vast wasteland with sand stuck all over them.

"Again?"

Shirone cast a magic spell to fill the water bottle with water and Kido gulped it down.

"I don't know. Is it because it's made by magic? I can't quench my thirst."

After drinking a liter of water, Kido's protruding belly became even more bloated.

"By the way, how long do we have to walk? We sent Latuza two hours ago. Didn't you say we were almost there?"

The power of North Carta was so great that even Kaidra couldn't fly when they came out of the desert wave.

"We're going in the right direction. Just hang in there. Once we see it, we'll go by magic."

Lian looked back at the way they had come at regular intervals.

"There's still no pursuit. Did they all die?"

They were in such a state that even Kaidra was exhausted, so there was no way that those who had chased them on Omek were safe.

"We can't let our guard down."

But what worried him was that the woman, who was the leader of the Maga Thieves and an executive of the Tenro Society, had a power that surpassed his imagination.

"She must have broken through North Carta. We don't have time to waste. Let's walk faster."

"Shirone, I'm bored."

After walking for another hour, Shirone's party found a wall on the horizon.

As befitting a famous tourist spot, people were gathering there.

"That's Andreguna."

Shirone cast an air-based magic spell and flew with Kido and Lian in the air.

When they arrived at the main gate of the wall, there was a ticket booth set up.

"Welcome! This is Labyrinth Andrey! We welcome adventurers who have come for an experience more valuable than life!"

The staff was wearing Middle Eastern-style clothes, but spoke in Continental Common after checking Shirone's skin color.

"This is where......."

The world's third-largest labyrinth where La Enemy is presumed to be.

"You came at a very good timing! Due to the influence of North Carta, admission fee is half price for a week! Don't miss this opportunity!"

"......"

He lost his mind for a moment as he stood in front of the bright voice that relaxed his tension, and the people who arrived behind him urged him.

"Hey, hurry up. It's so hot I'm dying."

Pushed by their voices, Shirone looked back at Lian and Kido and said to the ticket booth.

"Uh... two adults and one goblin."

"Hmm? Goblin?"

The staff smiled with his eyes and looked at the goblin.

"There's no set price for goblins. Is he under six years old? Infants are free."

When Shirone looked back, Kido frowned as if he was displeased.

"Yes, he's under six years old."

Kido's eyes widened.

"Okay. Then it's four gold for two adults."

It was quite expensive even though it was half price, as befitting a world-class tourist spot.

"Thank you! Have a good time!"

As they crossed the gate, there were many shops along the well-polished road, and even fountains were installed despite being in the desert.

Also, as it was specially managed by the empire, restaurants, bars, lodgings, casinos, souvenir shops and everything else were all luxurious.

"There are more people than I expected. I thought it would be off-season because of North Carta."

"It must be more crowded than usual."

Many nobles were walking around with their families, and some of them looked quite strong.

'Ordinary tourists or adventurers.'

Kido ran to a souvenir shop and looked around at the items on the stall.

"Kido, we don't have time to buy that now."

We don't know when Maga Thieves will arrive.

"Shirone, look at this for a moment."

When Shirone and Lian approached, Kido showed them a three-dimensional model of Andrey.
```
[Translated block]


"Hmm, so this is what it looks like."

It was a structure where large caves were connected in a row, and through the transparent ceiling of the three-dimensional model, many circular doors were visible.

"It doesn't look like 19,000 to me no matter how I look at it."

The number of doors that could be implemented as miniatures was only a few hundred at best, but that alone was quite distinctive.

"Let's go see for ourselves. Let's go."

Kido, who seemed to have some regrets, fiddled with Andre's three-dimensional model and put it back on the stand.

"Andre will open at 2 p.m. Those who want to visit, please wait in line."

Following the guide's words, Shiroe and his party also squeezed into the gap between people and waited for their turn.

"What is this? We came here to find La Enemy, right?"

The peaceful feeling was not bad, but Lian was wary of his sharp mind being blurred.

"There probably isn't La Enemy here."

Shiroe's words made Lian and Kido turn their heads at the same time.

"There isn't? Then why are we here?"

"Because this is the only way to meet La Enemy."

Shiroe said what he had thought so far.

"What I felt while taking the test of the Ivory Tower was that finding La Enemy was different from finding a lost item."

"Because they manipulate the events?"

"Right. I'm not looking for La. La makes me look for it. The subject and object are reversed."

Shiroe raised his index finger.

"So when you say I'll be where you're looking for me, it doesn't mean La is waiting where I'm going. It means I have to find where La is."

"A kind of hint."

"So I thought about it. Where am I looking for La? There is only one conclusion. Everywhere is La."

Lian looked back at Andre's entrance.

"The prison of space-time. The ruins of Geofin."

"Right. The 19,000 worlds that Geofin locked up in each prison. If we break the seal of all these worlds, this place will be mixed with space-time again......"

"Then we can meet the real La Enemy."

Shiroe nodded his head.

"I'm not sure until I see Andre for myself......"

Then Andre's entrance opened.

"Please enter. The viewing time is until 4 p.m."

The cave was quite spacious, and the long line quickly shortened, and Shiroe's party crossed Andre's threshold feeling a cool chill that was unlike the desert.

"Wow......"

Kido opened his mouth with a blank expression at the pressure of the real thing that was different from the three-dimensional model.

On the walls, ceilings, floors, and everywhere in the cave, there were countless circular steel doors that looked like snow.

In the center of the steel door was a circular panel that was lit even though there was no power source.

Shiroe read the number 3256 on the panel.

Looking around, there were different numbers on each steel door. It was probably 19000 at the end.

"According to legend......"

The guide began to explain.

"There were countless worlds overlapping in this cave. But one day, a great magician appeared and classified them into 19,000 worlds and sealed them in each door."

One of the tourists pointed to a door and asked.

"So if you open this door and go in, you'll see a completely different world? Can we go in now?"

The guide smiled but his face turned slightly red.

"Of course there are different worlds. But no one has ever come back from opening this door and going in."

"That's a lie. How do you know there are new worlds if no one has ever come out? Right, everyone?"

The people were annoyed by the interference with their viewing, and the more they did, the more he pushed his way.

"Why don't you open it and see? We'll check it out. You just don't have to go in, right?"
[Translated block]
"Rian and Kido, you two should stay here and guard the entrance. I don't want anyone to interrupt me while I'm working on the seal. And don't worry about me, I'll be fine."

Siroine said confidently, as she walked towards the door that led to Andre.

"Are you sure, Siroine? This is a dangerous mission. You don't have to do this alone." Rian said, his voice full of concern.

"I'm sure, Rian. This is something only I can do. And I have to do it fast, before the Empire finds out about this place. Trust me, okay?"

Siroine smiled at him, then turned to Kido.

"Kido, you're the only one who can access my memories through my blood. If something goes wrong, or if I don't come back in seven days, you have to tell the others what happened here. And what I learned about Gepin and Hexa."

Kido nodded solemnly, adjusting his glasses.

"I understand, Siroine. But I hope it doesn't come to that. I hope you can come back safely, with all your memories intact."

Siroine nodded back, then touched the door.

"Here goes nothing. Wish me luck."

She pushed the door open, and stepped into the unknown.

The door closed behind her, leaving Rian and Kido alone in the hall.

They looked at each other, then sat down on the floor.

They waited for Siroine's return, hoping for the best.
[Translated block]
As Ryan was speaking, there was a loud bang outside the cave, followed by screams of people.

"What's going on?"

As the tourists looked anxious, a guard shouted from the entrance of the cave.

"Everyone evacuate! The bandits have attacked!"

Kido asked with shocked eyes.

"What? Bandits?"

It was much faster than expected.
[Translated block]