


[344] The Protagonist of Life (4)

The tourists who regained their human appearance as the law was released were startled by their naked bodies. There was a commotion. The women screamed and covered their bodies, and the men looked for a place to hide. Shiro and his party asked for help from the people outside the wall and managed to evacuate everyone to the inn.

Shiro sat on the railing of the cafe terrace and looked at the tourists who were crowded in every building.

Some people said they would sue the tourism bureau, while others shouted loudly to call the manager.

They also met the existence of heaven. He couldn't predict what kind of ripple effect today's incident would cause.

Shiro looked at Kang Nan. She was also facing the tourists, but she had a face that was thinking of something else in her head.

"What do we do now? Do you want to convince them?"

"Do we need to?"

"Huh?"

"We don't have to worry about trivial things. People will come from the association. They'll take care of it."

"But it will be hard to clean up as time goes by. What if the rumors spread?"

"Just announce it as if the myth of the Ice Queen was real. It's a way of contaminating information, whether they believe it or not. But it doesn't matter if you tell the truth. Anyway, it's not a level that ordinary people can do anything about, even if they know."

Kang Nan had experienced this situation often. It seemed as if a great chaos would occur if information about heaven spread to the world, but he could say for sure that nothing would happen.

People would still worry about what to eat today, lose sleep over a big deal tomorrow, and worry about how to raise their growing children.

Kang Nan looked at Jokre and his party. They stuck by his side without any special instructions and didn't leave.

They knew too. That it was not a situation they could handle.

But it was annoying for Kang Nan.

"Your fate will also be decided by the association. So don't follow me and go away. You can run away if you want."

Jokre and his party bowed their heads sullenly.

They knew what it meant to make an enemy of the Magic Association. Even if they went to prison, they would not lose their magician's license as long as they belonged to the Red Line. But as soon as they ran away, the only place they could belong to was the Black Line. They had no wit to survive in the world of madmen.

"Yes. I'm sorry. We'll confess when the association people come."

Amy silently watched Jokre and his party move away. Their lives that they could share were over here. No matter what happens, they have to live, and they have to live fiercely to become the protagonist in their own lives.

When some follow-up measures were finished, Kang Nan prepared to leave. Before he spoke, he stared at Shiro.

He looked much younger than expected after releasing his diamond armor. Of course, he wasn't foolish enough to judge his opponent by his appearance.

But he thought it might be a headache when he entered the association.

Gauld's proposal was shocking.

"Shiro. We have to leave now. I'll wait for you in the carriage, so hurry up and follow me."

"Yes. I'll be right there."

Shiro was going to follow Kang Nan to the Magic Association. He also contributed to the fact that he didn't have many opportunities to meet Gauld, but he was curious about Miro's situation.

'I'll be able to see Rian when I go to the capital. And Tess.'

Shiro put on his backpack and approached Amy.

"I'm sorry. It turned out like this."

He had no face to see Amy. He wanted to enjoy his vacation properly this time, but he put her in danger again.

"I'm telling you clearly, I'm not going on a trip with you again."

"Haha! I'm really sorry. I don't know what to say."

Amy smiled and shook her head.

"Thank you, Shiro. Thanks to you, I gained confidence. I think I can work hard again."
[Translated block]


Shirone felt it too. It was not only his skill that subdued Jokre's group, but Inferno of Superheat was a magic that was hard to implement at the same age as Amy.

He had realized something during the battle, but he didn't ask about it. There are a hundred realizations for a hundred people, and Amy's style was something that no one could imitate. Someday he would hear about it while chatting.

"I'll contact you when I get back. And Dante, thanks for listening to me. Take good care of Amy."

Dante shrugged his shoulders. He ended up escorting his rival's girlfriend, but it wasn't a loss. Whether it was heaven or the space-time of the maze, Shirone and Amy seemed to have some idea. He had plenty of time on the way to ask about heaven.

"Whatever it is, just come back safely."

"Yeah. See you at school."

As Shirone left, Dante and Amy turned their steps. On the way to the exit, Dante pointed to a cafe and asked.

"Want a cup of coffee before we go? Of course, you're paying for it."

"Where are you going to stick to! You pay! You have a lot of money!"

"Oh, come on. I'm escorting you all the way home, so coffee is... Huh?"

Dante felt a presence and looked back. Lilia was standing there with a big backpack as she had seen her for the first time.

She had sealed the lawgiver, so she had to go back to the Akeanis sect and report. She probably wouldn't see Dante again after today. Magicians and mages are like sun and moon, they have different paths from the beginning.

But Lilia had regrets left. If she hadn't met Dante, this mission would have been likely to fail. It was hard to imagine a wandering mage sharing feelings with someone, but she relied on him in many ways and couldn't cut off her heart with a knife.

"I'll buy you coffee."

"Hmm."

Dante read Lilia's affection from her eyes. She was really a woman who couldn't hide her emotions. He wasn't one to enjoy dating, but he wasn't one to reject women who came either, so Dante hugged her shoulder and pointed somewhere.

"Okay. Forget coffee. How about we go somewhere quiet?"

Lilia's face flushed as she looked at where Dante was pointing. There was a sign that said inn.

Lilia, who didn't know the world, couldn't help but be shocked by the instant love style.

"Wha, what... are you... talking about..."

"Haha! No need to be shy. We're old enough to know everything anyway. Let's not waste time."

Lilia groaned. She could tolerate his self-centered personality, but his womanizing was unacceptable.

"You're such a playboy! Let go of me!"

Lilia shook him off and Dante obediently backed off.

"Playboy? What did we do to be called that?"

"Forget it! I must have gone crazy! I don't need anything, I'm going back to the sect!"

Dante chuckled. If their fate ended here, he had no reason to hold her back.

"Okay. Be careful."

'Heartless kid...'

As Dante really let her go, Lilia felt sorry. But she didn't look back until the end. She felt like she couldn't turn back if she turned her head here.

"Write me a letter if something interesting happens!"

Lilia blinked at Dante's voice from afar and then burst into laughter.

Airhain Dante. 18 years old.

Torumia Kingdom's second-ranked aspiring magician.

'Huhu. I'll remember that.'

Leaving Lilia walking towards the horizon with a bright expression, Dante and Amy headed for the exit again.

They wanted to get out of the castle that they were sick of seeing, but Jokre's group was waiting for them at the gatehouse.

They had a confident face. They couldn't completely hide their fear, but they didn't want to show their weakness.

Vivian approached Amy.

"I'm sorry."

Amy waved her hand. This incident was not a kids' prank. They were arrested and that was enough to balance the situation.
[Translated block]


```text
"It's okay. You and I fought for our beliefs. It's not something you need to apologize for just because you lost."

"No. I mean, you saved me at the end. If I had died then, there would have been no next time."

"Well, that's..."

Amy turned her head awkwardly. It wasn't just for Vivian that she acted. It was for the sake of succeeding in the Jade King's Eightfold Array, and the last thing she shouted was what she wanted to say to herself.

"I don't know why you said that to me, but do your best. Become a magician in the next graduation exam. You have enough qualifications to be the protagonist."

Amy choked up. She knew it was a cruel thought, but the words from the loser's mouth gave her more confidence than any consolation she had ever heard.

Vivian shrugged weakly and went back to her friends. Amy, who had been watching the miserable loser's words, opened her mouth.

"Hey."

When Vivian turned around, Amy loosened one shoulder strap of her bag and rummaged through her luggage as she approached.

"Here. This. You take it."

In Amy's hand was a doll of the Ice Queen that she had received as a prize from the mini game room. Vivian, who took it with trembling hands, stared at the Ice Queen for a long time. The face of the Ice Queen, who had wrapped her in her lonely life that no one paid attention to, smiled brightly like a child.

"Sniff. Sob."

Vivian burst into tears and hugged the Ice Queen to her chest. Jokele came over and comforted her back. And after looking at Amy for a moment, he took Vivian away.

Amy watched them go for a long time. They would fight to the end in their own lives. And maybe someday they would also have a day when they could become protagonists?

'Yeah. It's just one elimination. If this is my life, I'll fight and win as much as I can.'

Amy clenched her fist and turned around. Her steps toward Dante were different from yesterday, without hesitation.

Divine Transcendence (1)

Kaizen Swordsmanship School in Bashuka Capital.

Kuan, a current official 6th grade swordsman and a former death magician before injuring his Achilles tendon, was fighting a nightmare from his past that he could never return to.

Kuan, who was born in a military family, lost all his family on the battlefield when he was six years old. His uncle took him in but took his property and sent him to a foreign swordsmanship school.

But he didn't blame anyone.

He had genius enough to become an official 6th grade swordsman at the age of 20, even though he had nowhere to rely on.

The nightmare began with an incident 10 years ago.

He was 21 years old, and he was appointed as the second platoon leader of the search battalion to catch Cointra, the founder of the Dark Sect.

The soldiers did not welcome Kuan. It was natural that a 21-year-old kid came to transfer to a veteran unit with an average age of 38.

Kuan didn't care either. To him, soldiers were just consumables needed to win wars.

He didn't even have time to greet the soldiers and went into the Ghost Forest with his troops as soon as he took office.

So far, many search units have entered, but all of them have lost contact without exception.

The previous platoon leader returned to his home country on sick leave because he was scared, and Kuan was urgently deployed.

But Kuan was confident.

Even if there were really ghosts in the forest, there was nothing in the world that could not be cut by his sword.

'Catch it for me. The ghost.'

The first day passed safely.

But things went wrong when the second platoon finished their camp and were preparing at dawn.

"Raid! It's a raid!"

The sentry's scream ended once and disappeared. Kuan realized that they had already broken through and went out of the barracks with his sword.

The other soldiers were also armed with their own weapons and wary of the enemy coming from outside in the dawn twilight.

A strong wind blew. No, there was no actual wind. It just rang in everyone's ears. Kuan reflexively cut through the darkness, but there was nothing on his blade.
```
[Translated block]