
But more than anything, she was grateful. Grateful that he risked his life for her, a stranger he barely knew. She wanted to say something, anything, to express her gratitude, but she couldn't find the words.

"Thank you," she finally whispered, hoping he could hear her.

He turned his head slightly and gave her a faint smile.

"Don't mention it. I'm just doing my job."

His voice was calm and composed, as if he was used to this kind of situation. He didn't seem scared or nervous at all.

She wondered how he became a magic association employee at such a young age. What kind of magic did he use? What was his name? Where did he come from?

She wanted to ask him all these questions, but she knew it was not the time. They were still in danger, surrounded by terrorists who could kill them at any moment.

She looked at the other hostages, who were mostly civilians. They looked terrified and hopeless, some of them crying or praying silently.

She felt sorry for them, but she also felt a surge of anger towards the terrorists. How could they do this? How could they take innocent lives for their so-called revolution?

She wished someone would come and save them. She wished the magic association would send reinforcements. She wished this nightmare would end soon.

But she also knew that wishing was not enough. She had to do something, anything, to help herself and the others.

She glanced at the iron box that the terrorists had taken from him. She remembered that he said it was an item from the alchemy guild. She wondered what it was and what it could do.

She decided to take a risk and ask him quietly.

"Hey, what's in that box?"
[Translated block]


```text
"You, were you a wizard?"

Shirone did not look back and held a bitter smile. Even if he was a wizard, he couldn't enter the spirit zone because the magic control device was operating inside the Gold Tower.

'I didn't expect the magic control device to be on. Well, it's natural for a foreign exchange bank. But how did these people infiltrate?'

Shirone glanced at the huge hole in the floor of the Gold Tower. It seemed like they had dug a tunnel to get in. It must have been a work that took several months, so it was not an accidental crime.

'This might be dangerous.'

While Shirone was lost in thought, a terrorist with a mallet approached him. He was wearing a robe, but he couldn't hide his imposing physique.

"Kukuku, I hate the Magic Association guys the most in the world. How should I do this?"

It was a low-pitched voice that defied common sense. No matter how clear the pronunciation was, it felt dull.

The terrorist crouched down and grabbed Shirone's chin with his huge hand. It was rough skin like wood.

He turned Shirone's face left and right, then came up with a good idea and pulled out a dagger from his chest.

"Yeah, this would be fun. Hey, girl."

Aria looked at the terrorist with an anxious look. She didn't know why, but it was definitely not because he wanted her to go home and study hard.

The terrorist swung his huge hand and swung the dagger nimbly. Then he caught the blade with his finger and handed out the handle part.

"You must be very grateful to me for saving your life. Aren't you?"

"Yes, I am."

"Then give me a stab as a reward. The thigh would be nice."

A shock of emotion rose in the girl's eyes. Her face turned pale and her chin trembled.

"What? How can you do that......"

It was scary enough to stab someone, but it was impossible to hurt someone who had become a hostage to save her.

The terrorist with a double axe came closer with interest.

"Kyakyakya! That would be nice. Hey, hurry up! Or I'll kill you first!"

It was a voice that sounded both high-pitched and low-pitched at the same time.

Startled by the word kill, Aria took the dagger for now. But she couldn't stab Shirone's thigh.

"Hoo? The Magic Association staff are different indeed. Even in this situation, they don't change their expression at all."

Shirone stared straight ahead calmly.

There was no point in showing any reaction here. It would only please the terrorists. Of course, it would hurt if he got stabbed, but that was still a future event that hadn't happened yet.

Aria looked up at Shirone as the agent spoke. He still had an indifferent expression on his face, but he said something that relieved her guilt.

"I'm fine. Protect yourself."

The agent with the mallet couldn't stand it and snorted.

"Hurry up! Stab him! Before I smash your head!"

As the mallet swung into the air, Aria burst into tears and reached out her hand to Shirone's thigh.

"Sorry... I'm sorry."

The dagger held upside down trembled. She couldn't even imagine what it would feel like to pierce flesh with a sharp metal piece.

Aria sobbed and pressed the tip of the dagger against Shirone's thigh.

Until then, Shirone's expression did not change. They wouldn't kill him anyway. He was their most precious hostage.

"You are surrounded! You are surrounded! Release the hostages immediately and raise your white flag! We will wipe you out if you disobey our orders!"

The terrorists' heads turned to the window at once. The Torumia Terror Suppression Squad had set up barricades and surrounded the Gold Tower.

It was a situation where all units were mobilized: prosecutors' emergency response team, wizards' special suppression team, alchemists' explosive disposal team, and gunners' sniper squad.

The opportunity to make fun of the despicable Magic Association bastard flew away, and the terrorist with the mallet spat out a curse. It was so low-pitched that it was incomprehensible. Or maybe it wasn't even human language.
```
[Translated block]
"Really? What is it?" The captain asked, his eyes widening with curiosity.

"Well, you see that guy over there?" Flue pointed at Shirone, who was still held hostage by the terrorist. "He's not just a regular citizen. He's a powerful alchemist who can manipulate matter with his mind."

"An alchemist? And how do you know that?" The captain asked, skeptical.

"Because I've seen him do it. He's actually my partner. We work for the Alchemy Trading Company. He was supposed to meet me here, but he got caught up in this mess." Flue lied, hoping the captain would buy her story.

"Your partner? Then why didn't you say so earlier?" The captain asked, frowning.

"I... I didn't want to cause any trouble. I thought you had everything under control. But now I see that you need my help." Flue said, trying to sound sincere.

"Your help? What can you do?" The captain asked, impatient.

"I can communicate with him. He has a special device that lets him hear my voice. If I tell him what to do, he can use his alchemy to take out the terrorists from the inside." Flue said, confident.

"Really? And how do we know you're not lying? How do we know you're not working with them?" The captain asked, suspicious.

"Trust me, I'm not. You can check my identity later. Right now, we don't have much time. They said they would kill one hostage every 10 minutes, remember?" Flue said, urgent.

The captain looked at his watch. It was almost time for the first execution.

"Fine. I'll give you a chance. But if you try anything funny, I'll shoot you myself." The captain said, warning.

"Thank you, captain. You won't regret this." Flue said, grateful.

She took out her phone and dialed Shirone's number. She hoped he would pick up and play along with her plan.

"Hey, Shirone. It's me, Flue. Can you hear me?" She said, softly.

Shirone heard her voice in his earpiece and felt a surge of relief and anger.

'Flue? What are you doing here? And why are you calling me Shirone? You know I hate that name.' He thought, annoyed.

He decided to answer her anyway.

"Yeah, I can hear you. What do you want?" He said, coldly.

Flue smiled and winked at the captain.

"See? He can hear me. Now listen carefully, Shirone. I have a way to get us out of here. But you have to do exactly what I say." She said, serious.

Shirone rolled his eyes and sighed.

'Here we go again.' He thought, resigned.

He had a bad feeling about this.
[Translated block]