


[498] Despair. Despair (1)

Life is pain.

Gaold said that.

"Uncle."

It was when Gaold, who had returned to Thormia, was struggling to raise his rank in the association.

A 16-year-old girl, Gangnan, who was walking in the garden of the association, picked a red flower that grew next to the railing and showed it to Gaold.

"Isn't this pretty?"

It was a gorgeous flower that could not be seen even in the desert where not even a blade of grass grew, let alone her hometown in the south.

Gaold looked at the flower with an indifferent eye.

His magic skills were among the strongest of his age group, but politics was another area that required talent.

He was becoming tired of the power struggle within the association and was indifferent to everything.

Gangnan also understood Gaold, so she didn't wait for an answer and held the petals in front of her eyes and said.

"What I like most about Thormia is that there are many beautiful flowers. What is this flower called?"

"Pain."

Gangnan lifted her eyes toward Gaold.

"Pain? The name of this flower?"

"I don't know its name either. But whatever its name is, it's pain."

Gaold approached with big strides and looked down at Gangnan.

He had been irritable lately, but today he was especially cold and scary.

"But this flower is beautiful."

Gaold snatched the flower that Gangnan was holding.

"Gangnan, all living things can only feel the world through pain. Pleasure is also nothing but a way of accepting pain."

"Uncle, you seem to be having a hard time lately. You should take a break."

Gangnan expressed her sadness in a roundabout way.

Of course, she knew better than anyone how much pain Gaold had to endure in this world.

But she didn't want to see him like this, who had never shown his unhappiness even once.

Gaold cast a spell and cut off the end of the place where the flower was broken.

"The reason why flowers are beautiful is to pass on their descendants, but they never know who their mate is from birth to wilting. They can't even see what their children look like. Gangnan, life is pain. The five senses that make us up, and the nerves that flow under our skin are nothing but functions created to accept the pain of life."

"Life is... pain."

She didn't like his way of thinking, but Gangnan thought that maybe Gaold's words were true.

It's just a matter of degree, but the world that one being accepts is full of pain.

Sensation 100 million times-Air Press.

Puck!

All the fallen angels surrounding Gaold disappeared as if they had evaporated, leaving only a few drops of liquid behind.

It felt as if the sky and the ground had collided.

The only one who stood upright while maintaining his shape within Gaold's radius was Archangel Uriel.

Uriel's halo spread out into a ring with a diameter of 100 meters and rotated menacingly.

He didn't show any signs of shaking from the shock, but just looking at how fast his mind was accelerating, he could tell how powerful Gaold was.

'Is this really human power?'

If he had to name a human who transcended humanity, Uriel would only name Miro, but Gaold's extreme skill also seemed to have surpassed the category of human.

"Kraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaak!"

But that wasn't something Gaold had originally had.

The aftermath of 20 years of hatred exploding at once was truly tremendous.

All he felt was pain.

Gaold shook his body with his eyes wide open and screamed out of his mind, and eventually his lower jaw fell off and he started spitting out sound only through his throat.

"Kraaaaaaaaaaa! Kraaaaaaaaaaa!"

Gaold ran like crazy.

He ran in the direction given by instinct, unconsciousness, and headed for Gangnan.

Puck!

The second air press unfolded and the fallen angels and maras disappeared at the same time as before.
[Translated block]


```
"Kreeee! Kreeee!"

Life is pain.

The agony that Gaold felt was a hundred million times more than what he felt. Just by existing, he transmitted all the information in the world as pain.

Human beings made of flesh and blood were too shocked to bear it, and blood tears flowed from Gaold's eyes as he lifted his head toward the sky.

As if the soul trapped in the flesh wanted to escape the miserable prison of the creature.

That's how Gaold was writhing in the shackles of pain bestowed on the creature.

* * *

The Kingdom of Tormia.

Isabel, a certified third-class grand mage and former magic association library manager, was hospitalized in a private hospital 1 kilometer away from the capital Bashka's magic association.

She was a competent scholar and mage recognized by the world, but she was caught up in a political conspiracy within the association for sympathizing with Gaold and tortured for 48 hours.

The torturer Sakiri kept his promise and did not use the 'Voice of Truth', which was against the rules.

But his hands were so cruel that they felt more than emotionless, but malicious, and Isabel painted all the given time with the color of pain without feeling a second of comfort.

As a result, Isabel endured 48 hours and gave Gaold's team time to go to heaven.

She had been unconscious for over a month and depended on life support devices to extend her life. She opened her eyes yesterday morning.

The healing mages and surgeons checked her condition and asked various questions, but her mouth did not open until today.

She just blinked indifferently and looked up at the ceiling decorated with white wallpaper.

Knock knock.

Even when someone knocked on the ward, her gaze did not turn.

But as soon as she heard the voice of the man who came in, her pupils shook and her head slowly moved.

"Are you okay? I heard you woke up yesterday morning."

Sakiri, a certified fifth-class mage of the Magic Association who had tortured Isabel for 48 hours, came in with a calm expression.

As she remembered what happened then, Isabel's heart rate began to increase exponentially.

But soon the shaking of her pupils subsided, and her expression also became somewhat stable.

He was a man she never wanted to see again in her life.

But Isabel did not stop Sakiri from approaching.

What she wanted to get by giving up her body was the answer to her long-standing question about Gaold.

"What happened?"

Sakiri pulled a chair next to Isabel's bed and slowly sat down and asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Did Gaold... go to heaven?"

"He did. But he hasn't come back yet. Maybe he'll never come back."

Sakiri sighed deeply and looked at Isabel, who was lost in thought, and continued.

"The association sent Cage B team, but they are also out of contact. The situation is getting complicated."

Sakiri's words did not reach Isabel.

That wasn't what she really wanted to know.

"...Did he transcend?"

Sakiri did not answer.

"Gaold..."

She clenched her right fist and shivered with shame and misery.

In the midst of all kinds of torture, Isabel cursed being born as a creature thousands of times.

She broke down.

The feeling of falling endlessly toward something less than human.

She felt like she could do anything vile, shameful, dirty, and monstrous if only this pain could stop.

That was the fate of the creature.

The karma of humans who can only be dominated by pain.

'But how... Gaold, how...'

Isabel lifted her arm clenched in a fist and covered her eyes. Tears streamed down between her eyelids.

"Gaold..."

Isabel cried out loud.

"Did he really transcend! Pain, human shackles, creature's fate!"

If life is pain, being born is a curse.
```
[Translated block]


```
But if it was Gaold, maybe he could overcome that curse and become something truly liberated from pain?

Then Isabel could endure.

She could overcome the hatred of humans that was embedded in her brain regardless of her will and live again.

Sakiri answered honestly, with the experience of a torturer who tortured countless people.

"I don't know. You can forget the pain. But overcoming it is impossible at the level of living things."

He turned his head to the window and continued his words, looking at a place farther than the sky.

"But if there is a possible case, it would be Gaold alone in this world."

* * *

Puck!

The third air press was cast, and the number of fallen angels and Mara was reduced by about half of the original.

Now the enemies also began to realize the overwhelming momentum that they could only disappear as soon as they approached.

"Uaaaaaaah!"

Gaold, who had become a mere incarnation of pain without direction or purpose, forgot even the existence of Gangnan tied to the wall and went crazy as he pleased.

His lower jaw came out and he flailed his arms, spilling blood tears. Gaold's appearance was like a demon.

"Mister... Mister..."

Gangnan was terrified like a girl who had sent Gaold to hell ten years ago.

Life is not pain.

Gaold's true face was not like that.

"Then why do we exist?"

As Gaold walked to the flower bed and threw another question, Gangnan put aside her thoughts on pain and refreshed her mind.

"It's strange indeed. Humans experience pain from birth and feel it until they die. Then is life nothing but a baby with a curse of the universe?"

While Gangnan pondered an answer, Gaold walked to the flower bed, dug up the soil, and planted flowers again.

"Can they survive without roots?"

"Maybe they'll grow roots again. Of course, after a very painful process."

Gaold looked back at Gangnan who came to the flower bed.

"But Gangnan, that's what life is. Because you were born, you bloom flowers in pain."

Gaold looked at the flowers fighting for life with a warm smile and turned his head to Gangnan.

"That's why life is the most beautiful flower in the world. Our lives are beautiful like this flower."

Gangnan saw it for the first time.

Gaold's face, which was so kind and beautiful, smiling, was his true self before he became a madman.

"Kraaaaaa! Kraaaaaa!"

Gaold screamed.

His tongue was pulled out and his face twisted like a demon. There seemed to be nothing but pain in his face.

Gangnan watched Gaold writhing in pain and closed her eyes tightly and burst into tears.

"Uaaaaa...! Aaaaaa...!"

Gaold, who had to live with a disease that might be a curse from God, maybe an autophagic mutation.

But he said life was beautiful.

The man she loved most in the world, who was more beautiful than anything else, was collapsing.

'Let go! Please let go!'

Gangnan struggled to get out of the <Self-Devouring> that bound her hands.

"Let go! Let go!"

She shook her arms without caring if they broke, but there was no shock because of the absorption of power.

'I can't let him go like this!'

She had to go down even if her body was smashed. She had to jump off the wall and meet Gaold.

"Keeeeee! Keeeeee!"

Every time Gaold screamed in pain, Gangnan's heart tore into thousands of pieces.

"Mister! I'm coming! Just wait a little!"

Gangnan cried out and writhed more, but <Self-Devouring> didn't think of opening at all.

In the sense of powerlessness that her life collapsed completely, she hung on handcuffs and spat out miserable screams.
```
[Translated block]


"Aaaaah! Aaaaah!"

The feeling of having to watch the pain of a loved one is an infinite agony that cannot be expressed by the word torture.

Kang Nan finally understood Jullu's words.

"Uaaaah! Uaaaah!"

The human heart is hell.
[Translated block]