

[Translated block]


"The reason I called you is because I couldn't decide what punishment to give you. I was going to execute you, but that didn't seem to satisfy my resentment. So at first I thought of making you blind by gouging out your eyes or making you mute by pulling out your tongue."

Vincent's face turned red. If they did that, he would run away with Olina even if he had to bury his bones here.

"But that wasn't enough either. So I thought about it and came up with an idea. It was a perfect punishment. That is..."

Everyone swallowed their saliva and waited for the next word. Eliza looked at their reactions with sleepy eyes and continued.

"Just let you go."

"......What?"

Amy asked without knowing it. The others were also puzzled.

"If I kill you, Shirone will only look at you for the rest of his life. That bothered me. So I decided to let you go. You and your biological mother, the queen of Ilguk, live a life of weighing each other. Until you die, envy me and be jealous."

Everyone lost their words. It was a bizarre way of thinking, regardless of the severity of the punishment.

Eliza, who had been emitting a fierce murderous intent, quickly made a frustrated expression and rummaged through her bosom.

"But just in case, there's no way it would happen, but I thought I'd have to give this to you if you convinced me. And... you won."

A crumpled paper left Eliza's hand and rolled on the floor.

Olina picked it up and slowly unfolded it. It was an official document with the results of the paternity test between Orkamp and Shirone. She was the one who taught Shirone how to read, so she could read most of it except for difficult terms.

She quickly skipped the complicated experimental details and turned her eyes to the most important result. Everyone's eyes turned to the document with unbearable frustration.

&nbsp;After dissolving the blood samples of clients 1 and 2 in oxstamine and storing them in a vacuum state for 3 days, no changes in color, concentration, or sediment were found. Therefore, based on the negative reaction of oxstamine, clients 1 (Orkamp) and 2 (Shirone) are not biologically related as father and son.

"Oh my god......"

Orkamp and Shirone were not father and son. They were biologically perfect strangers.

Amy looked at Orkamp. She finally realized why he had been gloomy since earlier.

"How can this be?"

"I don't know either. I don't need to know either. The possibility of being manipulated is 0 percent, so you can rest assured. Anyway, he's not my son, so take the document with you. I don't know if you'll need it."

Eliza added.

"Shirone doesn't know yet. It's up to you whether to tell him the truth or not. Considering the rudeness two days ago, I want to stay as Shirone's biological mother forever, but I'll forgive you this time thinking that you did what I had to do."

Olina lowered her head in surprise.

Maybe it was a mistake, but for a moment it seemed like Eliza smiled.

"Please go back. Shirone is your son."

* * *

The basement 3rd floor of Kazra Castle was an underground prison where many political prisoners were dragged in when the internal affairs were chaotic at that time. They haven't seen the sun for decades and never will.

Some nobles married the humans who tortured them. Gender didn't matter. It was a love that transcended the barriers of sex, and a pure union between living beings. At least in their minds.

What could be wrong? To them, the end of the world was nothing but the wall of an underground prison. And this place was another society completely isolated from human society.

Uorin walked on the dirt floor full of pus smell. Numerous underground creatures parted left and right as she moved her steps. It was their daily food for the isolated ones.

"Oooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

Strange noises leaked out of every door installed on the wall. It sounded like pain or pleasure. It sounded like crying, but somehow it seemed like they were laughing.

Kazra Kingdom has been neglecting this place for five years.
[Translated block]
"Because you are my son, and I still have some use for you." Sydney said coldly, tightening her grip on Zion's throat. "But don't think that means you can defy me. You are nothing but a tool for my revenge. And if you ever try to escape or harm me, I will not hesitate to kill you."

She released him and threw him back into the cell. She locked the door and put the key in her pocket.

"Sydney, please... don't do this..." Zion begged, coughing and gasping for air. "I don't understand... why do you hate me so much? What did I do to you?"

Sydney laughed mockingly. "You don't understand? Of course you don't. You are too stupid and ignorant to comprehend the truth. You are the son of the man who ruined my life. The man who betrayed me and left me for dead. The man who is now the king of this cursed kingdom."

She pointed at Armand, the cursed sword that hung from her belt.

"This sword was once mine. It was a gift from him, when we were still in love. But he stole it from me, along with everything else. He used it to kill my family, my friends, my people. He used it to usurp the throne and start a bloody war. He used it to seal my fate as a clone, a copy, a shadow of myself."

She glared at Zion with hatred.

"And you... you are his spitting image. You have his face, his eyes, his voice. You are a reminder of everything I lost. Everything he took from me."

She spat on the floor.

"You are not my son. You are his spawn. His mistake. His weakness."

She turned around and walked away.

"Sydney! Sydney! Wait!" Zion shouted, banging on the bars. "Please... don't leave me here... please... I'm sorry... I'm sorry..."

But Sydney didn't look back. She ignored his cries and left him alone in the dark.

She had no pity for him.

He was just a pawn in her game.

A game she intended to win.

At any cost.
[Translated block]


"What you saw, heard, experienced. You must not speak of anything. If you think of something, I will destroy your brain. If you try to do something, I will destroy your limbs."

Zion realized from Uorin's cold tone. It was like listening to his mother's icy voice.

That sounds like a scary story. Where did you read it from? 📚
[Translated block]