


```text
[272] 1. Hostile Friendly Relationship (1)

The morning dawned at Kazra Castle.

Shirone waited in the waiting room prepared by the Inspection Department for a paternity test.

It was not impossible to have visitors, but no one came to see him as it was a place where Kazra's nobles paid attention.

He couldn't go back to his old life after the paternity test was over. What would his future be like?

"Phew, I'm nervous for no reason."

"You don't have to worry. It's a simple test."

Shirone lifted his head sharply.

A tall and burly man was standing there. He didn't have a cold impression, but he had a creepy feeling that pierced him.

A faint shiver spread through his nerves. It was the same feeling as when he first met Armin.

"Could it be, an Unrocker?"

The man answered instead of greeting politely.

"I'm sorry for the late introduction. My name is Arius. I'm in charge of advising His Highness Orkamp."

Shirone narrowed his eyes and sharpened his edge.

"What are you doing here?"

The waiting room was a closed space by human standards. It was not a safe situation to be alone with a master who had infiltrated without anyone knowing.

"I just wanted to meet you. There's something in common between Unrockers."

Arius showed off his temperament as if he understood Shirone's feelings, which resonated with resonance.

"I've heard a lot about Shirone's exploits. Especially the photon cannon, it was impressive. It must be a battery that controls mass, right?"

Shirone's tension increased. If the opponent was an enemy, it was not a good situation to have his abilities exposed.

Arius raised both hands and showed that he had no hostility.

"You don't have to be so defensive. It's pure interest. You could say I'm a fan. By the way, let me introduce my ability...."

"Scale magic, right?"

"Ho ho, why do you think so?"

"This is a room with all six sides blocked. You can't get in with just spatial magic. If you distorted time and space at the same time, there's nothing but scale magic."

Arius admitted obediently. It was also not a special secret among the magicians working on this ground.

"That's right. More than half of the Unrockers are scale magicians. Did you know that too?"

"No, I didn't know that."

It was the first time Shirone heard this story. More than half of the Unrockers were scale magicians.

Well, if you think about it, Armin's magic could also be called a kind of scale magic. Time and space cannot be separated.

"The reason why there are many scale magicians among Unrockers is not clear. It's just a guess that it has something to do with the nature of Immortal Function. In that respect, Shirone's battery is quite unique. The ability to handle mass is very rare. I'm really jealous."

"No, it's not that great...."

Armin interrupted him by leaning his face forward.

"But I'm stronger."

It was a childish remark from the mouth of a top-notch magician. But Arius didn't care and added.

"I just want to make sure of that."

"Oh, of course."

Shirone didn't bother to deny it. He was a skilled person hired by the king of one country, so he was a senior who was far above the magic school student.

Then Arius tilted his head as if surprised.

"Huh? Aren't you admitting too easily? Humility is also poison if you overdo it."

"Huh? No, I'm just a student."

"Of course, your magic power is still lacking. But you don't know what will happen if you cast Ataraxia, do you?"

Shirone was startled. Ataraxia was the language of heaven. No one knew except his acquaintances, and Klein used the term magic amplification device in academic journals.

'He must have been to heaven too.'

Arius stared into Shirone's eyes. As if looking for a small fairy living in his pupil. His mouth curled up slightly as he confirmed that the keyword was properly engraved.
```
[Translated block]


“How do you know about Ataraxia?”

“Haha! Most of the magicians who have played around in this field know it. It's the weapon of Archangel Ikael. Of course, it was shocking that humans could acquire it.”

“Then have you been to heaven?”

Arius nodded nonchalantly.

“A long time ago. But it wasn't a very interesting place for me. But I'm still collecting information. It's a matter of human survival. We all owe Miro a debt. Well, thanks to her, she also became the best magician, so she wouldn't be upset, right?”

Shirone, who only had the idea of ​​sacrifice for Miro's choice, found Arius' words novel.

“Is Miro the best unlocker?”

Arius smiled self-deprecatingly.

“Well, isn't she? How do you know who is the best? But she saved humanity. And she is still staying in another dimension that we cannot challenge. No magician born in this era can surpass Miro's achievement. It's a pity.”

It wasn't an unreasonable thing to say, even if it sounded cold.

Everyone should have the opportunity to achieve their dreams. If not, the world that Miro saved with sacrifice would be as good as dead.

“I see. But Miro also thought that way....”

“Haha! Of course I know! Don't take it too seriously. If it weren't for Oberk, the founder of Turn Undead magic, humanity would have been conquered by necromancers. The best depends on the situation, that's the physiology of magic. Besides, there was already a magician in this world who no one could surpass.”

“The best magician? Who is that?”

Shirone thought of several names.

Kergos, who established the theory of photonization? Ibris, the founder of Ignite fire magic? Maybe Gloria, who synthesized the four-way system of the Spirit Zone?

“The greatest magician in history is... McClain Gopin.”

Shirone slapped his knee in regret.

“Ah! I knew it!”

The magician who installed the door to heaven in Kergo Autonomous District. He knew how great a magician he was through Ikael's words.

“What kind of person is Gopin?”

Arius scratched his head as if it was difficult to answer.

“Well, I don't know. There are no records about Gopin. Even whether he really existed in the world is controversial.”

“Huh? But Gopin is....”

“Yes. His achievements exist all over the world. But all that remains are ruins. There are no historical records about Gopin himself. Even now, archaeologists are wandering around the world looking for traces of Gopin, but no form of record has been found. Even legends.”

“How can that be?”

Shirone was puzzled.

Anyone leaves a trace of their life. Even an unknown person would have a record passed down through acquaintances, let alone someone like Gopin who should be known to everyone in the world.

“Whether Gopin was a real person or not is still a controversy in academia. Some scholars argue that he never came into contact with intelligent life during his lifetime. But there is another hypothesis that is most popular right now.”

The one who was called the greatest magician in history disappeared without leaving any records. Shirone thought that maybe this was a great magic.

Arius raised his finger and said.

“Gopin existed in the world. But for some reason, the world forgot him, that's the hypothesis.”

As he heard that, he involuntarily remembered something. It was an anecdote he heard from Peope, a fairy of heaven.

Archangel Ikael committed an unforgivable sin. But the people of heaven don't know what sin it is.

Because Anke Ra erased their memories.
[Translated block]


```text
"Geopin existed in the world, but it is now in a state of non-existence. This is called Geopin erasure or reset in academia."

"Reset means..."

"Geopin may have erased his name from the Akashic Records. But then this world should be the whole that has been modified. But why do Geopin's relics still exist? The reset theory provides an answer to that. That is, the world we experience has been initialized once at some point."

To Shirone, who had not yet reached the depths of intelligence, Arius's words sounded like nonsense from a lunatic. Nevertheless, the reason he couldn't turn his mind away was because of the nature of the Unrocker, who was naturally drawn to such problems.

"There is a 'crack field verification experiment' as a representative evidence of Geopin erasure. The total amount of time and energy in the world we live in is slightly misaligned."

Arius spread out ten fingers and pretended to hold a sphere.

"The Akashic Records are perfect as a whole. Therefore, this world cannot lose its perfection. But cracks can occur. Cracks are personality, not lack. Scholars speculate that there are traces of reset in those cracks."

Shirone couldn't believe it. But if many scholars were talking seriously, it wasn't a trivial story.

"If reset is true, does that mean everyone in this world is living the same life for the second time?"

"That's how it would be. Don't think too hard. Time is not flowing, but perceiving. For example, suppose humanity started 10,000 years ago. Did the people of today wait 10,000 years to live today? No. They didn't wait a second. Time is perceived from the moment you are born. That's why scholars cite déjà vu as evidence of reset. The feeling of experiencing something you've experienced before again. This is also a cognitive error that occurs when the brain confuses time before and after initialization."

Arius raised his index finger and asked.

"Then here's the problem. How could McClain Geopin initialize the world?"

Words automatically popped into Shirone's head.

"Immortal function."

Arius nodded his head with satisfaction.

"That's right. If you expand your mind endlessly, your ego will be dismantled. But there is a threshold for any phenomenon. If you can control the immortal function perfectly, you will be in a contradictory state that is infinite yet finite. That is, becoming whole while having an ego."

Arius's explanation reminded Shirone of a similar concept he knew. Becoming whole while having an ego means, conversely, that everything has an ego. And people in the world called such beings gods.

"I see. The person named Geopin..."

Shirone finally realized it. Why McClain Geopin was the best magician in the world that no one could surpass.

"Yes. McClain Geopin is..."

Arius said with a smile.

"The unprecedented infinite magician in human history."

It was the second time he heard the word infinite magician after Armin, but the feeling he accepted was much more intense.

At that time, he was ignorant of immortal functions or Akashic Records. But now he had a vague idea of how humans could achieve godhood.

"I don't know what era Geopin belongs to. 100 years ago? 1,000 years ago? Maybe even before humanity began. However, there is a strong theory that 18 years ago from now is the point of reset. Based on that point, Geopin's achievements are not appearing. Coincidentally, 18 years ago was also the year when Miro's spacetime was born."

Arius said it was a possibility, but Shirone heard directly from Ikael's mouth that Miro was Geopin's successor.

And 18 years ago... it was also the year he was born.
```
[Translated block]


But he didn't think deeply about it. Where would a person born 18 years ago be the only one of himself?

Arius checked his watch. There was not much time left for the test, so it was time to be faithful to his original mission.
[Translated block]