


"I'm sorry. I can't explain. It's too complicated."

He hoped they would leave him alone.

But they did not.
[Translated block]


But he still had a memory of himself entering the capsule of artificial hibernation.

'It's a positive thing that new memories keep coming up. I need a safe place for now.'

Shirone finally looked back at Woodga.

"Take me to where you live."

Shirone conveyed with a gesture and Woodga nodded.

"Yeah, that's right. You're our slave. But it's too late to go back today. You won't be able to get out of the contaminated area."

Shirone realized what Woodga meant by pointing at the sun.

'There is one way. But will it really work?'

Gwangik.

As golden wings spread brilliantly behind Shirone's shoulders, Hamei looked at him as if he was fascinated.

"Wow......"

The name of the sun that the children of the sun call.

It was also written in the Bible that he was the only god who created life, and that he commanded the angels with wings of light as his tribe.

"Brother, maybe he......"

Hamei cut off his words because Woodga was not saying anything.

There is already a judge in the flock.

There can't be two incarnations of Ra in one flock, so he wasn't sure if it was the right decision to take Shirone with him.

'No, I can't stay here for the night anyway.'

The newly born children of the sun need to rest as much as possible in the sunlit places.

Woodga, who made a decision, led Hamei.

"Let's go. It's not our fault anyway. We just have to report honestly to the judge."

As they held hands, Shirone looked up at the sky and slammed his wings of light hard.

The air exploded with a bang and they soared tens of meters high, and Woodga and Hamei were startled by the flight they had never experienced before.

On the other hand, Shirone calmly looked around the scenery.

'It's familiar after all. Then is magic the real memory?'

As he increased his altitude, the landscape of the destroyed world came into his eyes clearly.

Many creatures were flying between buildings that looked like burnt matchsticks, and beyond the horizon, there were sparse forests.

'This is not one or two places. It's definitely civilization.'

But as expected, the biggest part of his sight was the contaminated area covered with blotchy mucus.

'More than 70 percent of the city has been eroded. What is that? It seems like I remember it.'

Woodga regained his mind and pointed in a direction.

"That's our flock."

A cross-section of a scrap metal lump that completely filled the gap hidden by buildings appeared.

"Okay, let's go!"

He warned in advance, but they couldn't help screaming at the flying speed that sucked in the scenery.

* * *

Shirone arrived in less than 10 minutes at a distance that took half a day on foot.

As he landed on the asphalt road, buildings that had once been over 60 stories high were broken in half and blocked around him.

"Follow me. I'll take you to the secretary. But don't act rashly when you arrive at the flock."

As they passed through the forest of buildings, a pyramid of intertwined steel frames appeared.

It was an enormous scale to be made by humans, and barricades were installed on the outskirts.

"We finished our gathering mission. Open the way."

As Woodga spoke to the guard, two burly whites clenched their fists on their left chest.

"Good job. Come in."

The guards did not discriminate by race, gender, or age, but there was something in their eyes that felt lacking in commonality.

'It's a familiar appearance. Are they those who woke up from artificial hibernation?'

The inside of the pyramid was brighter than expected.

Shirone looked up at the sphere of light floating above the ceiling.

'Light magic shining. There are magicians here too.'

Woodga took Hamei to the culture room.

An old man who received a newborn child of the sun put him down in a place where a faint light was laid, and then he stopped crying.

"You've worked hard. It wasn't an easy journey."
[Translated block]


"Hehe, it was okay because Woodga oppa went with me. I think I can do it by myself from now on."

Knowing that it was not an easy task as he said, Nopa just smiled faintly.

"By the way, who is that slave?"

"Oh, I found an ancient shelter this time. Hamey found it. But......"

Woodga hesitated and told Nopa what had happened at the Tree of Life.

"Hmm, is that so......"

Nopa, who was lost in thought, nodded as if he had a guess and stroked Woodga's head.

"I think it's better for me to report it. I'll tell you what Hamey found, so don't worry and go in."

Woodga and Hamey's faces brightened.

To be honest, they were at a loss as to how to report it.

"Yes. Then I'll leave it to you."

As the two ran out of the culture room, Nopa finally turned cold and said to Sirone.

"Follow me. You have a ritual to pay."

Sirone followed Nopa up to the top of the pyramid and waited outside the door until the report was over.

The scenery of the temple with a neat floor unlike what he had seen so far was revealed as the door finally opened.

At the end of the road where the torches were burning, there was an altar, and on the throne above it sat a man with a strong impression of short green hair.

"Judge, this is the ancient who used the power of light."

The scribe bowed his head and said, and the judge's eyes pierced Sirone sharply.

"Is what the scribe said true?"

When Sirone didn't show any reaction, the judge called an old man in a robe who was waiting in the corner.

"Priest, examine this boy."

The old man, who approached Sirone with a shaky step, recited something like a spell with his sunken mouth and turned his palms around.

"What is this......?"

Sirone opened his eyes wide at the sight of the old man's palms glowing blue.

As his hand passed by, golden codes appeared as if wiping off frost on a glass window.

The spell continued endlessly, and the old man swung his hand bigger and bigger, examining the codes that surrounded Sirone.

Then he scanned Sirone's face to his stomach, and his body became translucent and more codes appeared.

"Hmm, is that so......"

The old man reached out his right hand into the air and made a gesture of grabbing something.

Then a specific code arrangement was engraved on a transparent band and held in his hand.

Then he scanned Sirone's head again with his left hand and revealed the code, then pulled the band and connected it.

"Ugh!"

At the sudden flood of information, Sirone trembled with his limbs spread out.

"The language of God will perform miracles for you."

The old man said that and turned to the judge.

"I confirmed it, Judge. This boy has the language of light engraved on his body."

"It's a pity. Why did Ra engrave the language of light on a slave?"

The judge flipped his right hand and a huge sphere of light floated above his palm and soared to the ceiling.

'Shining......'

Even in the process of merging with the information in his brain, Sirone could see that scene clearly.

As Shining magic was cast, everyone in the temple raised their hands and shouted loudly.

"O incarnation of Ra! Give us life!"

The judge arrogantly lifted his chin and ordered.

"Erase the language of light. Only those who obey us can continue their lives of inferior nutrition."

'What do you mean erase?'

Without even being surprised by the fact that he understood their words little by little, Sirone noticed the malice in the old man's eyes.

"Don't blame me. There is only one sun in the flock."

The old man swung his right hand in the air again and this time grabbed a band with red codes written on it.

Then he shone light on Sirone again with his left hand and revealed the code, then connected it like a stab.
[Translated block]


```
"Ahhhhhh!"

An overwhelming shock hit his brain, and a flood of unbearable information rose to burst his head.

"Endure it! There is only obedience for slaves!"

'I'm not a slave!'

Shirone resisted the code that destroyed his ego and clenched his teeth hard.

The spirit zone tightened and the frame began to form.

As an overload occurred at the point where the code brought by the old man and Shirone's code collided, the terrified priest trembled.

"H, how can this be... how..."

Shirone's eyes showed white and his eyelids fluttered.

'I have to endure. If I can't hold on here, it's over.'

Indestructible!

As an indestructible mental state was built, Shirone's eyes opened wide and the spirit zone expanded infinitely.

As the codes exploded with a bang, the priest who was standing nearby screamed and flew to the front of the altar.

He raised his upper body with difficulty and spat out the words he was about to say with a pale and nauseous face.

"How can you reject the language of God..."

Shirone rubbed the place where the code was connected and glared at the judge sitting on the altar.

"What are you trying to do to me?"

"......"

Shirone information recovery rate.

57 percent.
```
[Translated block]