


```text
[290] 5. All kinds of variables (4)

Amy, who escaped from the tentacles, reset her mind with red eyes. She had too much sedative and felt nauseous, but she barely managed to enter the spirit zone.

Amy, who equipped a fireball of triumph, swung her hand as she jumped into the door. The door, entwined with organic matter, shattered into pieces as a powerful fireball hit it.

By the time Zion realized that he had been fooled, the second door was already blown away.

"Damn it, shit...!"

Zion asked Armand, who was innocent.

"What the hell did you do? You let her go!"

It was a typical appearance of an inexperienced user.

Armand could copy the user's brain and aim for intelligence, but strictly speaking, he was nothing more than a sword that coexisted with his master. He couldn't judge for himself in any situation.

Therefore, cursing Armand was nothing but cursing his own stupid head.

"We have to chase her. Let's go."

As if answering Zion's words, countless tentacles stretched out from the diamond armor and stuck to the wall. Zion floated up with the force of the tentacles and pushed forward like swinging.

@

Reina stopped walking and listened to the direction of the sound. The sound of silence detected a huge vibration that echoed underground.

The sound transmitted through the wall was definitely faint. But the fact that the sound reached here from the kingdom's most durable castle meant that there was a huge shock at the epicenter.

'She's underground!'

Reina threw herself at the stairs in front of her.

It was impossible to shake the building with the force of a sword from an ordinary swordsman. Shiroene must have cast magic.

As soon as she stepped into the basement, she heard someone running from the end of the hallway. Judging by the rhythm of the footsteps, it was someone who was extremely excited.

Reina stuck close to the wall and watched out for the approaching opponent. She saw one person running through the curtain of darkness.

Reina blocked Amy's way as soon as she found her.

"Amy!"

"Yikes! You scared me! Sis?"

"What? Why are you here?"

"Let's run first!"

Amy grabbed Reina's arm and ran as if there was no time to explain. Then Reina also activated her schema and matched Amy's speed.

Bang! Bang!

A heavy impact hit the wall and made a sound.

Reina deactivated Sound of Silence. If she listened to the vibration in this state, her eardrums would burst.

"What? Is there a monster following you?"

Amy sighed. She wanted to tell her absurd story, but finding Shiroene was more urgent.

"I'll tell you later. Where is Shiroene?"

"She's over there. I heard a sound from there."

The two people who entered the left fork looked at the warehouse waiting at the end of the alley. A sign hanging from the ceiling said it was a food storage.

As they entered, they saw that it was a mess inside due to traces of battle.

Flour was spilled and some of it dissolved like smoke, making the air opaque. Vegetables that seemed to have been cut were wearing flour clothes in pieces. Amy thought it was lucky that this wasn't a meat storage.

"Where is Shiroene?"

As Amy looked around and moved her steps, Reina blocked her way with her arms spread out.

"It's dangerous. Don't move."

Amy, who flinched, looked at where Reina was staring. There were countless spider webs between the flour smoke.

"This is...!"

She realized that she was surrounded by spider webs. It was a disgusting sight like a warehouse sealed for 100 years.

"Why are there spider webs here? And they look like they're from a huge spider."

"Be careful. There's something here."

Reina slowly passed through the spider webs with Amy behind her.

At that moment, a faint voice came from across where sacks were piled up.

"...Damn."

Reina and Amy flew to that place at the same time.
```
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone was hanging upside down on a giant spider web. Her clothes were torn in places and her body was covered with numerous wounds.

Amy's eyes welled up with tears.

"Shirone!"

"Run away... This guy... is very strong..."

"Wait! I'll save you now!"

Amy ran straight ahead.

It was creepy enough to imagine a stranger caught on a spider web, but the fact that it was Shirone was a shocking horror.

She briefly examined the web and tore it with her hand when she found no other way. A sharp pain shot through her. She looked at her palm and saw that it was cut sharply.

"What kind of spider web is this?"

Shirone shouted with all her strength.

"Amy! Run away!"

At that moment, Reyna hugged Amy's waist and flew her body. The sharp sound of the wind was a sound wave that only Reyna's hearing could hear.

Amy fell to the ground and looked at Reyna without knowing why. But her gaze was fixed somewhere in the darkness.

"Hehe, not bad."

Zenoger, who was hanging upside down next to Shirone, came down.

Amy and Reyna were startled by the man's grotesque appearance. The torch was too far away to see clearly, but he clearly had multiple pupils.

"When you move, there is vibration. If you have the ability to hear that vibration, you can't kill it with a two-dimensional cut. Yes, that's right."

Amy stepped forward and shouted.

"What did you do to Shirone! Let her go!"

Zenoger turned his head to match Shirone's eye level while hanging upside down.

"Oh, this? I just caught it for now, hehe. You'll know if you touch it, but it's pretty sharp. If you struggle, your whole body will be chopped up. That's why you can't even move a finger."

"This..."

As Amy was about to vent her anger, Zenoger said.

"Now, here's the problem. Then when did the wounds on Shirone's body occur? 1. Before she was caught on the web. 2. After she was caught on the web."

Amy didn't know why that was important in this situation.

But as she thought about Zenoger's words, her face gradually turned red. If the answer was the latter, she would twist Zenoger's neck no matter what happened.

"I'll never forgive you."

As Amy got angry, Zenoger felt some consolation. In fact, number two was his favorite game. He would put them on the web and hurt them little by little, making them unable to move or not move.

But unfortunately, the answer was number one.

Shirone's senses were amazing even for Zenoger when she realized the existence of the assassin. It took him 10 minutes of chasing to finally trap her on the web.

Zion's voice came from the entrance of the warehouse.

"What, are you still not done?"

Amy looked back with a defeated look. Zion, who stretched out his tentacles like octopus legs, came down arrogantly while carrying something on his back.

Amy and Reyna immediately turned their backs.

Shirone was caught by an assassin and their retreat was blocked. Everything was going against them.

But Zion didn't care about the two girls.

It was unexpected that Reyna had followed them this far, but they were just rats in a trap anyway. He was more interested in Shirone who was caught on the web.

Zenoger landed on the ground and bowed his waist in respect.

"You're here, Prince. I was just about to finish."

"Finish? You're way past the promised time. What happened?"

"I'm sorry."

Zenoger didn't make any excuses. Even if he was a great assassin who could give a second chance to someone who possessed <The Last Scream of Yeger Family>, Spaturu's pride came only from his skills.

Zion waved his hand as if annoyed.

"Fine, just finish your job quickly. Cut off Shirone's neck."
```

I hope this is what you wanted. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```text
Jenoger bowed his head and climbed onto the spider web that bound Shirone. But as he was about to finish the job, he remembered someone.

"Isn't there still one person missing?"

He was talking about Arius.

But Zion didn't care.

The flicker magic, the trademark of the scale magicians, was a short-distance spatial movement that occurred from extreme space-time distortion.

Even if they were locked up in prison, they were the ones who could move to the other side in an instant as long as they had no magic control device.

Therefore, time and space were not very important to Arius. He was probably looking for an opportunity to appear from some coordinates of space-time by now.

"Wait for me. Now, quickly separate Shirone's head from her body."

"Yes, sir."

Amy shouted as she took a combat stance.

"You're kidding me! Who would do that?"

Zion finally turned to look at the girls and spat out his killing intent. Tentacles rose over his shoulders and prepared to pop out like a witch's claws.

Shirone sensed in her fading consciousness that the armor that surrounded Zion's body was Armand's essence.

If she stayed like this, they would all die. She didn't care about her flesh being torn apart and struggled and screamed.

"Run away! Reina, take Amy and run away!"

Amy didn't listen at all.

What was the point of running away if Shirone died? The only thing they could do now was to settle things with Zion.

Reina also seemed to have reached the same conclusion and widened her stance and glared at Zion.

Ogent was a family that revered swords. Although she didn't have a weapon, her skills honed since childhood were not easy.

Amy and Reina split left and right and attacked Zion together. Then, unexpectedly, Armand's reaction noticeably weakened.

No matter how symbiotic he was, all the decisions were made by Zion. But he had no combat experience and couldn't properly respond to the pincer attack, and so Armand's tentacles couldn't find the exact hit point.

Amy noticed the change in her opponent right away.

'You must have underestimated me! I'll pay you back properly!'

Zion clenched his teeth at the unexpected situation. He could see the magic with his eyes, but Armand blocked it with his tentacles, but he was worried about Reina who couldn't be seen.

"Damn it! These girls!"

Zion retreated as much as possible and blocked the door. If he could subdue his opponent anyway, he had to cut off at least the escape route.

But that was exactly what the two of them were aiming for.

Reina circled around the warehouse and stepped on a sack of gunpowder and jumped up.

"Here!"

Any knight would not have looked back at Reina's voice. It was obvious who was more dangerous between Reina, who fought barehanded, and Amy, who used magic.

But Zion looked back in a hurry, and Amy took advantage of that gap and cast fire strike.

'It's over!'

As soon as Amy thought that, her body was suddenly caught by a strange force and flew away. She tried to get out of inertia, but it was irresistible.

She looked back at Reina while flying and realized what had happened.

A thread that flew like a cannonball unraveled and turned into a spider web that covered Reina. Her body stuck to the wall near the ceiling along with the spider web.

She confirmed that moment and Amy also hit the wall and felt a strong pain in her back.

She looked down at the spider web that was pressing her down. She tried to cut it with force, but it was too sticky.

If the wire that trapped Shirone was like a sharp blade, this one was like a sticky slime.

Reina and Amy tried their best to struggle, but Jenoger didn't leave them alone.

Jenoger inflated his upper body like a balloon and spat out spider web beads from his mouth.

The spider web that popped out like bubbles spread out at the midpoint and continued to cover Reina and Amy.

"Ugh!"

The binding force increased every time the spider web stuck.
```
[Translated block]


```
As more than five sheets stuck to her, Amy eventually became unable to move. Reyna, who was stuck to the opposite wall, was in the same situation.

"Kuku, you're so pathetic. Are you okay, prince?"

Zion finally let out a sigh of relief and came down to the floor. He was very satisfied to see the three people who were like flies unable to struggle and restrained.
```
[Translated block]