


```
[253] Another Sky (3)

Mark's eyes also filled with tears. But he didn't let them fall.

"We can do it too."

Maria looked at Mark with a bit of surprise.

"We'll try and try. And we'll definitely challenge our senior. We might not be able to win, but we'll do our best to make him face us. So don't say weak things. If you say something like that again, I won't hang out with you anymore."

"Mark......"

Iruki smiled faintly and said.

"There's no such thing as talent in this world."

Mark and Maria turned their heads at the same time.

"To be precise, there's no talent that can be named. A lunatic can't do math well. But he can become the best painter. Magic is a profession that covers all fields. Shiro's insight or Dante's information processing ability, they don't guarantee the future. You don't need to envy what others have. If you raise your own thing to the best, you might be able to defeat Shiro someday."

"I, we don't think like that......"

Mark waved his hand with a red face. To defeat Shiro, it was something he had never dreamed of.

But hearing this from a genius recognized by the world, he felt confident again.

It was the first time he felt Iruki as a senior.

Dante frowned at the flood of information. Sequences of 0 and 1 passed through his brain at the speed of light. It was Shiro's information added to Pascal's information.

'I can do it! I'm catching up!'

Dante began to gain the upper hand in the speed battle. It was the difference between biology and machine. Biological endurance decreases slowly, but automata perform their original functions until they explode.

The students saw Pascal's attack magic gradually bind Shiro. Shiro's teleportation radius was shrinking, and it seemed like he would fall into the area of movement zero in 10 seconds.

But even so, Shiina couldn't dare predict the outcome.

Shiro's movements were clearly narrowing, but Dante's mental power was also almost at the bottom.

'Can Dante hold on?'

Shiina stared at the gauge that was shrinking.

'He can hold on. If this goes on, it's Dante's victory.'

Shiina also had a little hope for Shiro's victory, but Dante deserved to win. Especially, the automaton's responsiveness was powerful enough to work among the pros.

5 seconds. 4 seconds.

The moment when Shiro was checkmated was approaching.

The barrage radius of wind cutter narrowed, and a bolt of 100 percent charge from electric mansion waited for launch.

The moment when Shiro's movements were completely blocked came.

Dante found the address of electric cannon in the matrix of memory in an instant and sent it to Pascal.

'Now!'

The moment Dante thought that.

'Now!'

Shiro also thought the same thing.

As the energy of electric cannon filled the mansion, a flash of light concentrated in front of Shiro.

Dante sneered. No matter how strong photon cannon was, full power electric cannon would destroy it and dominate space.

At that moment, Shiro cast his ultimate magic.

Shining impact!

Photons compressed by aligning polarization direction exploded.

Then only one information filled Dante's head with 0 and 1.

The simplest but unprocessable size of information.

Pascal overloaded as automaton momentarily stopped. The students were shocked. He caused a light explosion and paralyzed Dante's system.

A strategy that wouldn't work twice. Shiro had saved one chance for this moment.

Dante's head was as pale as shining impact. A gap of almost one second in calculation that handled thousands of information per second was fatal.
```
[Translated block]
Did I translate it correctly? Do you have any questions or comments about the text?
[Translated block]


That's dangerous.

Dante had the same judgment. A huge concept assembly. If he left it alone, he would completely lose the advantage he had worked hard to get.

"I can't leave it like that."

Dante activated the Electric Mansion. White and blue electricity popped out, making a sound of splitting wood.

Shirone flew away hastily. Ataraxia was not even half completed. Moreover, the automatons that had fully recovered their functions started firing again.

Amy frowned with regret. It was too much to use it in a real battle after all. He ended up wasting the last chance he got from the Shining Impact.

"Huh?"

At that moment, Amy's eyes sparkled. Eruki and Nade looked at Halo with disbelief.

Information continued to accumulate in the light wheel. But it was impossible. Shirone was still flying around avoiding the barrage.

"What is this? How did this happen?"

Eruki's head spun fast. Was it possible to teleport and operate magic circles at the same time? Shirone was not a servant, nor could she operate Pascal like Dante.

'It must be a parallel circuit. No, something that looks like parallel?'

At that moment, a flash of light passed through his head.

"That's it!"

"Eruki, what happened?"

Amy asked with a surprised expression, and Eruki shouted excitedly.

"Time division. He's doing time division."

Nade realized it and slapped his knee.

"Oh! That's right! That's possible!"

"What is time division? Does Shirone senior can use two magic at the same time?"

"He split the calculation into units of time. He's switching between battery A and battery B at an incredibly fast speed. ABABABAB, like this. Then it creates a phenomenon that looks like two magic are unfolding at the same time."

Mark opened his mouth blankly. He had split time by 1/10,000 on an impossible bridge, but switching between two batteries was a different level of difficulty. It was possible for Shirone, who had more accurate insight than knowledge.

Olivia was excited for the first time since the duel began.

He tried time division. This was a skill that only a few of the top magicians in the front line could do.

'Is Shirone evolving too?'

Olivia glanced at Alpheus with a fierce look in her eyes and then opened her eyes wide in surprise.

Alpheus's face was full of violent energy. His mouth was torn to his ears and he didn't seem to close.

'Hehehe. Shirone, you're finally like yourself.'

Alpheus also didn't expect Shirone to try time division. He wanted to give him a standing ovation.

When he first heard about Ataraxia, he thought it would take at least four years. Even if he was fast, he thought he would have to train for that long to use it in practice.

But Shirone did it in just four months.

Time division slowed down the accumulation of information by about half, but compared to the situation where he had to build a magic circle for a minute without defense, it was not even a disadvantage.

More than anything, he wanted to see how powerful it was. He felt electricity running through his body just imagining the destructive power of information accumulated at the speed of light for more than two minutes.

'Just a little more, just a little more...!'

Shirone tried his best to switch batteries. Time division felt like juggling with thoughts. If he lost sight of the afterimage of memory for a moment, everything would go up in smoke.

It was not easy to avoid Dante's attack in such a situation. But he didn't want to lose. He didn't care about the title of the best in the kingdom. He felt desperate that he would never be able to move forward if he couldn't beat Dante here.

Dante was anxious as if his heart would burst. The speed of the automatons seemed to catch up with Shirone, but they couldn't catch up.

'Damn it! What's going on?'
[Translated block]
Did I translate it correctly? Do you need anything else?
[Translated block]