


```text
[184] 4. The Reversal of the Law (5)

But then I realized that howling was not the problem. I had never seen magic that turned into a huge flash and flew away to the sky.

"How did they do that? Who are they?"

The two experts in pursuit began to follow the trail of Shiro's party. One of them sniffed like a dog and the other one tilted his head to the sky and stuck out his tongue.

The man who used his sense of smell gave up.

"Captain, the wind is blocked. We can't chase them."

The man who used his sense of taste held on a little longer. He lowered his tongue to his chin and returned his eyes to normal.

"I can catch them with my taste. They're over there."

The captain mounted his horse as the rear guard arrived. And he turned in the direction that the expert of smell pointed and said.

"They just crossed one wall! They couldn't have gone far! Chase them!"

"Kkryaryaryarya!"

The pursuers made a strange noise and went back the way they came.

One minute later.

Shiro's party came down to their original place on a flash.

It was Shiro's suggestion to use Kergo's tracking ability in reverse.

There was already a smell here, so tracking was impossible. Therefore, they would only come back after checking all the points.

Gardrak received Clove's support again. And he pointed to a deep crevice in the valley and said.

"Thanks to you, I survived. We won't run into them for a while. Let's go this way. There should be a way."

Amy asked as if she was not satisfied.

"Where exactly is Nor's shelter? How much further do we have to go?"

"That's what I want to ask you. How do you freely use light magic? Do you extract it from the air?"

"We don't use that method. Why do you ask that all of a sudden?"

"To move to Nor's shelter, we need a place where light gathers. It's similar to the magic you cast, but you can fly much further. Anyway, trust me and follow me. There's a shining spot just a little further."

Probably the magic that Gardrak talked about was spatial movement. It seemed to be a way of flying to Nor's shelter at once by borrowing the power of photons from a place where light gathers.

It was a good choice. If they did this, Nor's shelter would not be exposed even if the pursuers killed the guide.

Norians' way of thinking was definitely like magicians. A place where such people gather. What kind of place would Nor's shelter be?

With a little excitement, Shiro left the valley along the gap to the other side.

@

"Where are they hiding?"

The captain of the pursuers was serious. He had been looking around for 20 minutes, but he couldn't find their smell.

A group of scouts came running on horses. They looked like they had failed from their eyes.

"There is none. We couldn't find any traces of them entering Maru Valley or Bucche Creek."

"Damn it! We let them go after catching them all!"

"But captain, isn't it strange? How did they escape when we fought with them? That place was not an area where light concentrates as Norians say."

The captain was thinking about that too.

As far as he knew, there was no magician in Nor who could use such magic. It could be an alien species, but they looked very similar to humans.

He had been hunting heretics for 400 years now, and he recalled a hint from the old history.

"Could it be... humans of the earth?"

The captain's eyes sharpened. If they were humans of the earth, chasing them was not the problem.

Mecha digs into what they know and Nor digs into what they don't know. But Kergo digs into God, and therefore he is the only believer who knows all the truth.

Humans of the earth were not fake beings. At least for Kergoans, they were serious variables that could affect the law.

"Stop chasing them. Let's go back to Shamaen. Reporting comes first."

The subordinates turned their horse heads following the captain of the pursuers.

At that moment, suddenly there was a vibration from the ground.

Everyone who looked around casually as if it was nothing felt the vibration getting stronger and opened their eyes wide.
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]
How did I do? Was my translation accurate and clear?
[Translated block]


```
"Ah, is that so? Then live well wherever you are. Being hunted by Kergo for the rest of your life."

Clovis was about to retort when Gardrak opened his mouth.

"That could happen. Anyway, we are the ones who broke the law. So we were banished to hell, but so what? At least we got freedom."

"Why do you call that freedom? It's just fear. The fear of not knowing when you'll die."

"You don't know when you'll die. But even so, the right to die is mine. Isn't that enough?"

Kanya's expression hardened.

The Shinmin are said to have eternal life, but even so, death was a sensitive issue. Especially when the heretics said they had the right to die, it was a mockery of heaven.

Kanya couldn't hold back her anger and snapped.

"Shouldn't Shinmin follow the law naturally? You ran away as you pleased and now you talk about freedom and the right to die, do you think your lives will get better by wrapping them up in words like that? This is why Nor doesn't like you."

Lena stopped her.

"Stop it, sis. It's no use fighting with heretics. The result is the same anyway."

Kanya knew that too. They couldn't communicate with them who stood on the opposite point of symmetry based on the law.

But Gardrak wanted to finish what he started. He had a lot of pent-up anger from living in hell for a long time.

"Do you really think that way? Do you think you're right?"

"Of course! We're different! We came out of hell because we don't use elixirs or anything like that in heaven. We'll go back to Shamine as soon as we get the stuff and live happily ever after under God's protection there!"

"You don't need to wrap it up like that. You're just a creature thirsty for eternal life, aren't you?"

Kanya's eyes flashed with anger.

She had been quiet until now because there was a line she could tolerate in the disrespectful conversation. But Gardrak had just crossed that line far away.

"I can't forgive you for saying that, even if you're a heretic. I can kill you right here."

"Sis, don't."

Kanya shook off her sister's hand and pulled out an arc. But Gardrak looked at her calmly, with a look of pity in some sense.

"Then why did you come looking for me? No, what are you trying to get from Nor's shelter?"

Kanya's shoulder twitched as she aimed the arc at him.

"It's obvious without saying. Someone in your family is getting a drink of fire soon, right? So you came here to buy Nor's medicine."

The arc's aiming point shook. There was no way to stop the projectile if she let go of the handle at this distance. But she couldn't shoot in the end. Tears poured out uncontrollably.

"What's wrong, what's wrong with thinking about your parents? This has nothing to do with the law! I just... just want our mom to...!"

Men were weak against women's tears, even in heaven. Gardrak's emotions softened. He was once a Shinmin too. That's why he knew better than anyone how Kanya felt.

Lena hugged her sister and said to Gardrak.

"I'm sorry. My sister is..."

"I know. You don't need to apologize to a heretic. The Mecha people have a strong bond between family members. She must have gotten too excited for no reason. It's all because of this wound."

Gardrak rubbed his abdomen awkwardly. His muscles were cut, but his organs were intact. The problem was the amount of bleeding, which was not serious but not stopping either.

Gardrak turned his body and said.

"Don't worry. Nor doesn't put emotions on things, so you'll be able to get what you want. But you'll need quite a bit of elixir. Nor's business skills are excellent."

Kanya wiped her tears and said bravely.

"Hmph, don't worry about that. I've saved enough for a year."

A sad smile flickered on Gardrak's lips as he walked away.

Shirone, who had been watching their conversation, felt depressed. Many words were unfamiliar and the motives for emotional explosions were unclear, but this place was not one where absolute values ruled either.
```

Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]


What is the wine of the sun? Is it really divine? Is this place heaven, or just another world?

Will I be able to return with all the answers when this journey ends?

I hope this translation is helpful to you. Do you have any other requests for me? 😊
[Translated block]