


[192] 5. Nor's Shelter (7)

After 30 seconds, a signal appeared that the save was complete.

The drone that searched the left and right eyeballs sent a signal to the left eyeball.

Tes was startled as if his breath stopped. The scenery he saw with his eyes was overlaid with the scenery the drone saw.

This ability alone was worth a schema.

Tes, who attached the drone to his gauntlet, nodded his head repeatedly as he listened to the explanation.

Kanya told him that it also had a language decoding function and a function that automatically finds the target by tracking the signal if it saves a specific brainwave.

Unlike Shiro's party, who were excited about the combat power enhancement, Clove rolled his eyes anxiously.

The word Nephilim was also intense for heretics.

It was different from the fear of a strong enemy. Nephilim was an unknown fear that had nothing to do with the height of power.

He hoped that Shiro would not curse strangely as he recalled the attitude they had shown to them so far.

Sure enough, Shiro came up.

He thought he would be helpless, but contrary to that, he took out a yellow elixir and handed it to him.

It was a fee.

Clove struggled for a while and put it in his pocket.

"Th, thank you. You don't have to give me this much."

"It's okay. Anyway, elixirs can't be split or anything."

"You... are you really a Nephilim?"

"I don't know. I'm just a magic school student. No matter how people here call me, that fact won't change."

"I'm sorry for being rude. I thought you were a person of the land..."

"Even if you're a person of the land, you shouldn't treat them like that."

"Th, that's right. I'm sorry."

Shiro didn't want to talk anymore.

It was meaningless to admonish someone who had succumbed to fear. Even if he told a cockroach to bow, he would follow it.

Shiro ignored Clove and went to where the Norians were gathered. It was his idea to ask them something since this place was also part of the community.

"Excuse me, do you know anything about a woman named Miro?"

The Norians reacted bewilderedly.

When Shiro was about to turn around, an old man with a cane came up.

"Miro, did you say Miro?"

"Yes. Do you know her?"

"I heard it when my parents were alive. Is she not a Nephilim?"

"Huh? Oh, yes."

The people of this world knew Unrocker as Nephilim. He didn't know exactly what Miro's origin was, but she was also an Unrocker, so it seemed okay to answer affirmatively.

"She denied Ra's law."

"What does that mean?"

"I don't know. I just heard that. But my mother didn't hate her. She was a believer who followed Ra so much. It was shocking to me as a child."

A woman who denied Ra's law. The information he got was simple, but there was a lot to convey when he chewed on it.

First of all, Miro had definitely come to heaven. And she must have realized much more about this world than him and went back.

And she denied Ra.

What judgment would he make when this trip was over? Would he understand Miro or deny her?

As he was lost in thought, Amy came up to him.

"Shiro, it looks like the sun is going down. We decided to sleep here today, what do you think?"

"Huh? I'm fine too. I've been fighting since morning and I'm tired. Let's rest from now on."

"Hey..."

Kanya came up and talked to him. Amy could tell by her expression alone. She cared about her relationship with Shiro and Amy by following them.

"What is it? Do you have something to say to me?"

"I taught Tes how to use the drone."

"Oh, really? Thank you."

"I'm going to sleep here with Lena and go. They say the guides rest at this time. I think we'll leave tomorrow morning."

"Oh... I see."

Shiro left a lingering sound at the end of his speech.

If Kanya leaves tomorrow morning, they will have to follow them at that time. But the problem was that there was no agreement.

Kanya glanced at Amy for a moment and said.
[Translated block]


```
"You said you were going to heaven, right? Can you stop by our house for just one day if it's okay?"

He had intended to go to heaven, but staying at Kanya's house was another matter.

It might have been because of his mother, who didn't have much time left. Maybe he wanted to introduce the nephilim to his parents, who were fervent believers.

Anyway, he had no reason to refuse. He was grateful for her kindness in accepting his goodwill.

When Shirone agreed, Kanya blushed.

Amy didn't like that part, but she couldn't timidly question it either, so she snorted and went to Tess.

While finishing up the day's work, the outskirts of Nor's shelter became noisy. A group of people ran over and shouted loudly.

"It's a patrol! Hide! Lie down on the ground!"

There was no time to ask what was going on as the Norians scattered in all directions.

Shirone grabbed Kanya's hand and ran to where Guardlock was. Their friends seemed to have made the same decision and gathered there.

Shirone lay down in the bushes and heard the whole story from Guardlock.

On the night of the full moon, angels patrol around the purgatory, he said.

It was a revelation that came down among the heretics for thousands of years, without any clear reason or purpose.

A sound that shook the world came from the sky. The air around them vibrated as if a swarm of tens of thousands of locusts had gathered.

As each sound layered on top of each other, the dissonance disappeared and a single melody pierced their ears.

Was it a string instrument that made the most beautiful sound in the world?

Shirone lost his mind and fell into a delusion.

Guardlock pulled Shirone's consciousness out of his mind.

"Snap out of it! Don't get lost in the sound! We're magicians, so we can endure it. If it were another race, they would have already died."

Shirone looked at Tess and Lena. They were sitting on their knees and crying. They hadn't lost consciousness, but they were already in another world.

What was this sound? How could a single note shake a person's mind like this?

"Where is this sound coming from?"

"Each angel has its own vibration. It's the vibration that emanates from their existence itself."

"The vibration of existence itself? How is that possible?"

"They call angels the harmonizers of the law in heaven. They are the first entities of causality law, and they precede all laws. Vibration is the vibration that proves the angel's own domain."

Shirone looked up at the sky. Judging by the frequency of vibration, they seemed to be passing over Nor's shelter soon.

They had put up a curtain of light with magic, but they couldn't shake off their anxiety.

"Can angels see us?"

"They might or might not."

"What do you mean? Do you mean they can see us?"

"Did you check your fingerprint today?"

"No."

"It's a similar situation. If they want to, they can penetrate the curtain of light easily. But they don't fly around like that in the vast purgatory. As long as they don't act capriciously today, nothing will happen."

Someone shouted "They're coming!" from the bushes on the outskirts.

Shirone raised his head. Four shadows flew over them at high speed.

He couldn't even blink his eyes.

An angel in a white robe was flying in front. He had wings of light that were ten times bigger than his body and held a golden plate in his hand. What caught his eye most intensely was a sphere of light floating above his head.

The ones who formed a triangular formation around the angel were creatures he had never seen before in his life.

The ones who guarded his left and right looked similar to humans, but their skin color was red and blue.

Behind them was a monster that combined all kinds of creatures.

There were long red triangles floating above their heads like horns, but each one had a different number from one to three. They maintained the same shape regardless of angle, even though they were not cones.

"What are those monsters at the end? I see octopus legs and snake faces."

"Those are maras. The second entities of causality law. Another name is executors of law."
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"A practitioner of the law?"

"I said angels are the tuners of the law. They are the first personalities created by God, and they have the right to freely interpret God's will. Do you know what that means? They can manipulate the law as they please. They are on a different level from giants. When angels tune the law, they act as Mara. That's why Mara are called practitioners of the law."

Shirone realized that he had met the highest rank of this world.

If God was the law, then angels were judges.

Then, were Mara assistants who carried out the orders of judges?

"What was floating above your head? Angels have spheres and Mara have horns like..."

"That's right, horns. They are not real horns, but ideobodies. The more horns they have, the higher-ranking Mara they are. They are born with unique abilities. The source of their power is their horns."

"Then what about the things on angels' heads?"

"They are called glorybodies. It's not an exaggeration to say that angels' power lies in their glorybodies. I don't know much about the principle. I only saw angels a few times when I was a citizen of God."

Clover said with a trembling chin.

"I see them more often here."

Shirone was seized by a strange feeling.

If angels really existed, was Unrocker really a Nephilim? The power to cross dimensions at will, the scale magic of the maze, were they angelic abilities?

His head started to ache.

He had obtained countless information since his arrival in heaven, but the puzzle board was too big to guess the whole picture.

The moon rose shortly after the angels left.

It was a huge moon that seemed to be touchable from the top of a mountain if there was one. It was bizarre.

The day of Norins ended when the patrol of angels was over.

Shirone rented a 12-person barracks in the tent village and lay down next to his friends.

There were faint breathing sounds from here and there. He wanted to think more, but he felt his body functions declining.

Shirone fell asleep without knowing it and met Miro in his dream. It was not a nightmare.

6. The Wine of Anecdote (1)

Shirone and his party arrived at the Valley of Whirlwind Snakes following Gardrak.

The law had been broken, so it could no longer be called the Valley of Whirlwind Snakes, but a name that had lasted for tens of thousands of years would not disappear easily.

Gardrak said he could no longer find a guide here.

A new law might come in now that the whirlwind snakes were gone. Whatever law it was, it would not be friendly to them.

"Maybe we'll see each other someday. The law is finite but humans are infinite. Even if heaven is destroyed, Nor's shelter will not disappear."

Gardrak said that and disappeared.

The words that humans are infinite resonated in Shirone's heart. Humans lived here even tens of thousands of light-years away from their original world.

The party sent three drones into the sky.

They had experienced Kergo's heresy hunt, so they knew how important reconnaissance was.

When Shirone asked about heaven, Kanya explained kindly, unlike when they first met.

"Heaven consists of seven skies. From the seventh heaven Araboth to the first heaven Shamain. Citizens live in the first heaven Shamain. Mecca, Nor, Kergo, three races keep the law and do their assigned tasks. Kergo produces, Mecca processes, and Nor supplies."

"But isn't that unreasonable? You're born with your job already decided."

"We've been doing this for hundreds of thousands of years. We just act according to Anke Ra's law."

As far as Shirone knew, civilization had emerged in their original world at most 10,000 years ago. If heaven had existed for hundreds of thousands of years, it would be normal for them to have social problems and population saturation.

When Shirone expressed his inner thoughts, Kanya tilted his head instead.

"It's impious to have such doubts. Anke Ra governs the world. There has never been a time when Shamain's population decreased or increased. The population is always constant."

"How is that possible? Is there a birth control policy or something?"
```
[Translated block]


"Those who keep and follow the law will receive eternal life. They will enter the third thousand Shehakim and live forever."

"Then do those who do not receive eternal life die?"

Is this what you wanted?
[Translated block]