


[183] 4. The Reversal of the Law (4)

"Should I go in?"

"No. Nor uses the power of nature affinity. It's disadvantageous in a narrow space. They know that too, so they're luring us in."

The captain shouted with Schema's power, making the cave echo.

"Come out right now or you'll suffer a terrible fate! I'll count to three!"

His subordinates took out their bows and loaded their arrows.

The arrows weren't explosive like Arc, but they pierced through rocks with Schema's force. If they were in the cave, they would be riddled with holes without a chance to dodge.

"One!"

The cave was silent.

"Two!"

The captain's expression twisted. Did they decide to die?

The only thing Nor could do was use earth magic to block the cave. But that was a temporary measure that wouldn't last long, and it also cut off their escape route.

"Three!"

A red dot appeared on the captain's forehead.

Something flew out of the cave and the captain drew his sword with superhuman reflexes to shield his face.

But by the time he realized what he had blocked, the projectile was already exploding.

"Damn it......!"

A fireball engulfed the captain with a loud noise.

The fire also affected his subordinates, and the startled horses ran wild.

At that moment, Siroine's group came out of the cave.

The captain, whose body was smoking, glared at them. He got up with his sword stuck in the ground and shouted as he looked at the chaotic formation.

"They're with the Mecha! Don't let them go!"

He didn't expect the Mecha to be there when he was chasing Nor.

Siroine took advantage of his confusion.

Her plan worked. Kanya and Lena waited for the pursuers to come closer with their drones and fired Arc at the right timing to create a chance to escape.

"There are too many enemies! Find a narrow path!"

At Siroine's words, Kanya turned the direction with his drone and checked the terrain.

The pursuers who figured out their strategy shot their bows.

They shot straight from 100 meters away, but their speed didn't drop and they whizzed past Siroine's group.

Clovis turned around with annoyance.

"I'll buy us some time!"

"No! Just run!"

"We have to pay them back for Nor's honor!"

Clovis dipped his hand in shallow water and cast ancient magic Shaving.

The stream water froze and began to turn white.

Crack!

The sound of water hardening spread across the valley and pillars similar to what they saw in the cave rose from the frozen surface.

Siroine watched the scene while running.

The scale of ancient magic that borrowed nature's power was much bigger than she expected. The stream water froze, and there were so many pillars that they blocked the view and prevented them from advancing on horseback.

There was a sound of ice breaking.

The group's faces turned pale. The pursuers gave up their horses and ran towards them with swords and fists, breaking the ice pillars.

"Are Nor and Mecha working together? How fitting for lowly heretics!"

Kanya shouted as he aimed his Arc.

"We're Shinmin! You have no reason to interfere with the law as fellow Shinmin!"

As soon as he let go of the handle, Arc's projectile flew out.

A warrior with a long sword cut the projectile in half. A moment later, two fireballs exploded behind him.

"Those who break the law will be beheaded! We are the chosen ones of God, the first Shinmin!"

Kergo and his pursuers raised their weapons and roared.

They looked nothing like the Kergo civilization she saw in her original world. They wore luxurious armor and extravagant accessories. They were nobles of Shinmin society.

Siroine ran next to Kanya and asked.

"Why are they doing this? What's the reason for fighting like this among fellow Shinmin?"

"It's a heretic hunt. They're the most faithful race among Shinmin. But they're also arrogant and aggressive towards other Shinmin. There's nothing good about getting involved with them."
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone closed her mouth. She was already in deep trouble.

"They are annoying, but they are strong because they use the power of giants. Yeonok is a godless territory, so they can do whatever they want. They won't kill you nicely if they catch you."

The distance between them and the pursuers was getting shorter.

None of them could escape the schema, and Shirone's group had an injured person named Gardrak.

Gardrak shouted at Clove.

"Clove! Let's cast Eios!"

"That's dangerous! Master is injured!"

"We're all going to die anyway! Come on, we'll go first!"

Gardrak cast the wind magic Eios. As Gardrak floated up, Clove also flew up with the same magic.

Shirone thought of the fly magic from Eios. If it was a similar mechanism, it would be hard to balance the air in a narrow valley.

As expected, the two people shook more as they rose higher. It seemed like they would collide with the cliff at any moment.

If they were gone, there would be no way to go to Nor's shelter. Shirone thought that she had to save them and told her friends.

-One person each! Let's go with teleportation!

Canis wanted to use Darkport, but since four magicians had to move two mecha and two swordsmen at the same time, he had no choice but to choose photonization magic.

Amy grabbed Tess, and Shirone grabbed Lian. Canis and Arin also held Canya and Lena's hands.

Meanwhile, the pursuers had reached close.

The leader of the Kergo raised his sword on his horse. The silver sword fell like lightning toward Shirone's head.

At that moment, Shirone's group turned into light and soared up.

Gardrak and Clove almost lost their magic.

It was not enough to make light, but they also turned into light. And they moved two mecha at the same time, which was unimaginable even in heaven.

At least by human standards, it was.

"How can you use light magic without borrowing the power of nature?"

Ancient magic must always borrow the power of attributes. Among them, light was the most difficult.

Light is a weak and widely spread power. Therefore, even if it is ancient magic that borrows the power of nature, there is a difficulty in concentrating light.

Norin could only cast light magic when there was a place where light gathered, called a shining spot.

Clove felt uneasy.

Shirone's group, who caught up with them in an instant with teleportation, looked completely different from the mediocre and incompetent imitations he had thought of.

He thought that Shirone's shining magic was just moving light from somewhere with a shining spot. But they make light from their bodies.

And as far as he knew, there was only one being in heaven who could handle light besides Ral.

Arin read Norin's emotions and transmitted them through the mental channel.

-Norin don't seem to know teleportation magic.

Amy snorted and said.

-Huh! Isn't that obvious? Photonization theory is one of the greatest discoveries in magical history even in our world. Don't look down on the geniuses of the land of earth.

Amy was proud of being born in the land of earth.

But the Kergo of heaven were not easy opponents either. They used external gravity to run vertically along the cliff.

Amy lay down horizontally and swung Fire Strike.

The pursuers split left and right as they caught the falling spear of fire. They circled around the cliff and increased their speed, narrowing the distance with Shirone's group.

-Damn! They're so persistent!

-Let me try.

Arin stretched out her tentacles and tried mind control.

Most of the pursuers resisted, but one fell for it. The warrior who was dominated by Arin swung his sword at his comrades, disrupting the pursuit line.

"These stupid kids!"

The captain who was watching from below snorted. He took a deep breath and roared at the cliff.

It was a schema technique called Howling.
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"Awoooooo!"

As the howling echo that spread over the cliff hit the magicians' minds, Norin's Aeos was released.

Shirone endured it with concentration. It was a skill that shook the mind itself like Ethela's Pama's scream.

Shirone cast teleportation on the falling Gardrak. He grabbed his body at the same time as Amy flew over and grabbed Clove's ankle.

He cast photonization magic to reset the inertia. As Shirone landed with Lian and Gardrak, his friends arrived on the ground one after another.

"Damn! Howling is always a problem. Nor doesn't match well with Kergo."

Gardrak made an excuse for losing face. Come to think of it, the master and disciple were not entirely different.

Then he suddenly wondered. He couldn't figure out why Shirone's party was fine when they were hit by the same howling.

"Hey, why are you guys okay?"

Sometimes it's more annoying to ask innocently. Canis said sarcastically with that feeling.

"How can we be okay? My head is ringing like crazy."

"But how did you cast magic?"

"Just endure it. If you're shaken by this much, don't call yourself a magician anywhere."

Unlike Norin, who borrows the power of nature, the magic of the land of earth is manifested by combining omnipotence and omniscience. It was undeniable that it was a more difficult way than ancient magic.

But that inefficiently refined concentration had the effect of strengthening their mental power.

In addition, there were many special ability users in Shirone's party.

Mental defense was a major for Arin, who specialized in mental power, and Amy was immune with her red-eye ability. Moreover, Shirone was known to have a diamond-like mental power that matched the effect of red-eye in terms of durability.

Clove landed with his face buried in a stream. Then he got up with an angry expression and looked at Amy.

"You! How dare you push me down?"

He couldn't tolerate Amy's cheeky attitude anymore. His temper was bad but it was also charming in its own way so he endured it, but he felt like a fake crawling up to his hair.

"I'll never let you go...!"

Clove stopped talking and felt a chill.

Amy's eyes glowed red. And from her expression looking at the pursuers, she felt cold like a ghost.

Amy said without even turning her eyes.

"Don't touch me during battle. I'll take care of your mischief later."

What are you trying to do by showing weakness when you're losing even if you win in momentum?

Amy grabbed Clove's back collar and pulled him in, and Clove's legs gave way and he bit his buttocks.

This time, Gardrak didn't have the mind to take care of his disciple and asked Amy.

"Is there any way?"

"I can't be sure, but I think I managed to match the time somehow. Shirone, is it over?"

"Yeah. It was close."

Gardrak tilted his head and asked back.

"What are you talking about? What's over?"

Shirone looked up at the sky. His spirit zone touched the sky in a twisted shape from a four-way target type. It took quite some time to transform because it was an independent form.

Shirone cast photonization magic on everyone without touching them. It was mass teleportation, a magic he realized by risking his life on an impassable bridge cliff.

"Hurry up and catch them! They're thinking of running away again!"

The captain of the pursuers pushed his men forward. And he took a deep breath and let out a howling.

The roar swept over Shirone's party. Gardrak and Clove frowned, but Diamond-like did not falter. It wasn't even noise compared to Marsha's sonic cannon.
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone calmly watched the captain as if to crush the enemies' morale, and cast mass teleport.

A bright flash swept up the party and lifted them to the top of the cliff where the spirit zone touched.

"Damn! The howling doesn't work!"

The captain of the pursuers gritted his teeth and cursed.
```

Is this translation satisfactory?
[Translated block]