


```text
[540] Such a problem (4)

As Marsha ran out of the engine room and ran through the tunnel, a roar of rage came from behind.

"I'll kill you!"

Marsha, who threw her body, hid herself between the rails and the platform.

'I stabbed him once.'

The parin daggers consumed so far are two.

Once materialized, the tattoo disappears and can be recreated after 24 hours.

'I have five left.'

She pushed her hand deep into her left thigh and pulled out another dagger.

The gas emission rate is 1% per minute, and it takes 100 minutes to completely exhaust it, but it was impossible to endure that time.

'I have to stab him at least twice more.'

If the emission rate is 3% per minute, even if it is saturated, it can be exhausted in 33 minutes.

As the tunnel flickered with an uneasy red light, Marsha hurriedly threw her body to the other side.

At the same time, a huge fireball smashed the train.

"Crazy...!"

Marsha, whose gallbladder was cold, ran up to the platform and ran through the complicated road.

"Do you think you can run away!"

Malta teleported to the platform.

But at that point, the gas emission stopped and the black smoke disappeared.

"What?"

The last trace of smoke he saw was turning around the corner, but he didn't dare to approach it.

'The wound is still there.'

Then it means applying out-of-specification.

Marsha was hiding under the escalator with magic temporarily suspended as Malta expected.

If you block the spirit zone, Parin's dagger disappears and the gas of desire stops emitting.

'Now four...'

One disappeared without even using it, but it was a result theory.

"Come out! You're so cowardly like a street rat!"

'He's talking nonsense.'

Malta proved that it was a provocation by protecting his body with passive magic and searching around with only the spirit zone.

'It increases the agility of counterattacks.'

As Marsha approached with teleportation and activated Parin's dagger, gas began to emit again.

As she rolled like a cat avoiding Malta's magic, she cut her ankle and passed by, creating a new wound.

'Did you pierce Earth Skin?'

Parin's dagger ignores physical defense.

"Kyaak!"

A powerful air press pinned Marsha to the floor.

The shock that seemed to break her spine came in, but in front of a burning fireball in Malta's hand, there was no time to feel pain.

A bang exploded, and Marsha tackled Malta's waist and got out of range.

'He can't cast range magic at this distance.'

A dagger stuck into Malta's side.

"Annoying girl!"

Malta punched Marsha's chin and grabbed her wrist and tore it off. Marsha turned her other hand behind her back and pulled out Parin's dagger from her hip bone.

"Yaaaaa!"

She stabbed his side like crazy with it, and four more cuts were added in an instant.

"Damn it!"

As Malta cast fire magic with resignation, a bang exploded and both flew to opposite sides.

"Huuuuuup..."

Marsha trembled with pain that seemed to melt her skin.

'That makes seven.'

If the gas emission rate is 7% per minute, Malta will be finished in about 10 minutes.

"Woooooo!"

It was a terrible thing for those who were suffering from black gas spewing from their whole body.

Malta's hellfire with all his might scorched the inside of the subway.

"Ha! Ha!"

Malta also guessed what out-of-specification ability was as he felt his strength drop over time.

'So that's what it was.'

Malta pushed harder as he thought he had no time, and finally cornered Marsha against a dead end wall.

"Die, foolish thing!"

Two huge fire pillars twisted like pretzels and gathered above Malta's head.

"Hoooorrrk!"

Then Malta's eyes widened and the magic disappeared.
```
[Translated block]


```
"Time's up."

Malta, who had exhausted all his gas of desire, collapsed weakly with a thud.

He felt no strength in his body, as if he had been running in the mountains all day.

"Kuk! How dare you... by someone like you..."

Marsha approached him, clutching her burned right arm. She glanced at Malta for a moment and then kicked his chin hard.

"Kuk!"

He fell over without any resistance and hit his head on the floor, losing consciousness.

"What are you doing with your hand off?"

Marsha sighed and dragged Malta to the engine room.

When the party returned, Marsha healed her burned area with Fermi's recovery magic.

She accused Malta of his deeds and Miro ordered Lian to bring out his wife who was locked in the room and kneel her in front of her husband.

"Honey! What's going on? Honey!"

Malta's mouth did not open, as it was embarrassing to say in front of his wife, even if it was fake.

"It seems that your husband has harbored a black heart towards our party. Did he have such a record in the past?"

The wife looked stunned as she heard Fermi's words.

"Honey. Is that true? Really... really you... that woman..."

Malta shouted with his eyes wide open.

"What are you doing now! Just kill me! I'm sick of living in this shitty world anyway!"

"That's not possible. This will be a good case."

Miro looked at Fermi and asked.

"What do you think?"

"Leave it to me. It's a good opportunity to see how Minority Concept combines information. I'll torture Malta and watch his wife's reaction. I'll also experiment with the opposite case."

"That won't do."

Lian opposed as if he didn't need to think about it.

"Why not?"

"It's cruel."

"Hahahaha!"

Fermi laughed as if it was ridiculous.

"Aren't you mistaken about something? I'm not trying to punish him. There's no law in this world anyway. It's just a good opportunity to predict Siro's condition."

"I've never thought about that. The important thing is, his wife is innocent."

"Then think about it. Don't be stupid."

Fermi tapped his head and said.

"We know this place is fake. That means we're in an 'open state'. On the other hand, Malta's wife is in a 'closed state'."

Only being trapped is true.

"The quality of information received depends entirely on what state you are in. Then what about Siro? She's in a 'closed state'. She's receiving meaningful information from this world. Therefore, she is likely to be different from the Siro we know in terms of personality and temperament."

Fermi pointed at Malta's wife.

"Even living with her husband, the information was not perfectly restored. Because she's trapped. So we have no choice but to give her a bigger shock than 'encounter'."

Fermi grabbed the wife's head with a tired expression.

"I'll take her to the room first. There I'll..."

He stopped talking as a sword suddenly came into his sight and turned his head coldly.

"No. No matter how I think about it, this is not right."

"......Are you really stupid? You're not a microbe, how can you think like a trapped state in an open state?"

"It's not a matter of state. It's that I can't tolerate myself hurting someone who's innocent, whether it's real or fake."

"It's troublesome if you're so uncooperative."

"I'll cooperate. I'll give my life to bring Siro back. So can't you trust me this time?"

Lian and Fermi stared at each other for a long time.

"Hoo."

Finally, Fermi raised both hands and backed away as if he had lost.

"Fine. You're really frustrating. Are you friends with Siro?"

"Siro is smart and cool. I'm sure more than you. But..."
```
[Translated block]


```text
Lian also picked up his greatsword.

"Shirone would have made the same decision as me."

There was a brief silence.

"Well, maybe you're right. I apologize for doubting your friendship."

Fermi, who was backing away, suddenly turned his body.

"But I'm not Shirone."

As Fermi cast an air cut spell from his hand, Malta's neck was cut off with a thud.

"Honeyyyyyy!"

Ignoring his wife's scream, Fermi grabbed Malta's hair and pushed his face close to his.

"Now, do you see? This is your husband's face. He died because of you. Do you remember anything now?"

"Kyaah! Kyaah!"

"You can scream as much as you want. But think about it. You are a fake. The real one is already dead."

"No, no! That can't be! I, I..."

His wife looked up at the ceiling with a shocked face.

"A vegetative state...?"

Fermi's eyes sparkled.

'This is it!'

As his wife lost consciousness and collapsed, Fermi muttered with a regretful look on his chin.

"A shock equivalent to death, or more. It's a very difficult thing, but at least..."

"You bastard!"

As Lian ran towards him with his greatsword, Marsha ran over and hugged his waist.

"Wait, Lian! Hold on!"

"Let go! Don't tell me you're on that kid's side?"

"I thought the same as you! But he already did it! Let's be rational! If we can't undo it, we'd better..."

"Ugh!"

Lian shook off Marsha and ran.

'Rational! Rational! Efficient! Efficient!'

The mage's words are always right.

But then what about these boiling emotions that seem to explode in my chest?

"I won't forgive you!"

As the greatsword fell towards Fermi, dozens of palms appeared like illusions and grabbed the blade.

As Miro stretched out both arms, Lian flew to the end of the living room and landed in a sword-wielding pose.

"What are you doing? If you're going to say something about being rational..."

"No. I understand your feelings very well. But there's something I want you to know. If you kill Fermi, Shirone will never come back."

"No. I will save Shirone."

"Then you should stop even more. Time is running out."

Lian lowered his sword and asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Even if Shirone's information is 100% restored, there's no guarantee that the signature on the contract will be valid, are you thinking that, Fermi?"

"Yes. The first thing I realized when I came here was that even in a virtual world, the avatar and the law are separated. So there are two reasons why we need to find Shirone as soon as possible."

Fermi raised two fingers.

"First, if Shirone is injured or killed, the recombination of information is impossible. This can be verified by killing Malta's wife."

Before Lian could retort, Fermi continued.

"But that possibility is very low. In fact, we don't have to look for him. Shirone will be found soon enough. I hate to admit it, but he's very quick at judging situations. He's the kind of guy who would build a sandcastle and live in it even if he was left in the desert."

That was something Lian had to agree with.

"Apocalypse's information will endlessly change Shirone. Because he's trapped. If it's a dangerous world, there's a good chance that magic will manifest. Maybe he'll even reach the stage where he can use magic just like in reality."

Marsha said.

"But even then, he's not the real Shirone."

"He'll be surviving while making the most of the situation. I would do that too. If he has some spare time, he might actively plot something. Anyway, we'll meet him eventually. But that's Apocalypse's Shirone."

"Hoo."

Fermi sighed as he looked at Lian.

"Do you get it now? Malta's wife is important information. If Shirone is perfectly reconstructed in Apocalypse, the only way is to make him realize that this place is fake. But that's crazy."
```
[Translated block]


Miro said.

"It's easy if you apply it to reality. We would never accept it if someone said that the real world is false."

Permi shrugged and said.

"Yes. That's the problem."
[Translated block]