


[472] The Awakening of the Human (2)

Flu, who was running through the alley avoiding the Kergo hunters, flinched at a powerful blow that pushed from the side.

The weapon of the Mecha tribe, the Signa, slammed into the ground, creating a shockwave that rose several meters high.

Flu was pushed back by the force and slammed into the wall of a building.

"Ugh! What is this?"

"Damn it. Am I unlucky?"

Clang. Clang.

The metallic sound pierced his eardrums like a sharp blade.

A man with a piper attached appeared, holding a sword and shield.

The immortal Raun.

He was 1,010 years old this year, and he had attained transcendence at the age of 450 and achieved perfect harmony with the machine at the age of 900.

"No, this is good in its own way. It's lucky that you're a woman."

Raun looked over Flu's appearance carefully and smiled wickedly.

He had enjoyed countless pleasures over the long years, but still, the most powerful desire for living beings was the reproduction of their species.

The concept of love, the feeling of affection, had faded for him. All that remained was the dry memory of pleasure in the back of his mind.

"What are you babbling about?"

Raun heard Flu's voice and tilted his head, then pressed the button on his piper.

His Mecha tribe's first-stage equipment was a personalized equipment that perfectly suited him, and its translation function was far superior to that of Yamaeng's.

"Oh, I see. You're a prickly woman. The kind of woman who doesn't submit to a man's touch."

As Raun's words were translated through the machine sound, Flu frowned.

On the other hand, Raun abandoned his polite appearance and revealed his face of extreme lust.

"That kind of woman is my specialty."

As Flu felt goosebumps on her body from Raun's emotions, bang! The floor broke and Raun's body bounced up.

Reflexively lowering his head, Flu saw Raun floating much higher than expected and sensed something bad.

'How can he do that?'

She had roughly grasped the Mecha tribe's combat system while working for the rebel command.

No piper could enhance its function like that.

It wasn't a matter of performance, but of human physique.

A piper was a muscle-assist device. If it had a function faster than nerve transmission speed, then just throwing a punch would pull out human joints.

But Raun's movements were breaking all common sense.

A perfect understanding of machines.

In fact, Raun's piper had a whopping 30 times more power than the devices used by the rebels.

It was a device that was impossible to handle without perfect integration of nerves and mind with machines.

Mega Smash!

As the powerful drive of the piper, transcendence, and Signa's amplified power matched, a shockwave erupted that seemed to blow away the whole building.

Flu, who had grasped the opponent's ability, also took out her Phoenix and fought with all her might.

Raun's acrobatics were so dazzling that he couldn't even predict his movements, but Flu was also not easy as a pro joiner.

She set up her Phoenix and dealt with it using Dorkins algorithm, and the buildings around her exploded into pieces.

'I can't lose in a place like this...!'

Flu clenched her teeth and tried her best to avoid the attacks.

The piper and Dorkins algorithm were common in that they were movements by others, but Raun's understanding of machines was beyond human limits.

Every time Signa's shockwave swept by, Flu's body swayed.

'That's quite an interesting skill.'

Raun quickly figured out Flu's ability.

It was based on Nor tribe's ability, but the logic inside was Mecha tribe's.

'They're imitations, so they're definitely mixed.'

Raun licked his lips with his tongue.

"That sounds fun."

Raun put his Signa on his waist and clenched his fist.

Electricity flowed from his spine and his fist glowed blue.

Electric Shockwave!
[Translated block]


```text
As he approached Flu and slammed his fist into the ground, a wave of electricity spread across a radius of 20 meters.

"Kruk!"

Flu, who could not cope with the wide-area attack with the Dorkins algorithm, immediately released the algorithm and entered a defensive stance.

Round pushed his body forward with explosive propulsion and lifted his fist.

Flu, who had overlapped the defensive magic air shield in front of him up to the available limit, covered his face with both arms.

Puff puff puff puff bang!

Round's fist easily penetrated the heavy air barrier and hit Flu's guard.

Flu's eyes shook with shock and he heard his left arm on the outside break.

Kwaaang!

When he came to his senses, he was rolling on the ground without even knowing how far he had flown.

"Huhuk!"

Flu stretched out his left arm, which was dangling, and stood up.

Round entered the building with a meaningful smile.

"If you hit your stomach, your intestines would have burst and you would have died."

Flu glared at Round fiercely, even though his body was shaking.

"But do you know why you guarded?"

A foretold ecstasy of pleasure rose on Round's face.

"I'll teach you from now on."

* * *

The inside of Paradise was being devastated by the combat power of the three.

Shirone in the diamond armor state was so strong that it was incomparable to when Armand was not there, but the cooperation of Murka and Dayna, the immortals, was also not easy.

Murka's divine transcendence was at a level that mortals could not achieve, and the power of magic from Dayna's mental transcendence was enough to make Shirone, who had experienced great battles, feel overwhelmed.

"Kakakak! What is this, such an easy opponent?"

Dayna scattered wind blades all over as if she had blended in with the air.

It was too fast to see anyway, but even if she saw it, it was too fast to see.

Murka swung his sword through the gaps in those wind blades.

There seemed to be nothing that could not be cut by divine transcendence, and Shirone was pushed back 100 meters in an instant.

The buildings where they had passed collapsed and proved the result of their terrible destructive power.

'This is a battle based on incarnation.'

Shirone realized a new fact from their battle.

He had met many strong people, but this was the first time he fought against an enemy who used incarnation.

They manifest power through will.

It was not a strengthening of power, but a power that changed the status of existence itself.

Humans are born as humans and decide everything within the scope of humans.

But those who learned incarnation are those who transcended the limits that humans can achieve.

If humans had 12 fingers, everything in the world would have changed perfectly, just as those who learned incarnation had a different sense of combat from humans from the beginning.

Thereby, countless variables occur, and depending on how they use them, their combat capabilities vary widely.

"Hahaha! You're completely scared. Did you think you could beat us mortals? The experience and proficiency of living are different!"

Murka spread his arms wide and ran like a person who had already won.

The moment he imagined cutting Shirone's neck, he saw a seat in the Tenro-kai executive in front of him.

The Tenro-kai, where only those with powerful power among immortals can enter, was a gathering of monsters incomparable to them.

The ten human leaders of Tenro-kai were people who had lived for at least 10,000 years or more, and the average age of executives was also over 3,000 years old.

He became an executive at just 1,000 years old.

All immortals will look up to him, and he will live a stronger and cooler life and exist forever in this world.

'It's not over yet!'

Shirone widened his eyes at Murka and Dayna running from left to right.

First, he restrained Dayna with Akamai and poured photon cannon at Murka.

Murka's face turned pale at the flash of power that was incomparable to before.
```
[Translated block]


```text
'Mental transcendence?'

Even he, who was a master of schema, could not see the beam of light clearly and it caused an afterimage.

It was as if Shirone had caused an explosion and everything around her flew away.

She swept all directions with a shotgun movement and then shot a laser that caused a huge explosion.

But what scared the two of them was not the explosion, but the heat that seemed to melt their flesh.

'What is this?'

Shirone realized that the enemy's counterattack was suddenly loosening and looked at them with a curious eye.

Unlike when she was enjoying herself as if she was practicing in real combat, they had serious expressions on their faces.

The biggest difference was their movements.

It was a battle that should have been fierce, but they were less active than before.

'I see.'

Shirone seemed to have found the solution and pushed the enemies more fiercely.

The expectation was accurate, and Murakawa and Dayna could not even think of counterattacking and were busy avoiding.

Finally, Shirone's photon cannon hit his side and Muraka flew away with an expression that his eyes would pop out.

Bang!

He hit the wall and did not even think of checking Shirone's position and healed his side with schema's regeneration.

Dayna retreated to the exit, which was far from the battle, and rolled her eyes as to what to do.

"You finally realized."

Shirone moved her steps slowly with Akamai floating.

And she looked down at Muraka, who was grinding his teeth, and said.

"You are weak."

* * *

In all the skies except for Lakia, where Shehakim and Gaold's party were, smoke was rising.

The integrated rebel command was breaking through the army of heaven and advancing little by little to Arabot, and as the distance shortened, the number of casualties increased.

When a giant titan broke down the wall of heaven, Guroi's unit advanced and poured bullets into everything they saw.

Giants above level 7 of Ilhwa's alcohol rushed in and knocked down the titan, and fairies destroyed Guroi with various magic.

The most casualties were infantry.

They only relied on pipers and magic, but they had the highest ratio of troops, but they also had a high probability of dying.

"Advance! Advance! Never back down!"

Their momentum did not break easily with anger at their comrades' deaths.

Kanya and Lena also repeated only advancing like people who had nowhere to retreat.

Tens of thousands died. That death, the number of annihilations that could not be calculated even in their heads, drove them all crazy.

Madness became a will and spit out at the enemies, and the corpses of the enemies became a will again to stimulate more anger in the rebels.

Whenever archangels, angels' maras appeared, the units stationed there were annihilated.

Babel was the only one who could gain an advantage in hand-to-hand combat, but she had her limits even though she was wandering around, and eventually half of the rebel forces died.

"Advance! Advance!"

All the soldiers shouted in unison and advanced.

Whether they really wanted to fight or not, whether they could reach their destination by going on like this, they just shouted mechanically as if they had already evaporated such thoughts.

It was indeed mechanical, but in a broad sense it was a very biological phenomenon.

It was a process of becoming one organism as they all felt an integrated mental system that presupposed one purpose while each individual's personality evaporated.

"Advance! Advance!"

The army of heaven felt a shiver for the first time.

How can this be? What makes them stick together?

The line of defense that should never be pushed back by objective numbers was retreating little by little.

'They are strong. They are strong.'

Those who commanded heaven finally realized it.

They were not fighting Lena or Kanya or Crud.

They were fighting a perfectly integrated organism, humans.
```
[Translated block]