


[609] 5 Major Prestigious Schools (2)

* * *

Shirone, who woke up sharply at 4 a.m., folded his blanket and got out of bed.

The darkness was still thick, but he could hear his classmates bustling in the hallway.

The sound of life seemed to break the silence of the night and invigorate his body.

Shirone, who bathed in warm water in the bathroom, stood in front of the mirror in his underwear.

'Should I have cut my hair?'

If you devote yourself to magic all day, nothing else matters except eating and sleeping.

'It starts now.'

Every time he buttoned his white shirt, he felt a new determination.

Arian Shirone (final ranking 27th in the graduating class).

Major: Photon Magic's God Particle Series.

Special Note: Immortal Function. Banya. Ataraxia. Elysion. Time destruction cognitive ability through Sibulsangpokmae.

'Should I reduce it one more step?'

Amy pulled the skirt button on her waist as far as she could.

She had lost more weight than a year ago, and even though she tucked her blouse in, her waist was tightly cinched like an ant's.

'Second graduation test.'

She had been desperate for a year when she failed last year.

'I did my best.'

Time eventually comes.

The days when she had been training desperately every day finally came with a sense of pleasure.

'I couldn't have been more perfectly prepared.'

Still, the pass rate is one in three.

Looking at the top of the still distant pyramid, Amy tied her hair with a headband in her mouth.

Carmis Amy (final ranking 4th in the graduating class).

Major: Fire Series Sniper.

Special Note: Jack O Lantern. Using the Spirit's Battery for Fine. Hongan's self-backup ability. Power enhancement through Sammae.

Tick, Fermi, who buttoned the sleeve of his suit with a sound, looked at himself in the mirror.

He always wore a suit, so it didn't feel awkward.

'It's time to quit the student business this year.'

It was unreasonable to expect a large profit from the school now that even the Gold Wheel Group had been disbanded.

'It's time to go now, Mom.'

The huge sum of money received as a reward for extracting Valhalla Action will be transformed into numerous high-level magics and will be shown in the graduation test.

Fermi winked at himself in the mirror.

"Neat, isn't it?"

It was time for the big fish that had been crouching under the surface of the school to go to the big water.

Arduino Fermi (final ranking 1st in the graduating class).

Major: Non-regulation formula.

Special Note: Ability to collect magic through depreciation trading.

"That's it."

Arin put a badge of Alpheus Magic School on Canis's suit.

As if it had been soaked in clothes, the magic creature Harvest revealed its shadow and stood up.

"Kkkk, I thought I was going to die waiting. Are we finally leaving this boring school?"

"You can't feel bored."

"That's what they say. I really stayed in this school for over a year. If Arcane heard it, he would have beaten the ground and wailed."

'Master.'

Canis remembered the face of the Dark Magic Authority, the Great Magician Arcane.

The end was not good, but thanks to him, he had a chance for a new life.

Canis (final ranking 12th in the graduating class).

Major: Physical series of dark magic.

Special Note: Disciple of the Great Magician Arcane. Decoding of light and darkness. Subjugation of the magic creature Harvest.

"Yes, we will definitely pass. Both of us."

At Canis's words, Arin smiled with her eyes.

She always wore cheap clothes, but she was surprisingly mature and beautiful in a neat uniform.

"You look cool, Canis."

"You're pretty too. But... how do I look cool?"

Arin laughed with her head tilted.

"That's a secret."

Arin (final ranking 8th in the graduating class).

Major: Mental series of dark magic.
[Translated block]


Special Note: Disciple of the Archmage Arcane. Deciphering of light and darkness. Extreme mental assimilation that understands the essence of form through superlight.

"Shirone, are you ready?"

Iruki's voice followed the knock.

"Yeah. I'm going out now."

When the door opened, neatly dressed Iruki and Nade were waiting.

"Oh, it's cool?"

Of course, it was the first time for Shirone, Iruki, and Nade to wear uniforms according to the association regulations.

"You too. People look different."

Certainly, Iruki's face was strange enough for others to feel, but now it looked like a personality.

"Current time 4:50:32. Let's go. The time to open the long-distance space magic circle at the association is only one hour."

Mercurydain Iruki (final ranking of the graduating class 5th).

Major: Explosion series of explosion magic.

Special Note: Servant Syndrome. High-speed explosion equation calculation. Cancellation. Nuclear fusion that fused the double spirit zone.

"Yeah."

Shirone looked back at Nade as she left the door.

"But... will you be okay?"

Oscar is working at the Magic Association Creas Branch.

Meeting him at a time when the wounds of the heart have not yet healed was poison to Nade.

"It's okay. It's already over."

Nade was smiling, but she couldn't hide her bitter expression.

West Nade (final ranking of the graduating class 21st).

Major: Lightning series of electric magic.

Special Note: Application of alchemy magic engineering. Controllable magic assimilation in certain situations.

'But I've raised it to 21st.'

It was possible because all five participants in the Scramble Royal, excluding Anchar, dropped their rankings below Nade.

Also, as a result, the rankings of students who were in the lower ranks also rose significantly.

'It's messed up. Honestly, if this happens, the ranking may be meaningless.'

Even when they arrived at the assembly place, the west was dark, but the students who arrived one after another turned on the lighting magic, so the location was easily identified.

"You came out early?"

Amy came up with her hand.

The friends who were about to greet each other could not speak for a while in the adult atmosphere that they could not see before.

"What? Why are you looking at me like that? You're the same."

Amy was also awkward.

"It's a uniform assembly. This Magic Association president is also a weirdo."

Cayden came up.

After the Golden Wheel was disbanded, the only person he could talk to was Amy.

"Huh? But you...?"

Amy, who turned around Cayden, discovered the cross sword on her waist and pointed it out.

"It's a symbol of the family. I always have to carry it."

Shirone asked.

"But didn't the official letter say that you can't carry any equipment at all? So I also took out the cubic?"

When Cayden lifted the cross sword and cast a spell, the blade shone brightly and disappeared.

"Alchemy?"

Nade immediately noticed.

"I didn't use it because it was annoying last year, but now I have a reason to leave school."

When Cayden made a cross sword again by reshaping the metal, Amy looked at it with interest.

"You're good. When did you learn?"

"This morning. Of course, it was easy."

"I'm annoyed. Should I kill you?"

Amy, who was saying her thoughts out loud, but Cayden just laughed.

Cross Cayden (final ranking of the graduating class 26th).

Major: Magic Swordsman.

Special Note: The law of the Red Cross. 100% potential in all areas through sacrifice.

"Hello, senior!"

Mark's voice woke up the silence of dawn.

"Yeah. How do you feel?"

"It's the best. There's no tension at all."

Mark's aggressiveness, which was felt on the bridge that could not be crossed, was recognized, and that's why he challenged the graduation exam.

"Yeah, let's work hard. And since it's a graduating class, you can remove the title of senior."
[Translated block]
 29th).

Major: Strike series of Earth Magic.

Special note: Sad's disciple. Gambler. Aggressive without taboo.

'Well, there must have been a plan.'

Having nothing to lose was a big psychological weapon.

Moreover, Mark had Maria, the only one in the graduation class who majored in healing magic.

"Maria, you too, cheer up."

"Thank you. Actually, I'm not confident......"

Her gentle personality was the same, but she was different from her old self, who activated the mechanism of the bridge that could not be crossed and trembled in fear.

"I've grown up too."

Erlang Maria (Final rank in the graduation class: 30th).

Major: High-speed activation series of healing magic.

Special note: Sad's disciple. The longest student in the advanced class, capable of using high-level magic in each series.

"Dante is coming."

Everyone turned their heads at someone's words.

The designation was for Dante, but it included Sabina and Closer, who transferred to the Royal Magic School together.

Closer, who confirmed the assembly place, turned his head.

"......How was it, Alpheus Magic School?"

Dante looked at the dawn sky and recalled the journey of a year and a half.

"I thought it was funny at first."

Then he lost to Shirone in the two thousand battles and waited for the day of redemption.

"The competition was fiercer than I expected."

It was an average of 3.8 times higher than other prestigious schools.

"But well...... I don't think there was anything special. It was just as boring."

Airhain Dante (Final rank in the graduation class: 2nd).

Major: Information series of photon magic.

Special note: Olivia's disciple. Genius information entropy analysis ability (capable of calculating the information entropy of each individual in an ant group). Operation of integrated information processing system Pascal.

When Dante arrived, Boyle rolled his eyes.

"What's the matter? You, who are so sensitive to fashion, strictly follow the rules. Even the world's Dante is scared to go to the association?"

Dante looked up and down Boyle's outfit.

He had neatly combed hair with pomade, and he was wearing a suit that fit his plump body perfectly.

"Originally, this kind of outfit is not supposed to be decorated. Shall we say it's a face-to-face battle?"

Boyle's face turned red in the face-to-face battle.

"Hmph, let's see if you can be confident after the exam. If you think the summoning beast you've shown so far is all, you're mistaken."

Chris Boyle (Final rank in the graduation class: 17th).

Major: Beast series of summoning magic.

Special note: Special affinity for beast species. Possession of 18 kinds of summoning beasts.

'Of course, that would be the case.'

Considering that he was the top student in the advanced class until Shirone came, he must have hidden some secret summoning beasts.

Meanwhile, Mark kept his eyes on Closer.

'How dare you give me the finger?'

When Dante's group just transferred, he was hit by Closer's cowardly move and woke up even in his sleep.

'And that too, in front of Maria.'

Closer noticed his gaze and bared his teeth.

"Hey, how do you feel? You've finally become a graduation class you've been looking forward to? Of course, it's a three-day thousand."

"We're on the same boat anyway."

"Hehe, even if it's the Earth series, you and I are different levels."

"Do you want to know a secret? The reason I chose the Earth series is to beat you."

Closer's eyes bulged out.

"Then I'll make a prophecy. You will be the worst dropout in the graduation exam. Because I'll make it that way."

Bonifart Closer (Final rank in the graduation class: 15th).

Major: Earth series of earth magic.

Special note: Olivia's disciple. Capable of soil plasticity, a kind of alchemy.

'Phew, macho smell.'

Regardless of the two fist-fighting leaders, Sabina approached Nade as soon as she arrived at the assembly place.

"Hello?"

No one seemed to notice, but she alone knew that Nade's atmosphere had subtly changed.
[Translated block]


Victor Sabina (Final rank 14th in the graduating class).

Major: Air Magic's Blow series.

Special note: Olivia's handmade. Air dynamics control possible using the Press series.
[Translated block]