


[470] And again (3)

The Hall of Corruption entered Gaoold's eyes.

The moment he saw the figure of Miro standing on the wall, his heart was engulfed by a huge black smoke that covered the world.

"Come in! Block them at the entrance!"

Fire giant elite soldiers blocked the entrance of the bridge.

They were all over seven meters tall and wore heavy armor.

When a giant who charged in a line swung his huge sword, the bridge shook.

Gaoold flew into the sky and used a powerful air press.

Boom!

The power of the air press exerted by a magician with 2 million times of mental power was a force that even the giants who boasted the strongest combat power had never experienced before.

"Krrrrk!"

But the giants held on.

It was possible because they had transcendent physical abilities beyond the fifth stage of Ilhwa's alcohol, as well as five layers of schema, and excellent skills that used folding and crossing.

'Is this where the real thing starts?'

Sein, who had knocked down Tiara and came late, felt a sense of crisis at the situation where Gaoold's power was thwarted for the first time.

Miro, who was watching from afar on the wall, also knew that it was a desperate situation.

Literally, the strongest unit in hell.

'There's no chance of winning like this.'

It wasn't just warriors who attacked Gaoold.

Various fire techniques ran rampant on the bridge, as befits the fire giant race that uses its own magic.

"Let's go!"

Gaoold entered the crowd of giants and ran around the battlefield.

Air guns spewed out from all sides, and holes were drilled in the giant's armor.

The air that became solid like a solid with extreme atmospheric pressure was no longer something that could be called a bullet.

Sharp air like a spear several meters long spread out in all directions, piercing through and through the giant's body.

"Grab him! If we hit him once, we can win!"

No matter how powerful Gaoold was, he was basically a magician.

If the giant's attack hit him even once, he would fall into a state of combat incapacity in an instant.

But Gaoold's true colors were from now on.

He wasn't given the title of the strongest combat magician in Thor Mia Kingdom just by force alone.

The skills he honed by enduring all kinds of pain for 20 years permeated his body perfectly and began to move in the most appropriate way to respond even in a situation where he lost his reason.

He dodged enemy attacks and swung his hand, and sharp air cutters cut through space.

The bodies of giants with muscles stronger than steel were sliced up, and corpses with no schema were crushed by air pressure and sprayed into particles of blood.

It was fireworks done with living bodies.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Giants exploded everywhere and the density of the bridge became loose.

"Krrrrrrr!"

Gaoold clenched his teeth so hard that his teeth broke and eliminated his enemies.

Sein's party, who had just entered the bridge, could not think of any means and just stared blankly.

'Is that Gaoold...'

Armin erased all images of Gaoold he had vaguely imagined before coming to heaven.

Pain, the most extreme control measure for living things.

Any desire naturally fades away in front of that pain.

But Gaoold chose pain.

For desire.

It was a decision that ignored the basics of living things, and therefore it was madness that only humans possessed.

'Human...'

Armin realized why everyone here followed him.

They didn't come to heaven just to save Miro or to stop the final war.

They followed Gaoold to see how far one human could transcend humanity.

"Kraaaaaa!"

Gaoold pushed back the giants with an enormous atmospheric pressure.

Air pressure alone could not blow up a giant in perfect condition, but his momentum converted all his inertia into mental power and pushed back all the mass of the giants.
[Translated block]


"Krrrrrrrrr!"

The giants gathered at the last gate were definitely strong.

They were desperately pushing forward, but they had only advanced about 1 kilometer.

The dense formation was advantageous for blocking the charge, which meant that the enemies also knew that this place would be the Maginot Line.

"Those bastards......"

Gaold glared at the front with a terrifying eye.

It was not directed at anyone, but at the whole world.

"From the beginning...... I shouldn't have relied on you."

If he had not depended on a transcendent being and honed his own strength completely.

Maybe, just maybe, he could have avoided sending Miro.

It was an assumption he could make because he had endured the extreme skills that transcended humanity for 20 years.

"Concentrate more! We can't fall back here!"

As the giants blocking Gaold's atmospheric pressure shouted, the giants behind them crowded together.

The weight ratio of Gaold and the giant unit had already exceeded 1 to 1,000, but even so, the ones who retreated were the giant unit.

"This, this......!"

Gaold raised his strength even more.

Slowly, slowly. That's all he had to do to get closer to Miro.

"I hate you."

Gaold's mind became a body larger than a giant and pushed the world forward.

"You said you could give me everything......"

He gave nothing, and its name was God.

Thud! Thud! Thud!

The heat of extreme skill rose from Gaold and his clothes began to burn.

Numerous scars that could not be engraved without blind abuse were embroidered on his skin covered with muscles.

"Stop him! Don't back down!"

The giants standing in front shouted.

And with that last word, their bodies burst under pressure.

"Kuku. Kukuku."

A hollow laugh came out of Gaold's torn mouth. His black heart was also laughing.

He heard a voice mocking the world and ridiculing God.

'Well, there's nothing to hate or not hate. After all, from the beginning......'

Gaold's expression twisted and the atmospheric pressure that pushed the giants forward turned into a sharp blade and exploded at once.

'You never existed!'

Booooooooom!

Dozens of giants turned into flesh and scattered, and a path opened up.

Once he started to accelerate, there was nothing that could stop Gaold again.

He tore through and ripped apart the mountain of flesh and finally crossed half of the bridge.

The giant magicians gathered their energy at the end of the bridge to try a final blow, and the heat distorted the landscape like a whirlwind.

'God is......!'

Gaold had no choice but to charge like a creature and pushed his head forward and raised his strength.

His mind collided with the flames that the giant magicians were spewing out as a huge flame.

Kuaaaaaaaaaaang!

The unimaginable explosive sound was clearly conveyed to Miro even 6 kilometers away.

Miro closed one eye and turned his head.

The hot wind from Gaold was pushing in here too.

Thump thump.

The sound of his heart beating faster.

Maybe......

Maybe he really could make it here.

"Kraaaaaa!"

As he got out of the bridge and the density of the giants decreased, Gaold charged like crazy.

He was getting closer bit by bit.

"Go! Gaold! Goooooo!"

Sain's voice reached him even in his lost reason.

The distance to Miro, 6 kilometers.

"All troops, move out!"

As Surtr gave the order, all the giants began to charge towards Gaold.

At the forefront was Uriel's triangular Mara Shiva.

'Foolish human......'

Shiva held Unwol Sword in both hands and charged towards Gaold.

The powerful atmospheric pressure collided first, but his power of destruction tore apart the air and narrowed the distance.
[Translated block]


"Aaaah!"

As Gaold and Shiva's powerful demonstration unfolded, the other giants scattered in all directions, looking for an opportunity.

It was a matter of course that anyone who approached Gaold, who had pierced the bridge with a single body, would miss a decisive chance and turn into a bubble.

No one used explosive skills, but everything around them exploded as they moved.

The anomaly of Gaold, who actually collided with his body, exceeded Shiva's imagination.

Even though he was a three-cornered Mara, he was a descendant of Uriel, the Archangel of Destruction.

It was the first time in his life that he was pushed back by a mere human.

'No, it's not a matter of pride.'

Shiva acknowledged Gaold.

He is not human.

He couldn't define exactly what he was, but he was someone who was changing from human to something non-human.

"You are not lacking as my rival!"

Shiva pushed Gaold with all his strength, and the more he did, the more Gaold's combat power increased.

Miro is over there.

His intuition reached its highest point in history, and every time Unwol-do cut his skin, his brain felt like it was tearing apart.

"Kraaaaaa!"

Gaold advanced by crushing the vast space with atmospheric pressure.

He didn't even have the thought of knocking down Shiva in his mind.

He just goes on. Towards Miro.

A slight anxiety began to creep into the minds of everyone watching from the wall.

The distance to Miro was now only one kilometer.

'Go!'

Gaold raised his intuition even more.

Kuuuuuuuuu!

The solid ground was crushed by his energy and sank down, forming a huge crater.

The distance to Miro, 500 meters.

Shiva clenched his teeth and attacked with all his might.

Every time he swung Unwol-do at a speed that was invisible to the eye, a strong wind blew, and the wind bounced off Gaold's atmospheric pressure and spread in all directions.

Kururururung! Kururururung!

Wherever Shiva's sword wind bounced off, dust rose up and giant scars over 40 meters in diameter were engraved on the ground.

The distance to Miro, 100 meters.

'Go. Go to Miro!'

Gaold bit his tongue like a demon and screamed.

"Keeeeeeee!"

He worshipped God, hated God, and finally erased him from existence.

"Keeeeeeee!"

He overcame all the criticism and ridicule of the world and came to this place.

"Keeeeeeee!"

He finally arrived.

The damn 20 meters that never narrowed down, those 20 meters were now right in front of him.

'Now.'

Shiva's eyes flashed brightly.

The only gap that occurred in the perfect Gaold.

A very extreme event that could cause a change in thought at 20 meters, Shiva's Unwol-do slashed Gaold's belly.

"Kraaaaaaak!"

As his intuition soared, the physical shock became an immense pain that pierced Gaold's brain.

"Push them all!"

"Grarrrrrrrr!"

The giants roared and clung to Gaold all at once.

Gaold hurriedly regained his senses, but he couldn't cope with the giants who were pushing in with their flesh power.

No matter how much he trained, the giants' strength crushed Gaold terribly, and the more he did, the more intense the pain became.

'I hate you... I hate you!'

A scene from 20 years ago flashed through Gaold's mind.

Just like then, Miro was leaving him.

'I'll kill you! I'll mock your name, curse you, and erase you from the world!'

Only hatred for God arose in him.

The madness of humans who desire what they cannot have, who resent, hate, and even kill God who does not exist....

'Miro....'

Gaold looked at the wall through the flesh of the giants.

He wanted it so badly.

It was so urgent and so much he wanted it to be his own.

'Miro....'

Gaold's right hand stretched out toward Miro trembled.
[Translated block]


'O God......'

And so, once again, humans sought God.

'Why, why can't it be done? After suffering so much, why can't it be done?'

Distance to the maze, 150 meters.

'I don't care if I live forever in the hellfire. Please, just her... just her...'

Distance to the maze, 200 meters.

"Push him back! More, more!"

Gaold spat out a mouthful of blood.

He was angry and frustrated that all his efforts had turned into nothing, and the lump of anger that boiled in his guts surged up.

"Huuuuuuk! Huuuuuuk!"

Shiva penetrated through the giants' bodies and glared at Gaold, who was sobbing.

'He must die here.'

Gaold stared blankly at the sky, unaware of the sharp blade piercing his heart.

The day before the trial of 20 people, the voice of the maze thundered in his head.

-Then save him.

"Huuuuuuuuuuu!"

Gaold's whole body shivered with nerves and unleashed a tremendous force.

A sea of fire spread to the end of the landscape, and his black heart roared in a shape that was so huge that it could swallow the world.

"Kraaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Resonance.

10 million times.

Kukukukukukukukukung!

Everything that surrounded Gaold poured down like rain.

The ground shook and swayed like waves, and the giants in front of him were bitten by the teeth of the cracked earth and buried under the ground.

"Kuuuuuuu! Huuuuuu!"

Gaold writhed in pain. He stomped his legs and shook his limbs.

"Block him from approaching!"

Finally, Surtr, the highest prosecutor of hell, jumped out from the wall.

Gaold flailed his arms around and rushed toward the wall.

Distance to the maze 100 meters. 80 meters. 50 meters.

"Woaaaaaaa!"

As Surtr swung his sword of fire, Gaold reached out his right hand.

Kuuuuuuung!

The air shield wrapped around his body blew away the fire, and Surtr's eyes were filled with horror.

"This, this..."

The moment he looked at his sword that was left with only a hilt, Gaold swung his hand.

Puck! Surtr's body exploded and disappeared without a trace.

Distance to the maze, 20 meters.

"I'll kill you!"

The giants who lost their leader charged with fury.

But their fury was nothing but a bubble in front of Gaold's hatred.

Bang! Pupupupupupang!

All the giants on the ground died.

The only one left was Urotas, the vice-commander of the giant magicians, but he was already too scared to dare to go down from the wall.

"Ha! Ha!"

Gaold walked under the wall where there was no one to stop him.

6 meters. 4 meters. 2 meters.

Miro looked down at Gaold coming with an emotionless face.

His body covered in blood looked much stronger than 20 years ago and was covered with countless scars.

And finally, Gaold stopped in front of the wall and looked up at Miro with his head tilted vertically.

Distance to the maze.

"Ha! Ha!"

None.

(End of Volume 19)
[Translated block]