


[480] Direct Pointing (2)

'You can never win?'

Shirone ignored Mirka's words.

The reason she could be fine even after being hit by a photon cannon was probably because she used a fairy's irregular form, and so she thought that her words now were not just a bluff.

'What the hell is it?'

Shirone fired another homing photon cannon.

As expected, Mirka did not dodge, and the photon cannon exploded with a powerful impact sound.

Shirone realized a new fact at the sight of Mirka, who was slightly smiling.

She didn't block it.

She was immune to the attack itself.

"Then can you withstand this too?"

Shirone shot a more powerful laser with magic amplification.

No matter how durable the material is, it cannot withstand the laser that causes molecular vibration forever, but this time too, Mirka was just receiving the magic without any shaking.

Only then did Shirone stop attacking.

'It's awkward.'

Mirka's irregular form was a very simple but powerful ability that she could not understand the activation principle of.

"Invincible... is that it?"

Mirka nodded obediently.

"That's right. You are weaker than me, so you can never beat me."

Mirka's irregular form, the razor of truth, is activated by receiving the first attack with clear intent to kill from the opponent.

When the ability is activated, a comparison of superiority between the two targets begins, and if you win there, you become invincible and unaffected by any attack from the opponent.

The comparison of superiority is based on the existence of the avatar, not on measurable values, and there is no way to reverse the invincible state because the razor of truth completely eliminates all irregularities and variables that can occur in battle.

In practice, it is a rule that the winner is stronger, but Mirka's irregular form twisted it into a concept of pure strength, that is, that the strong win.

To establish this powerful concept, there must be a strict equivalent exchange as a price, and if Mirka goes out of sight, the judgment is canceled, and even if she keeps it in sight, the maintenance time is only about 30 minutes at best.

But perhaps the most risky price was having to wait in an unarmed state for the first attack with clear intent to kill.

If Mirka lost in the comparison of superiority, she would not only be attacked, but the razor of truth would reverse and make the opponent invincible against her.

That is, if you meet an enemy who is inferior in pure avatar power, you are almost 100 percent waiting for death and defeat.

A fatal condition that balances quite well as an equivalent exchange for implementing an extreme state of invincibility.

But Mirka never doubted her ability.

And she was currently ranked third in the 72nd rank of fairies.

"Shall we start?"

Mirka attacked Shirone without any roughness.

Irregular form-submission law.

Another irregular form linked to the razor of truth was activated.

As Mirka quickly dug into Shirone's vital point, a thud sound was heard and a tremendous shock spread throughout her body.

'How?'

Shirone had doubts even in the midst of having difficulty breathing.

The skin of Ringer's mineral species was not applied.

It was also too powerful a physical force to be called fairy power.

'This is also an ability.'

Shirone's guess was correct.

The submission law that activates when Mirka wins in comparison with the razor of truth can neutralize all attacks from the opponent and push away all forces generated by recoil.

That is, it is a hit with twice as much critical damage, and Mirka's melee attack in an absolutely invincible state was a shock that Shirone could not bear as if she were bare-skinned.

Mirka continued to attack Shirone with melee attacks.
[Translated block]


As she faced Shiro, her body was invincible, so her attacks were not harsh.

As she received the impact of hitting a heavy rock, a thought flashed through Shiro's mind.

I can't win.

Having experienced many irregularities, various options that seemed like perversions came to mind.

Among them, there was a correct answer that she might be able to escape if she got out of sight, but that was not the point.

She was a fairy of the second rank among the 72 ranks.

If she didn't have a strength that surpassed the incarnation of other fairies from the time she lived, the razor blade of truth was an ability that she couldn't win in the first place.

When Mirka tied Shiro's feet, countless fairies followed and poured out all kinds of magic.

Most of the shocks were blocked by Arman if they were not Mirka's attacks, but there was a limit to any defense against continuous attacks.

'The problem is irregularity.'

An ability that blocks variables that occur during combat at the source.

It was almost a nemesis for Shiro, who had defeated stronger opponents with powerful insight and improvisation.

"This is the end."

Mirka fell vertically and attacked Shiro's abdomen with a meat bullet.

"Kuk!"

She heard the sound of her abs tearing and couldn't breathe.

The sky darkened from the edge and two-thirds of her vision turned into darkness.

"Now is the time! Pour it all out!"

Arman, who resonated with the consciousness of the sorcerer, tended to function less as Shiro's consciousness weakened.

The fairies who confirmed that the tentacles were stretched like watered grass poured out all their magic.

They intended to completely cut off their consciousness, and their lives would be extinguished before they even fell to the ground.

The fairies' total attack came through the narrowed vision.

Looking at the colorful magic that was rampant, Shiro squeezed out her last strength.

Judicial Wheel-Balhalla Action.

The wheel rotated and instantly calculated one magic.

Judicial Wheel-Super Magic Amplification Array Ataraxia.

As a huge wheel spread out in front, the fairies who were heading towards Shiro screamed in shock and clutched their heads.

The only one who could see it was Mirka, who had already become invincible.

"This..."

She saw Ataraxia, which was accumulated as soon as it was born, and shouted at the fairies around her.

"Everyone get away!"

The photon cannon passed through Ataraxia and created a huge flash that filled the sky completely.

Its power swept away all the magic that was pouring down, and the fairies trapped in the radius evaporated in an instant like flies burned by fire.

"Kruk!"

There were no fairies left except Mirka after the flash disappeared.

Mirka looked around for Shiro, who had disappeared from her sight, and clenched her teeth in resignation.

Ataraxia, Archangel Ikael's trademark.

Even though she knew it was an invincible state, she couldn't take any action and waited because of the instinctive fear that was located at the starting point of her mind rather than her ability.

'There's no way she's alive. She fell from this height...'

She wanted to think so, but she couldn't be sure.

"Find her. Don't ever stop searching until you chop up her corpse."

All the surviving fairies rushed to the ground at Mirka's command.

It was even more annoying that where they were flying was Whale Valley, which is known as the most rugged place in Shehakim.

'I should have finished it for sure.'

It wasn't just a little bit of damage to the face of the third-ranked fairy.

Anyway, it was a past event, so Mirka quickly folded her regrets and flew quickly after her subordinate fairies.

'Let's get it together. You can't lose consciousness.'

As she fell into the valley below, Shiro tried her best to keep her mind up.

It was an incredible concentration that she created in a situation where she was almost dead if she was an ordinary person.

If she only kept her consciousness, Arman would heal her to some extent even if she fell.
[Translated block]


But if he lost his mind here, no one could guarantee what would happen next.

Thud! Thud!

He didn't feel any pain.

Only a dull impact hit Shiro's back of the head.

Shiro, who collided with the cliff of the valley, bounced off and hit his head on the opposite wall again.

Shiro, who was bleeding from his forehead with his eyes closed.

The situation was only 500 meters away from the ground.

If he fell headfirst, it was obvious that his neck would break.

Then, a fairy flew to Shiro at a terrifying speed, avoiding the sharp rocks of the valley.

It was Peope, the fairy of the spiral.

"Eek!"

She grabbed Shiro's robe and pulled it up with all her strength, but the inertia of the fall was too strong.

She tried to use the magic of the spiral to disperse the gravity, but it only slowed down the speed.

"Ugh!"

Feeling the pain of her shoulder bone popping out, Peope clenched her teeth.

Thud!

As Shiro crashed to the ground, her body bounced off and rolled on the floor.

But she didn't have time to feel the pain, she flew to Shiro.

"Shiro! Shiro!"

She panicked when he was unconscious and motionless, and quickly put her ear to his chest.

Thump thump.

His heart was beating faintly.

It would stop soon, but she felt a bit of relief.

"Oops, this is not the time."

It was only a matter of time before they were exposed when the other fairies started searching for the whale's valley.

She looked around and found a cave that could barely fit one person, and dragged Shiro there.

"Whew, this should be fine for a while."

She wiped her sweat and stared blankly at Shiro's face, who was asleep like dead.

The reason she was able to track him down here was because she didn't see Ataraxia.

Somehow... she knew what Shiro was going to do.

"Of course."

Peope smiled sadly.

"We're friends."

Did he know that she wanted to choose Shiro over her inner government?

Did he understand that she had to choose the opportunity to rise from the youngest of the 72 ranks of fairies who were despised to a middleman?

"Shiro, I..."

Her eyes moistened as she chose her words.

"I've changed since I met you."

She didn't say she loved him.

No matter how pure her words were, if she knew that it was an act of throwing her heart away, she wouldn't have done it.

She learned more emotions from the high fairies.

The more she did, the more her words became like a spectrum that passed through a prism, spreading into a rainbow of natural colors with various attributes that shimmered in her heart.

"But I don't regret my choice."

Choosing her inner government was a good thing.

"Egilin said that humans and fairies can't love each other. Because I..."

Peope smiled brightly, sublimating her sorrow that seemed to explode her chest into laughter.

"I'm too small."

But her voice was locked and hot tears were endlessly flowing from her big eyes.

Armand's diamond armor was released and turned into a form of a magic sword.

His consciousness was completely cut off.

Shiro's body had no place to heal.

There were bruises where his bones were broken, and even his organ functions were dying towards death.

Peope looked at him pitifully and flew to his face.

And she knelt under his chin and caressed his cheek.

They didn't spend much time together, and they couldn't say they knew anything about him either.

But there was no more regret because she had already thrown it away.

"I'm sorry, Shiro."

She closed her eyes and kissed his lips, and Peope's body began to burn with a bright light.

It was an act of pouring out all her life span and concentrating it into one life force.

"I love you."

With a concept that she realized more clearly than a year ago, Peope threw her heart at Shiro once again.
[Translated block]