


[361] Magic Association (7)

"Yes. That's exactly why you came here. Then first... Huh?"

Gaold looked back at Gando and Flu, who were standing like broomsticks. He, who had been lost in thought for a while, spoke in a puzzled voice.

"Why are you guys here? Don't you know this is a level 1 security zone?"

"Ah, that's..."

Gando hesitated and Gangnan sighed.

'He lost his memory again.'

Shirone was a key resource that could bring a revolutionary change to this project. Even though he didn't show it, Gaold was also quite excited, as he could tell.

"Go back. We have something to do quietly by ourselves."

"Yes, I understand."

As Gaold waved his hand like shooing a fly, Gando walked awkwardly to the elevator. Even he, who was in charge of a key role in Gaold's personal guard, had no choice but to follow the order.

But Flu was still there.

'I've been with you all along. You brought me here, Mr. President.'

She knew that Gaold had lost his memory, but that didn't soothe her hurt feelings. Didn't he still remember Shirone, whom he met for the first time just 10 minutes ago?

"Flu, what are you doing? Let's go up."

Gando spoke in a worried voice, but Flu was stubborn.

She had been acting as Gaold's personal guard for over two years and had performed countless missions. She couldn't do this to herself.

"Please let me stay here."

Gaold, who was walking towards Shirone, stopped abruptly. Something abnormal was quietly swirling in his eyes as he slowly turned his head.

"What did you just say?"

Flu shouted louder with determination.

"Please let me stay here! We are also your subordinates who assist you, Gaold!"

Gando shook Flu's shoulder with a pale face.

"What's wrong with you, Flu? Are you crazy?"

Flu wasn't calmly standing her ground either. Her heartbeat was transmitted to her ribs and her eyes were filled with fear as she looked up at the ceiling.

"Hehehe, hehehehe."

Gaold bent his knees and hunched his neck like a beast looking at its prey. A haze of heated air rose from his shoulders and head.

"Flu."

"Yes, yes!"

"I've never been involved in an assault case since I became the president of the Magic Association. Do you know why?"

Flu slowly lowered her gaze and looked at Gaold. She felt a terrifying fear as if her heart stopped when she saw his face tearing up grotesquely.

"One hit and they all die."

Gando gasped and backed away.

'Oh no! It's started.'

Flu's vision went dark and then a hellish scene of burning sulfur unfolded. She wanted to tear off her ears from the horrible scream of the jaws that scratched her brain.

"Ah, ah..."

Flu's pupils rolled up involuntarily. Her knees shook like a dog being beaten with a club, and her tears burned her face like blood.

'I'm scared...!'

She felt like she would do anything if she could get out of this moment. But that was a betrayal of Gaold. It was everything she had crumbling in an instant.

"Huk! Huhuk!"

Flu closed her eyes tightly and shouted with all her strength.

"I respect you!"

At the same time, the hellish scene disappeared.

But her soul that had flown away still had no intention of coming back. She blurted out whatever came to her mind in a state of oblivion.

"I respect you! I've respected you since I started learning magic! I can do anything for you, Mr. President. So please let me stay here!"

'Flu...'

Gando looked at his direct subordinate with a pitiful look.

Gaold was too far gone as a human being to make him a goal in life. Even he, who was a certified level 4, found it hard to suppress his tremors when he stood in front of him.

But this time, he gathered his courage for his beloved subordinate and took a step forward.
[Translated block]


"Please, don't doubt our determination!" Gando, who stopped next to Flu, bowed his waist.

Gaold looked at the two people intently, lost in thought. But in fact, he was not thinking about anything.

"Then do it."

His face turned blank as he agreed so easily and disappointingly. Flu was still unable to understand the situation and kept sniffling.

Kang Nan bit her tongue as if annoyed.

'Anyway... they say you're crazy if you do that.'

Gaold is not bound by anything. He only acts according to his momentary emotions.

It was natural that his brain's memory device was broken, but even so, the reason he had not been stabbed by a sword until now was because no one in the Kingdom of Tormia could harm him.

Gaold walked to the center of the bunker and lit a cigarette in front of Sirone, who was facing him from afar. Smoke came out of his parted lips like a ghost.

"Yeah, I guess you saw the possibility that Kang Nan brought you. I'll judge for myself from now on. If you meet my standards, we might have a good relationship."

It was not a pleasant feeling to be evaluated out of the blue, but it was not an unacceptable line if he pushed his sense of being an association president.

The only thing that made him uneasy was what he had done to Flu a little while ago. What on earth had happened that she, who was always full of confidence, had cried in fear?

'Is it really okay? He seems a bit strange.'

Gaold spoke as if he was bored when he heard no answer.

"I'm not forcing you. We don't need weak-willed people either. If you don't like it, go back now."

"What do you mean by evaluation?"

"There's only one thing I expect from you. Show me Ataraxia."

It was as Sirone expected. The first-class public magician in Tormia was interested in Ataraxia if he looked for him, who was only a student.

"Do it at maximum output. It's an opportunity that won't come again in your life."

'Maximum output?'

He didn't understand what he meant at first. But then he felt the fighting spirit rising from Gaold's body and a disturbing thought crossed his mind.

"Do you mean... shoot?"

"Yeah. Show me your best skill no matter what."

Sirone's face changed absurdly.

He thought Ataraxia was a siege magic. It was not something to cast on people unless he really wanted to kill them.

"But this is not Echeon-do."

"Of course. That's why I brought you here. The best way to check the true value of magic is with your body."

He finally realized it clearly. Gaold was crazy. How could he make such a demand if he didn't want to make him a murderer?

"It's too dangerous. You might get hurt."

Gaold narrowed his eyes and blew out cigarette smoke, then suddenly burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! That's the funniest joke I've heard lately. A kid who doesn't even have hair down there says that."

Sirone's face turned red. It was a completely condescending remark, regardless of the truth of the joke.

Of course, Gaold was the strongest magician in Tormia. But Ataraxia was also the ability of an archangel.

"I'm serious. You might die."

Gaold brushed off the remnants of laughter as if to shake them off.

"Oh, yeah, yeah. Then from that moment on, you're the head of the Magic Association. The people here are witnesses. How about it? It's a super-fast promotion, isn't it?"

'He's not even listening.'

Sirone opened his eyes wide and focused his mind. He would change his mind when he saw Ataraxia with his eyes.

A starlight born in midair drew a curve and circled around.

Flu's forehead wrinkled as Halo was born. A sharp pain pierced through her temples.

'This is Halo, the embodiment of Immortal Function.'

He had heard that the shock intensity was severe for those who were sensitive. As expected, Gando seemed to feel considerable pain as he squinted one eye and breathed out.
[Translated block]


```text
On the other hand, Gangnan checked the time with a calm expression. Gaold also sucked on the cigar as if he was bored, puckered his lips and made a donut with smoke. It seemed like he was saying why it wasn't so fast.

'Really, this person...'

It was the first time he met someone who could be completely free in Halo.

Shirone, who calmed down his excitement, decided to go a little further.

As he concentrated Ataraxia, various colors flashed in front of him and began to build concepts that transcended human knowledge.

"Wow..."

Flu's mouth opened involuntarily.

Ataraxia, which he had only heard of by rumor. He knew it was the ability of an archangel, but he wondered how great the magic that a student cast would be. But even she, who graduated from the Royal Magic Academy as the top student, couldn't understand 10 percent of the concepts accumulated in Halo.

'How can you do that? How many batteries are in there?'

Ataraxia was completed. As hundreds of small magic circles spun like gears and emitted light, Gaold, who had confirmed it until then, looked at Gangnan.

"How is it?"

Gangnan shook the pocket watch in his hand.

"It's 1 minute and 2 seconds."

"Hmm, it's a little shorter than before."

Pak! Gaold flicked the cigar and sparks exploded like fireworks and the cigar butt flew to the wall. He grabbed one leg behind him and lowered his posture slowly while facing Shirone diagonally.

"Shall we start then? Come in."

As Gaold took his stance, the nature of the bunker changed. If a magician is omnipotent in Spirit Zone, everything here was controlled by Gaold's will.

Still, Shirone was conflicted. Ataraxia belongs to the trigger category of magic. Once you pass it through the photon cannon, there was nothing he could control.

Gangnan's voice came to his ears.

"Shirone, I told you. This is a matter beyond national borders."

Shirone was still looking at Gaold.

"I can't tell you the details yet, but we're sincere too. If your conviction is like that, you can go back now. But if you're tied to morality, you should know that it's also overstepping."

"Hoo!"

Shirone exhaled heavily as if spitting out his distractions. There was no way out now. He had no choice but to try with the title of First Class Grand Magician.

"I'll start."

Shirone opened his eyes wide and a photon was born with a bang in front of him. As the mass concentrated, the voice of his mind grew louder, but he firmly ignored all sounds and increased his power.

'I can't control it from now on.'

Shirone clenched his teeth and fired the photon cannon.

The sphere of light passed through Ataraxia and at the same time the bunker turned white.

Flu's head turned white as well. A huge wave of mass. He felt like he was being tossed around by a phenomenon of a transcendental world that humans had never set foot in.

Bang!

A powerful shock wave broke through the sound of lightning.

As the atmospheric pressure in the bunker increased explosively, it compressed the energy of the photon cannon in front of Gaold's palm. It was Vacuum Press, the highest defense magic of air series that only Gaold could use.

"How, how...?"

Shirone couldn't believe what he saw with his eyes.

He didn't endure it or avoid it. He literally caught the photon cannon with his hand.

The photon cannon was already floating on Gaold's palm without energy. He clenched his fist and it disappeared with a small sound.

Gaold looked back at Shirone and smiled with his eyes.

"You failed."

Silence flowed. No one in the bunker could speak.

'Failed? Me?'

Shirone realized belatedly that he hadn't even thought he wouldn't pass from the beginning. He just hoped that no one would get hurt by Ataraxia.

Gaold put on his coat that had flown away due to air pressure and walked towards the elevator as if he had smoked.

"Gangnan, you were right. That guy is useless. Send him back."
```
[Translated block]