


[263] The Situation of the Ogent Family (2)

Kuan was having a conversation with a female teacher. She was also someone that Reyna knew from the rumors.

She was Kiyora Ellis, a well-known surgeon in the kingdom.

Ellis's specialty was neural junction, a field that was said to be impossible without a genius talent among surgical operations.

But Reyna, who started to distrust the Kaizen Swordsmanship School, wondered if that was also an exaggeration.

If neural junction was really possible, why did Kuan standing in front of her have one leg cut off?

Kuan said something with a cold expression and Ellis covered her mouth and laughed.

"Kakakaka! So you just ate and came back? You're always like that."

"Shut up. If you do this again, I'll kill you."

Ellis patted Kuan's back.

"Hey, don't be so angry. It's natural for me to step in when my childhood friend is getting old with pity. Besides, if it's Olipher Shiina, you won't miss her as a new relative."

Kuan recalled what happened a few days ago.

He went out saying he had an important appointment, but it turned out to be a blind date arranged by Ellis.

The other person was Olipher Shiina, a magician who was currently attending Alpheus Magic School.

It was doomed from the start, as she also seemed to have come out of her family's coercion.

Of course, she wasn't a woman who lacked suitors enough to show her feelings, but wouldn't it be normal for her eyes to change if she liked the guy?

"She was a good person. She had manners too."

"Ho?"

Ellis was genuinely surprised.

Kuan had never complimented a woman before. When he was young, he lived obsessed with swords, and after he injured his Achilles tendon, he didn't care about anything in the world.

If he said she was a good person from his mouth, it was quite the highest praise.

"Do you like her? Then I'll contact her again......!"

When Kuan's eyes flashed with killing intent, Ellis shrank her shoulders with a scared expression.

You should never touch Kuan at times like this.

Ellis felt sorry for her friend on one hand.

If he liked Shiina, he should have caught her on the spot. But Kuan's personality would never do that.

'Could it be...... did she pick on his leg?'

If it was the Olipher family, they would have basic manners, but you never know.

She heard that she came out reluctantly, and more importantly, things between men and women were often out of control.

'What's wrong with having one leg cut off? Anyway, she has no eyes for men.'

Kuan's injury was impossible to heal even with Ellis's neural junction. It wasn't that his ligaments were torn, but that his leg fell off completely.

When Kuan returned from the battlefield with his leg lost, she cried for days without being able to do anything.

He was a talent who was praised as the incarnation of sword before he got the nickname of death magician. How sad would it be for such a man to lose one leg?

A year later, Ellis offered Kuan a teaching position at the Swordsmanship School. And she decided. She would fix his leg no matter how long it took.

That's how much she hated the woman named Shiina.

She couldn't imagine her face because she hadn't seen it, but she must have been blowing cold wind like an authority of ice magic.

What did she do to dump Kuan?

She had no eyes for men at all.

"Kuan, did that woman......!"

Reyna interrupted Ellis's words and approached him.

"Teacher Kuan!"

Kuan looked up and down Reyna and asked indifferently.

"Who are you?"

"I'm Lian's sister Reyna! I had an appointment to have a meeting with you today."

Kuan gulped down his coffee and nodded his head.

"Oh, I think I remember that."

Reyna was speechless.

She requested a meeting as a parent, but he said he thought he remembered that.

That's why he didn't see Lian's true colors and gave him a failing grade.

How is the translation? Is there anything I can improve? 🙏
[Translated block]


```text
Alice smiled brightly and offered a seat.

"Oh, I see. Lian is a kind and righteous child. Come on, come over here. Do you drink coffee? Or any other tea?"

Alice was friendly, so Reyna tried to calm down her excitement.

If only Kuan didn't light a fire in her cooling heart.

"By the way, why did you come here? Lian doesn't seem to have any problems. He's still ignorant, only does physical exercises, and still ranks last, hehehe."

Reyna's eyes filled with anger, and Alice, who had been watching the situation, avoided her seat.

Based on her experience so far, it was best to leave as soon as possible at times like this.

Reyna thought she would endure it once and handed out the report card.

"Look at this."

"Lian's report card. The last place report card."

"From what I heard, Lian's grades are not behind the other kids. But why did he fail? I want to hear an explanation about this."

Kuan said as if it was nothing.

"He can't do schema."

Reyna was speechless.

"How can you give him a failing grade? I can do schema too! But if I fight with Lian now, I'll lose! Is that how you judge a student by that?"

"If you had learned swordsmanship, Miss Reyna, you would have beaten Lian."

Reyna was at a loss for words.

That's what it was. If you're a swordsman, you have to be able to do schema in order to command hundreds or even tens of thousands of soldiers in the future.

"But how can you give him the last place......"

Reyna felt tears welling up in her eyes.

She lost her mother early when she was young and raised her younger brother as if by her own hands.

Even while the other brothers were thriving, Lian couldn't escape being last.

She thought of how frustrated her brother must have felt and her spirit collapsed.

They say that a woman's tears are a weakness for men, but it didn't apply to Kuan.

"He has no talent. He can't graduate like this. Who would hire a swordsman who can't do schema even if he graduates? He'll be nothing more than a bodyguard for the peasants. Lately he seems to be trying something strange called imagination schema, but from what I saw it's nonsense. He has no sense of sword at all."

Reyna slammed the table with both hands and asked.

"I looked it up too, imagination schema! It's not scientifically verified, but it definitely has potential. I read in a book that it's called transcendence of god......"

"Ah, transcendence of god."

Kuan cut off Reyna's words.

His polite attitude disappeared and his eyes were filled with murderous intent.

Transcendence of god.

Transcend the body? How absurd is that?

"Do you see my leg right now? I cut off one side. The Achilles tendon came off. So I'm telling you. The body is like a machine. If there are no parts, it can't function. Transcendence of god is possible then I wouldn't have cut off my leg. Imagination schema is nothing more than enhancing the brain among the schemas of schema. It's not some kind of magic."

Reyna didn't want to talk anymore. She couldn't let her brother be taught at this school.

"I'll apply for a transfer. I'll take Lian with me. Please process it now."

"What do you think will change if you go to another school?"

"That doesn't seem like something Kuan should worry about anymore. Whether we boil or roast our brother, we'll take care of him in our family."

Reyna spat out her words as if declaring and turned around.

The teachers who were watching the situation shook their heads. It was the seventh case where a parent who fought with Kuan transferred their child.

Behind Reyna's back as she walked away, Kuan muttered.

"I think we need to watch him a little more."

Reyna's steps stopped abruptly.

When she turned around with a surprised expression, Kuan threw one word with a smirk on his face.

"That's what I mean by giving him the most leeway."

The teachers were bewildered.

There was never a case where Kuan, who was notorious for being stubborn and vicious, tried to hold back a leaving student.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
Reina walked back to Kuan and asked him with a desperate hope.

"So... does that mean there's still a chance?"

Kuan scratched his head with annoyance.

"Look, Reina. I know you're a great musician. But swordsmanship is not an art. It's a purely functional skill for killing. Swordsmanship philosophy is a privilege that only those who have reached the peak can enjoy. Lian clearly has no talent. But maybe he has a possibility in the realm of imagination schema."

"That's what I'm saying! You said he could do it! Why did you lie then?"

Kuan sighed.

"Imagination schema is the domain of will. It can't be verified, but any swordsman who has lived long enough on the battlefield will experience it at least once. I think I have it too. But that's why no one can force it. What Lian needs is to run more and swing more."

"So you gave him the last place on purpose? To make him swing more?"

"Simply put, yeah, something like that."

Reina shook her head.

"Do you think that makes sense? What about his grades? How can a student who ranks last become a commander even if he graduates?"

Kuan picked up Lian's report card on the table.

Next to the rank of last place, there were the scores he had recorded in the tests so far.

"What's the problem? Lian has 1.8 times stronger muscle strength than the current schema users. Especially his right arm, which he uses mainly, has 3.7 times more strength. This is a very rare case, and the school is also keeping an eye on it. He seems to have awakened during some opportunity during the vacation...."

Reina recalled Lian's bragging when he came back from Galliant Island.

If Kuan said so much, then his brother's story was not all nonsense.

"That's all a swordsman needs. Grades don't guarantee a swordsman's life. It's not like the enemies on the battlefield spare the first place and kill the last place."

Reina slowly lowered her chin.

"But what if Lian gets discouraged by this...."

Kuan looked at Reina with pity.

Well, how would someone who plays instruments all day know how a swordsman feels?

"Reina, if he was someone who would get discouraged by this kind of grade, he wouldn't have been able to imagine schema in the first place, let alone train enough to get this muscle strength. This record is entirely the result of hard work. I don't know how much you know your brother, but right now this kid is doing experiments that transcend human limits every day. He's dissecting his body as if it were someone else's. You can't even imagine how painful that is. Do you think he cares about this rank?"

Reina blinked.

She didn't know because he never showed it. She didn't know that Lian was enduring such painful training.

Kuan handed Reina the report card.

"Ah...."

As Reina took it, Kuan turned his body and said.

"Do whatever you want with him. But don't give him false hopes like transcendence or something. That's the only way he can make a living with his sword. Unless you can take his pain for him, keep your mouth shut."

Reina looked down at the report card.

Last place.

But next to it were the numbers Lian had recorded.

She saw Lian swinging his sword until his muscles tore to raise his score by 0.1 point.

Reina clenched the report card with both hands and bowed her head to Kuan.

"Please continue to guide Lian well."

Kuan didn't answer, just narrowing his brows.

@

Reina left the teacher's office feeling relieved for a long time.

She had been feeling gloomy whenever she thought of her brother, but she was glad to see hope in this meeting.
```

How is my translation?
[Translated block]


'Yeah, if a man decides to do something, he should go all the way up. If he transcends the gods, he can aspire to be a great swordsman, right?'

On one hand, he felt excited, but he also didn't forget Kuan's advice.

Never show it to Lian.

From the perspective of someone who trains hard every day, even a word of encouragement could break his will.
[Translated block]