
Wow, that's a very exciting story. It sounds like a fierce competition between magic users. Who are you rooting for, user? Do you like Neid or Sabina more?
[Translated block]


"Anyway, it will be revealed in this confrontation. No matter who the opponent is, Sabina will win."

Sade, who finished the explanation, ordered Nade and Sabina to return to their designated positions.

The starting point was decided by mutual agreement of both sides, which was 30 meters each, totaling 60 meters.

It was a distance where the spirit zone could not be reached, but a preemptive strike could be made through a water formula.

"Then I will start the confrontation between Nade and Sabina now."

As Sade raised his arm to signal the start, the voices of the students who were buzzing died down at once.

Graduation class students who have experienced two thousand personal battles say that this moment is the most tense.

Depending on how you operate the spirit zone in the early stages, such as advancing and retreating, attacking and defending, etc., the aspect of the confrontation changes.

The four-way system of four forms was basic, and various irregular forms created various variables, so it was a point that became the cornerstone of the confrontation.

"Start!"

Nade and Sabina had the same thought.

Advance, attack, preemptive strike.

The water formula confrontation was a horn. The spirit zones of the two overlapped, and electric bolts and wind cutters crossed.

There are not many elements that can catch up with electricity except for photons in terms of speed. However, electric force, which is sensitive to charge, had the disadvantage of low accuracy.

In the end, the wind cutter cut Nade's arm first and passed by. Sabina cast haste on herself, taking advantage of the gap when his spirit zone shook.

There weren't many students who could follow Sabina's zigzag sprint with their eyes. The sight of a human-sized object moving like a cat looked like a magic show with tricks.

Sabina, who took over Nade's rear, swung her water sword and a blade of wind cut Nade's neck and passed by.

'Judgment eaten? Is it over?'

The moment Sabina thought that, a weak electric current flowed through her arm. It was Nade's specialty image copy magic. When he turned his gaze, dozens of Nades had already taken over his surroundings.

"Hmm! The trick is decent!"

If you check one by one, time will be delayed and there is a high risk of falling into a trap. Sabina immediately raised her concentration and deployed cutting flower, an advanced technique. As she gathered both hands above her head and rotated, wind cutters spread out in all directions.

One of Nade's illusions quickly flew his body. Nade, who escaped from the radius of cutting flower, looked at Sabina with a disgusted expression.

He fired more than forty long-range wind cutters per second. It was definitely beyond the level of an advanced class.

Air magic is divided into press series that compress air and blow series that swing air. He thought Sabina was a magician who specialized in blow series.

'Is it not possible with basic mode?'

As Nade concentrated his mind, blue clouds began to bloom around him. Electron bolts popped out of the clouds and moved in a straight line.

"Plasma?"

Sabina hastily stopped approaching. No matter how much she was, she couldn't do anything rash in front of plasma.

"Wow, that's plasma. That kid wasn't lucky last time either."

"Are you stupid? It's not something you can learn by luck."

Actual plasma occurs at ultra-high temperatures, but in magic that implements phenomena, it is an area of ​​batteries, so the temperature itself does not rise. Nevertheless, it was one of the most powerful weapons for electric magicians.

Plasma can be seen as a state where electricity spreads like clouds and fills up around. In other words, just as fish are kings in water, electric magicians are kings in electric clouds.

There can be no such thing as low accuracy of bolt magic in plasma territory. Rather, you can change the trajectory of bolts as you like. Because the environment itself is electricity, the consumption of mental power that goes into magic is reduced, and above all, it is a passive skill.

A blessing-like ability for electric magicians.


I hope this translation helps you understand what is going on in this story. Do you want me to continue translating more text for you? Or do you have any questions about what happened so far?
[Translated block]


But even the pros couldn't easily understand the plasma battery that only occurred in extreme environments.

Sabina was nervous for the first time since the battle began. The combat manual advised to avoid approaching if an electric magician had laid down plasma, unless there was a big difference in skill.

"Then......"

Sabina changed her tactics. The only way to attack Nade without intruding into the plasma zone was to sweep him away with a tornado from the outside.

She cast a tornado and several whirlwinds of 10 meters high danced around.

Nade tried to narrow the distance by distracting his eyes with image copies.

One electric shock would do it. If he could stun him for just one second, no one could withstand the high-speed electric bombardment that he cast from the plasma zone.

But Sabina moved nimbly with haste and didn't give him any gaps, roaming freely around Ichonbeon.

As the plasma zone expanded, so did the number of whirlwinds. Sabina seemed determined to gamble and started to combine one tornado at a time. The number was halved in an instant, but the size increased by more than four times.

If the tornadoes were all combined like this, there would be no place to escape on Ichonbeon. Nade decided that he had to do something now and examined his perception through the electric force of plasma.

About 32 percent of it was metal.

Of course, it was nothing more than an environment implemented with Ichonbeon's information, but he could control anything that was a conductor with plasma.

'I'm sorry it's a skill from another profession, but...'

He couldn't afford to pick and choose. If he lost, he would have to bear the burden of making Shiro's duel happen, which would only be left to Eruki.

Nade generated a magnetic field with plasma. Roughly metal dust mixed with rocks pierced through the ground and sprang up. He created a magnetic storm and a metal tornado was created on the spot.

Sabina was shocked. It was not even a tenth of the size of her tornado, but if about three tons of mass rotated at the same speed, the destructive power was comparable.

'No. No one can break my secret weapon!'

Sabina clenched her teeth and combined 15 tornadoes. The rotational fusion was an advanced technique, but she succeeded in combining 30 tornadoes in just two minutes.

A huge swirl that could be called a typhoon rose up. The metal tornado rushed toward the eye of the typhoon.

Everyone knew that this was the last attack.

As the students watched breathlessly, two tornadoes collided in the center of Ichonbeon.

It was a battle of mass and size. The steel tornado danced freely inside the giant tornado, messing up the airflow.

Sabina's bracelet activated anti-magic, reducing her gauge at a fast rate.

Nade was not in normal condition either. He was disrupting Sabina's tornado, but the weight difference was too great.

"Ugh!"

The wind pressure, stronger than magnetism, slowly dismantled the metal's density state and slowed down its speed. At some point in the rotation speed that offset each other, the two forces fit exactly.

Sabina's tornado turned into turbulence and scattered. A loud noise erupted and a strong wind spread out from Ichonbeon. The friends who were watching from the side were pushed back by the wind pressure.

The students waited for the dust cloud that occupied the space to clear. Some dust rose up and some dust settled down, revealing their figures.

Sabina gasped for breath in a crooked posture and Nade knelt down on his knees.

Sade checked their gauges through his master bracelet.

Neither of them had enough mental strength to say who was superior.

But what amazed the students was not Sabina but Nade. They didn't expect him, who was only in the middle of the advanced class, to push Sabina, who played nationwide, to this extent.
[Translated block]


"I don't know about this. Maybe Sabina could lose..."

Sabina walked with a gasp. She was hurt by the fact that she had a close match with an unknown student.
[Translated block]