


[523] New Contract (2)

Kashan.

A powerful empire that occupies one-third of the human territory.

Aganos, the huge palace where Kashan's ruler Teraze resides, was a military and cultural fortress that had all the defense facilities against magic, law, and physical attacks and built an independent living area.

"Wow, it's been a long time."

Miro and his party, who entered Kashan's capital, looked at Aganos' castle tower from the city square fountain.

The sight of hundreds of castle towers rising as if to stab and kill the sky was a spectacle.

'Teraze ...'

During the one year given after being selected as the shield of humanity, Miro traveled around various countries and met various people.

Among them, the most impressive was Teraze Mistra, the female emperor of Kashan.

It was officially the first time in his life that he felt strange when he saw someone.

Unofficially, there was Gepin, but he had already been erased from his head.

"Auntie, how much is this?"

Miro, who was bored waiting for the promised time, went around the shops surrounding the square and shopped.

Armin and Kuan did not move from the front of the fountain, and Arius followed Miro behind with Shirone, who covered his body with black cloth.

"That? 2 gold."

"Really? What is this worth 2 gold?"

What Miro chose was a bracelet made by twisting three colors of leather.

"Cowhide, horsehide, camel hide, I braided it. This is a very cheap buy."

"Oh, cow, horse, camel."

Miro put a gold coin on the left plate.

"Give me 1 gold. It's just leather. It's only a rat tail."

The merchant woman looked at him absurdly.

"What? How precious is leather in Kashan? You want half price? This is pure thief's mind?"

Miro smiled with his eyes.

"Auntie, do you know who I am?"

"Who are you?"

"I'm here to see Teraze. You know? Here's the female emperor. So I'm a guest of honor of the empire. But can't you give me this cheap?"

The merchant woman's eyes widened.

"This is a deceitful thing! How dare you call the name of the female emperor casually! Even if you are a foreigner, this is Kashan's capital! Get out right now! Before I report to the patrol!"

When Teraze's name didn't work either, Miro used his last resort.

"Look here, auntie. The female emperor or whatever, I'm the one who saved the world alone for 20 years! If it weren't for me, you wouldn't have been able to do business here!"

The merchant woman's face was engulfed in shock and horror.

"Is this completely crazy? People! Please call the patrol here quickly! A crazy woman has appeared!"

"What, crazy woman? This auntie is really...!"

As a commotion broke out, everyone paid attention to the left plate.

On the other hand, Kuan and Armin in front of the fountain just wished they were strangers.

"There is no thunderstorm separately."

Armin smiled bitterly at Kuan's words.

"He said he was a famous weirdo since he was a student. People's personalities don't change easily."

"...But is it okay? Miro's thing is a worldwide secret."

"Well... if you can buy local products at half price."

Kuan turned around when he made an unlikely joke and Armin shrugged his shoulders awkwardly.

"What can I do if he says so?"

Kuan sighed and turned his head to Miro when a group of soldiers walked in from the entrance of the square with a clank of iron shaking.

They were all heavy armor, and there was a golden pumpkin on their waist.

Aganos' Guards-Far Away.

The guards who protect Teraze are divided into three units: near, middle, and far away. This means the range of escorting the female emperor.

Although they were those who protected Teraze from afar, it was also the first time for residents to see guards in the castle appear.

"Hey, miss! If you drank alcohol during the day, go in nicely and sleep! Where are you going to act on a small merchant? Act!"
[Translated block]


"No, why don't you believe me? I'm Adrius Miro! The Empress called me here!"

The captain of the guard who arrived at the square found a woman who was arguing with a merchant and sighed.

"You said there was no need to look...."

The order that Teraze delivered through the command system was 'Bring the loudest woman in the market.'

As the guard approached the bench, the belatedly awakened merchant woman stiffened with a pale face.

"Gu, guard...."

It was not the patrol but Aganos's guard.

What was even more surprising was that the captain of the guard took a step forward and gave Miro the highest courtesy.

"You've arrived. I received an order to escort you politely to the Empress. I'll guide you."

"Hmm."

Miro, who had been looking at the captain with a disdainful eye, suddenly smiled and turned his head to the merchant woman.

The woman's lips trembled with surprise.

A leather bracelet with three colors twisted like a twisted doughnut filled Miro's slender hand.

Nothing blocked Miro's party from entering Aganos's castle following the captain of the guard.

The maids and servants opened the way as if they were running away, and all the gates opened without even knocking.

The sight of the impregnable gates opening like crazy, which could not be penetrated even by an elite force of a country, was a thrilling shock to those who had spent their lives in the palace.

The guard with the pumpkin mark could not go up to the 20th floor, so the captain withdrew at that point.

As they climbed up to the 20th floor through a narrow staircase, Aganos's guard with the diamond mark was waiting for them.

The captain of the guard in white armor approached Kuan and reached out his two hands politely.

"You can't carry weapons from here. The sword...."

Kuan didn't even pretend to listen.

As Miro's party turned around the corner and walked down the corridor, the captain of the guard followed them without any sanctions.

When they arrived at the 23rd floor spire, 10 members of Pungjang wearing owl masks were guarding the door at the end of the corridor.

The remaining 90 members had already left for various parts of the world in search of Anke Ra's incarnation.

But these 10 people were Pungjang's officers, and their collective killing intent filled the corridor so much that even a decent master could suffocate and die from it.

"Wow, that's scary. Did they spray poison gas or something?"

Miro approached with a sneer and spoke to the person at the forefront of Pungjang.

"Can you move? What's with blocking after calling?"

"...No one can enter except you."

Kuan frowned as he heard a voice he could never forget even after 10 years.

Miro also did not act rashly this time.

This room was special even within Aganos, which was no different from a fortress, and Miro had a reason to go in alone.

"Wait here for a moment. I'll go in first."

As the door opened, expanding the space inside, Miro's eyes gradually cooled as he stepped in.

Click The sound of the door closing was heard first, and then Uorin sitting on a chair with his legs crossed appeared.

"It's been a long time, Miro. You're still like before."

"I'm seeing you for the first time?"

Miro knows that Teraze is Mitochondria Eve.

It was just disappointing that it wasn't Mistra's face in front of him.

"Hehe, sit down. Do you want some tea? Or alcohol?"

"Before that, I want to talk to you alone. That's why you called me separately, right?"

Miro didn't see anyone other than Uorin in his sight, but he could guess without seeing it.

"Crouch, go out."

There was a moment of silence.

"It's okay. It's not something you can handle by yourself once you call me here."

As soon as he finished speaking, Miro's right window opened and closed with a thud!

"Done?"

As Miro sat down slowly on the opposite chair, Uorin burst into a snicker as he scrutinized her face.
[Translated block]


“That’s a face that makes me want to slap you so bad.”

“From the beginning… everything was your plan, right?”

Miro asked Mistra, who was still alive in Uorin’s memory.

“Of course. Thanks to you, you also escaped from the annoying dimensional wall, right? Yeah, it’s been about 20 years, right? How does it feel to be out in the world? Oh, that bracelet is pretty.”

“It’s not too bad. The world is fun after a long time. But…”

Whoosh!

The avatar of the transcendental wisdom prajna burst out of Miro’s body like a flame and flew towards Uorin.

The face of Avalokiteshvara was benevolent, but dozens of arms with different animal heads surrounded Uorin as if to crush him.

“You shouldn’t have touched my friend.”

He tried to embrace all the sins of humanity and go on alone, but he inadvertently dragged Sein and Gaold into it.

Especially Gaold, who was a desperate believer, became a demon and was wandering in hell at this moment.

There would be no human who would not feel fear at the aura emitted by the strongest prajna of humanity, but Uorin knew Miro too well.

“I know what you mean. So you don’t need to pretend to be angry. I understand your feelings, but…”

To the prajna of emptiness, anger was also a mere worldly emotion.

As soon as the avatar of Avalokiteshvara disappeared, Uorin looked at the cubic he attached to his fingernail this morning and said.

“You didn’t sacrifice Gaold. It was because only Gaold could do it. Just like only you had the qualifications to sacrifice for humanity.”

Miro pouted his lips.

As expected, everything was meaningless to Mitochondria Eve.

Uorin adjusted the position of the cubic and lifted his head.

“Yeah, I’m not here to argue, what’s the reason you wanted to see me?”

“You know, don’t you?”

“Uh?”

Uorin tilted his head as if he really didn’t know.

‘She’s really annoying.’

It was an unspoken suggestion that if he needed help, he should act accordingly.

“I remembered.”

The leader who led the front line of the windmill said.

“It was that prosecutor back then.”

When he took off his owl mask, the face of the woman who appeared in Kuan’s nightmare was revealed.

Her face was white as snow, her eyebrows were faint, and her sharp eyes hidden by thick eyelids were also the same as 10 years ago.

As a result of refusing her offer, Achilles’ gun was cut off and Kuan’s life changed completely.

It was natural that his blood boiled when he faced his enemy just a few meters away.

“You’re still holding a sword. I admit your perseverance.”

The woman made a sound with her mouth as if she was spitting blood and reminded him of the situation where Achilles’ gun was cut off.

Kuan’s eyes widened at the same time.

At the same time, the woman lit up her eyes as if she was grotesque.

‘What is this…?’

The world was tilting slightly to the right.

10 degrees, 20 degrees, 30 degrees. As it tilted, he felt like he was sliding and involuntarily put strength into his right foot.

‘It feels like I’m falling.’

Kuan muttered softly.

“Don’t annoy me. I’m holding on desperately.”

He definitely realized something.

But what kind of enlightenment could make human nature so grotesquely distorted?

‘I admit she had talent back then…’

But it was a different dimension.

The prosecutor named Kuan who lost Achilles’ gun 10 years ago no longer existed in this world.

‘I have to catch her first.’

The woman slowly shifted her center of gravity to the left.

Then the world that had been tilting gradually began to find its place and soon returned perfectly horizontally.

‘It’s not easy.’

He didn’t draw his sword right away even though he had his enemy who ruined his life in front of him because before prioritizing his mission, his opponent was a windmill.

‘Wait. I’ll cut off all your legs someday.’

Unlike Kuan who planned for the future, the woman was focused on the grotesque nature she felt earlier.
[Translated block]


'What was that?'

The woman who couldn't contain her curiosity opened her mouth.

"You..."

Then Miro's voice cut off the woman's words.

"Arius, come in."

The woman who seemed disappointed wrinkled her forehead and covered her face with an owl mask again and stepped aside.

As Arius entered the room, Uorin raised his hand.

"Long time no see, Arius."

They had a connection in Kazra Kingdom, but their situations were very different from then.

Uorin, who was a princess of a country, became a Three Emperor, and the tomb raider of Mado7 became the strongest Banya, Miro's loyal servant.

"Lay him on the table."

As Miro grabbed the end of the cloth and flipped it over, Shirone, wearing Arman's robe, was lying with his eyes closed as if he had fallen asleep.

'Shirone...'

For a brief moment, Uorin's eyes softened.
[Translated block]