


[282] 3. Midnight Ball (3)

"Well, I don't know. I'm just a seller. You saw the demonstration yourself, so isn't it up to the buyer to decide?"

Zion bit his lip.

No matter how much he denied it, the reality was clear. Ataraxia was worth much more than Armand. No, he wanted to have it by any means possible.

"4 billion. That's almost all my fortune. That should be enough, right?"

"Hmm, 4 billion."

4 billion was a huge amount of money that could build about four magic schools at the current market price. But Arius was not satisfied.

To be honest, it didn't matter how much he paid.

&lt;Magic Sword Armand&gt; was also sold for over 3 billion, but if he had sold it at the Curia auction, he could have received a blank check for at least S-class or higher.

The reason why he couldn't sell it at the auction was because it was stolen.

Of course, most of the objects were stolen, but if he put out something he had stolen himself at the auction, he would risk being tracked down by the trackers.

Arius didn't care much about money anyway, so it was a better deal to sell it to Zion, who was the safest option.

When Arius showed signs of dissatisfaction with 4 billion, Zion became impatient. The desire for something that was hard to get grew stronger.

But even if he scraped up all his funds, he could only add about 7 billion more.

Woorin would have ten times as much as 47 billion, but it was foolish to waste his one chance to ask for her help on money.

Arius didn't seem to be attached to material things either, so Zion decided to play his last card.

"Plus, I'll let you join Teresa's line."

As expected, Arius's eyes sparkled.

Teresa, the emperor of Kashan, was one of the three emperors who had the most powerful power in the continent. If he could get her favor, he wouldn't have to live as a fugitive anymore.

But Zion had no authority to ask for favors. The only gateway to Teresa's line was Woorin.

Zion glanced at his sister's expression and asked.

"Woorin, can you do that?"

It was his first request since he was born, but he was sure it would be his last. If he had Ataraxia, he could succeed on his own.

Just once, just this once.

"So Shiroe is going to die?"

"Probably. It's not a guarantee that you'll die if your neck is cut off."

Knowing that his sister had a crush on Shiroe, Zion repeated the crazy thing that Arius had said. But it was a good pun to beat around the bush.

"Hmm."

Woorin put her finger on her lips and looked at the ceiling.

She didn't want to get involved in Kazra's politics, but she felt sorry for Zion struggling lately and also pitied his incompetence. It seemed like this would be his last chance anyway, so she might as well do him a favor.

"Okay, fine. I'll talk to mom."

Zion sighed with relief.

It was ironic that he felt anxious about something that his family should be able to do easily, but now that he got permission, he didn't care anymore.

"Okay, deal. 4 billion, plus Teresa's line. Cut off Shiroe's neck tonight. And bring me Ataraxia."

Arius blinked and raised his hand.

"Wait a minute. Are you telling me to do that job right now?"

"What are you talking about? If you don't do it, who will?"

"No, that's not it. You don't know because you're a prince, but this is a professional job. I'm an expert in digging up things, not fighting. Especially I hate seeing blood."

Zion looked at him incredulously.

Even though there were many non-combat magicians in the world, they had enough combat power to overcome dangerous situations.&nbsp;

How could someone who was ranting about extracting brains a while ago say that he hated seeing blood?
[Translated block]


```
"Does it make sense that you can't fight? But Shiro will win, right?"

"It's not a matter of winning or losing. I'm an authority in psychoanalysis, even if I've been through all kinds of insults in the world. I was once ranked among the top 100 intellectuals in the world. Can you imagine me holding a knife and cutting the throat of an eighteen-year-old boy?"

"Then what do you want me to do? Go and kill him
[Translated block]


Maybe... it was something that might have been behind him.

He felt a little chilly at the thought.

He refrained from entering the spirit zone in front of the royal family, as it could cause misunderstanding, but even if he searched with empathy, the probability of being caught was low.

Skilled assassins acquired a unique skill that made them undetectable in the spirit zone.

'Huhu, this is why I can't give up this life.'

As soon as the strange call ended, Zion returned to the main point.

"Shall we make a plan now? Killing Siro, no, separating his brain from his body will be done by Zenoger. If his neck is cut, you can go in and take out Ataraxia."

Arius had no complaints now.

"Of course. Mobility is enough. But the second thing to consider is secrecy. No one else should know about this operation except for the people in this room."

Zion understood immediately and asked Zenoger.

"Can you do it without anyone knowing?"

"That's no problem. If you follow him, there will always be a situation where he is alone at some point. Even if not, wouldn't it be enough to kill everyone in the place?"

"That could be one way. But I want to minimize the variables as much as possible."

Arius said.

"The tricky ones are the two girls. Reyna has to work, so we can get rid of her, but Amy will stick to Siro. She is also a daughter of the Carmis family. If we leave her free, there may be variables."

Zenoger's face was filled with eight pupils again as he heard Arius's words.

He activated his heterochromia ability and became a perfect spider. It felt like his presence was faint even though he was in front of him.

"There is no mistake for me."

Arius pushed his hands and gestured to calm down.

"Wow, wow, I don't doubt your skills. I'm just assuming that's the case."

Zion, who had been thinking with his chin propped up, made a decision.

"Okay, then I'll hold Amy while you guys do your job. Killing him will take five minutes, right? Then an hour should be enough?"

"Ho-ho, you had that taste."

Zion did not deny it.

"Well... she's pretty, isn't she? It could be my taste if I play with her for a night."

Arius felt bitter at the words coming out of the boy's mouth. Well, he grew up in the royal city, so his experience must have been different from that of his peers in puberty.

Anyway, he was not interested in the royal family's romance. He dug up the power of the archangel. Only that made him excited.

"Then let's decide on the place and time."

While the three of them were making a meticulous plan, Uorin spent a boring time in a corner, feeling left out.

She stroked the cat and it meowed. She also smiled and replied with a meow.

@

The royal city was festive.

Siro, the first prince candidate, showed off his powerful dignity, and the servants shed tears of joy and were moved by force.

A grand party was held and even after the sun set, the grand hall was bright as day.

Long tables were set up along the edge of the hall and delicacies were served. The court musicians played music and nobles and ladies chatted.

Nobles followed their tastes and greeted Siro.

"I saw your demonstration well. It was a great verification. The test results haven't come out yet, but I can tell by your dance that you have royal blood, haha."

Siro just listened and a quick-witted noble took over.

"Is there any doubt? It's also thanks to your grace that you met after 18 years. Don't you think so too, Siro?"

Siro didn't answer this time either.

He didn't fall for it anymore. The law and manners of the royal city were nothing but masks to hide their true feelings. If they took off those masks, they all had cold faces like him.
[Translated block]


'Are these people enemies or allies?'

It seemed like a fate that royalty had to live their lives thinking that way.

The loudest person in the banquet hall was Eliza.

She praised Shirone as if she knew everything about her, even though she had never raised her.

Do you want me to translate anything else?
[Translated block]