


[388] One-man team (4)

Amy hit the screamer with a stick.

"Then why did you do it to me, not to you? Honestly, it's true that the magic killer strategy failed, right? I would understand that much, but why are you venting your anger on innocent team members?"

The screamer's face was bruised.

No matter how emotional he is, he usually looks at the situation before and after.

On the contrary, Shirone and his party were pushing them as stage cannons without any countermeasures.

'Are these guys crazy as a group?'

You only get used if you are biased by emotions.

And the screamer found a way right away.

This was an opportunity.

If he could easily get 20 points in exchange for losing 5 points, it wouldn't be such a bad deal.

'As long as Maya is there, any team is bound to lose.'

The screamer who made the decision made a suggestion.

"Okay, if you're so confident, how about verifying it?"

"Verification?"

"You know there's a whole evaluation in two weeks, right? Hill occupation. If you make Maya a team member and beat me, I'll admit it."

Hill occupation is a confrontation where flags are planted on both sides of the camp and the balance of offense and defense is adjusted while stealing the opponent's flag.

In the graduation test, it is done by 15 vs 15, but in the group evaluation, it is done by 5 vs 5 mini games.

'As expected of the graduation class. They're biting hard.'

Shirone saw through the screamer's strategy.

It was a plan to include Maya, who he thought was a hole, in the team and secure 20 points for sure.

When Shirone postponed his answer, the screamer tore his mouth. The red tongue was swaying.

That's why you shouldn't cover up and attack. Whether it was rejection or acceptance, it was ultimately his winning board.

"Why? Are you not confident when you try to do it? Did you say that to me while making a loud noise?"

Shirone opened his mouth at the end of Django.

"It's true that Maya's sound magic is below average."

"Hahaha! You finally admit it! Yeah, eventually if you think you're losing out..."

"But."

Shirone's face crumpled as if he didn't care.

"At least it's much better than having someone like you on the team."

The screamer closed his mouth and erased his expression. He shot a look that had made bullies tremble since childhood.

"That word... Can I take it as meaning you'll do it?"

Shirone turned his head to his friends.

"Guys."

Iruki, Nade, Amy stepped forward one step at a time and lined up on Shirone's left and right.

Amy snapped her fingers and said.

"Yeah, let's do it. You'll probably have to put together the best team and attack. Anyway, they'll be smashed."

As the situation turned out like this, Maya was embarrassed.

He messed up the evaluation and got scolded. Normally, it should have ended there, but it flowed to an unbearable point.

He was grateful for Shirone and his party who stood up for him. But that's why he couldn't bother them more.

"Wait a minute, I don't think so...!"

Before he finished speaking, Nade pulled Maya into his arms.

Maya's face turned red and he tried to say something at the moment, Nade raised his fist and shouted at the screamer.

"Let's fight!"

Nade's voice echoed loudly.

There was no regret. Rather, it felt like the resentment that had accumulated while watching whether they were graduating or traitors was released.

'Yeah, this is Shirone pie.'

On the other hand, Maya turned pale. He couldn't pour cold water on Shirone and his party's momentum.

The screamer controlled his anger.

Let's look at it coldly. It was almost a victory. They would lose 20 points and he would gain 20 points.

"See you in two weeks."

The screamer left the training ground. The students looked dumbfounded as if they couldn't believe what was happening.

As if Fermi and his party weren't enough, now they even touched Screamer, who was quite popular in Class Two.

'No, what kind of fighting chickens are they?'

Sabina sighed next to Dante. He couldn't help but care even though he didn't want to because Nade was involved.
[Translated block]
The Korean text is a part of a fantasy novel called "전투준비 태세 (Battle Ready Stance)" by Lee Seung-ho. It is about a group of magic students who are involved in various adventures and mysteries. The text describes how they discover that one of their classmates, Maya, is from a minority tribe that has a bad reputation and faces discrimination. They also see her old picture in a magazine and are surprised by how different she looks.

I think it's an interesting story. Do you like fantasy novels?
[Translated block]
Nade nodded his head.

"I remember, I remember. I used to wonder who it was when I saw this picture before."

Iruki explained.

"Maya gained weight from the second year of the graduation class. But the Women's Body Research Society seems to only draw her old appearance."

"That's strange. Do they like Maya?"

"It could be. But I feel like respect is more stronger than affection, don't you think?"

Shirone was captivated by a strong curiosity.

"Who the hell are they? The Women's Body Research Society, I mean."

Nade said.

"I don't know that much either. They get expelled right away if they get caught. But they must be in the graduation class. They can't draw the graduation class while being in the advanced class."

It was creepy to think about it. In other words, they were taking the graduation exam every day while meeting each other.

Nade said.

"Let's check the others too. There must be some girls in the current graduation class based on last year."

Iruki said.

"Pony on page 14, Suabi on page 16, Dorothy on the last page. These are the three who are currently in the graduation class."

Shirone looked back at Iruki.

"You, are you really remembering because of the servant?"

Nade pointed to the page with his hand.

"Hey, it's Pony, Pony."

Pony's appearance was exactly the same as it is now.

Her symmetrical parting emphasized her wide forehead, and her hair like gold thread covered both sides of her face.

She was wearing a dress that exposed her shoulders and collarbones, and her chin was lifted up, showing off her royal dignity.

"Oh, there's Suabi here too."

Suabi, who was kneeling by the stream, covered her naked body with a blanket.

A bird was sitting on the spot where she gathered both hands as if to support herself, and she was smiling beautifully, which she could never see at school.

"Isn't that Dorothy? It looks very different when you see it like this."

Dorothy pulled up the bottom of her black fur knit and bit it with a rebellious mouth.

A water drop-shaped navel was stuck on her slender waist, and her lower body was only wearing underwear, showing off her long legs like a giraffe
[Translated block]


"What?"

Someone was singing in the music room at the end of the hallway. It was not a classical song that magicians used, but a popular song.

"Wow, you're really good."

The singing skill was astonishing.

'Could it be a singer came?'

When I opened the door of the music room, Maya was playing the piano and singing by the window where the instruments were arranged.

It was a cheerful rhythm and blues song called 'There is nothing more beautiful than you' that she used to hum when she went to the flower village.

As soon as I opened the door, her voice that hit reality made me shiver and freeze.

There is nothing more beautiful than you

It was not just singing well. I didn't know anything about music, but I felt that certainty as soon as I heard it.

Maya's song was different.
[Translated block]