


```text
[504] Wholeheartedly (3)

McLean Gopin.

The fact that humans were the closest to the extinction of the Akashic Records throughout the history of heaven left a deep wound on the angels.

There is no oblivion in the angel's glory, but the existence that had become fossilized by being pressed by the weight of memory because it was too long ago now came to mind clearly in Piel's glory.

'It was like that then.'

The question that had been preserved in cold memory thawed and confusion came again.

Are humans strong or weak?

Why do they sometimes reach a sublime spiritual body that transcends it while being swayed by mere animalistic desires?

Humans are creatures that have been defined tens of thousands of times by countless beings, but words that can perfectly describe them have not yet been created.

Is it because they are so complex?

'No.'

Piel thought.

'It's not fixed.'

Humans are constantly moving toward something right now.

'That's why they have to be destroyed.'

Piel's glory exploded.

The light wheel, which was expanding fast enough to swallow up heaven, tightened at a faster speed and disappeared into a speck of dust.

"No!"

Ikael, who was approaching quickly, tearing through the sky, realized the situation and shouted.

Apatheia-Extinction of Extinction.

Piel's patented extinction of extinction was an ability that condensed the concept of extinction of origin, and once activated, it was the worst and strongest technique that even archangels avoided.

"I will execute the will of the archangel."

The eyes drawn with light in Piel's hood turned into perfect circles like halos.

A deep and clear dot was marked in the center of those two circles.

It was a ridiculous face, but if you look closely, it was an eye that was so inhuman and ruthless that it would make you shiver, and therefore feel awe.

'It's strange.'

Syrone couldn't muster up the courage to counterattack.

Piel, who looked through Jikji, was nothing more than a shell, and currently the concept of extinction of origin was evenly spread throughout the world.

That was why the glory disappeared.

-Close the world.

As Piel slowly closed his eyes, the colors of the scenery containing Syrone began to fade little by little.

"Krrrrrrrrrrrr!"

Syrone shivered as he felt the disappearance of his avatar.

Ah me.

If I disappear, so does the universe.

That was exactly what extinction of extinction was, closing the world by closing oneself.

"Uaaaaaaa!"

Although extinction of extinction had not yet closed half, Syrone struggled with despair.

If he had not equipped Armand's avatar with Ichiji Yushinjo's principle, he would have already dissolved into nothingness.

'I have to endure! If I don't endure...'

It will eventually disappear.

But all Syrone could do was maintain his avatar a little bit.

Extinction of extinction declared an end to Syrone's world at an exact time and at an exact speed.

A blood vessel burst in Syrone's eye with a thud, and blood flowed from his nose as well.

He tried his best to maintain his avatar, but closing his eyes or not was Piel's choice.

And this was the powerful power that the archangel's original concept possessed.

'I'm angry...!'

His presence faded and Spirit Zone couldn't exert its influence either.

And finally, as he entered a level below matter, Syrone's body became translucent.

"You're pretty good for a Nephilim."

Piel's voice sounded directly.

"But now your world will be closed."

Piel's eyes sank like he was sleepy.

It was just before Syrone became completely transparent as if he had never existed in the world.

"Huh!"

At that moment, Syrone's avatar burned with intense light.

Extinction of extinction opened with a flash and Syrone's appearance appeared clearly on the landscape as if engraved on it.

Only Ikael could amplify his avatar in an instant that had gone out all at once.

"Syrone!"

"Where are you running!"

Satiel followed Ikael and grabbed her neck and slammed her to the ground.
```
[Translated block]


“Kwuk!”

Then he laid Ikael between his legs and pressed his neck down as if to crush his upper body.

As the glory body spread out as a light wheel and the ability of decomposition was applied, Ikael's wings of light lost their strength and died.

He had used his power to regain his memory, and he had just revived Shirone's avatar, so Ikael had no room to resist.

“Ikael! Kwuk!”

Shirone tried to run, but the eye of extinction closed again and bound Shirone.

“Payel! Kill him! I'll destroy Ikael!”

The eye of extinction, which shows the optimal efficiency in destroying one entity, but Payel's mind is also scattered to the world, leaving him defenseless.

But Satiel blocked Ikael, and all the disadvantages were offset.

“Disappear! The shame of angels!”

Satiel's eyes were filled with resentment that humans could not physically accumulate for a long time.

‘Because of you, if it weren't for you……!’

“Kuuuuu!”

Shirone, who was looking at Ikael being decomposed, cast magic with all her might.

“Ikaeeeeeel!”

Shining Chain wrapped around Satiel's body.

She had seen how much Payel suffered with her own eyes and shuddered.

But the chain of light did not give her any restraint and just passed through her body.

“Kuuuuuk!”

Shirone clenched her teeth in frustration.

The magic was not properly implemented because the eye of extinction was more than half closed.

Satiel, who briefly showed a relieved expression, pressed Ikael down again with a venomous look.

A face that I hate to see.

So beautiful that I hate this face!

“I'll ruin it before I destroy it!”

Judicial Light Wheel-Nostalgia.

Pupupupupupuk!

Light fragments sprang from Ikael's face.

Break it.

Her authority, her beauty, her hateful memories, all decomposed!

“Uaaaaaa!”

Bang!

A dull shock was applied to Satiel's jawbone.

‘Huh?’

Satiel realized that her body was pushed back late and grabbed the ground to balance herself.

She looked puzzled at the person who had attacked her by surprise.

There weren't many beings in heaven who could push back the body of an archangel with such force.

“Kariel? Why are you……?”

Kariel stood there with an excited expression.

As far as Satiel knew, his hatred was not much different from hers.

‘But why?’

Even Ikael, who had been helped, looked at Kariel as if he was speechless.

He understood their feelings.

To be honest, he didn't even know why he attacked Satiel himself.

‘What have I done?’

I'll destroy Ikael.

He flew in because he wanted to end her with his own hands for throwing his heart at a mere human being.

Maybe it was because his mental strength was weakened?

The moment he saw Satiel's nostalgia, the glory body shook violently, and then he couldn't remember anything.

Kariel slowly turned his eyes and met Ikael's eyes.

Although it was not a complete will, he saved her in the end.

I hate Ikael.

But what Kariel felt right now was... a clear expectation.

“Is it that the mind is contradictory?”

Woorin nodded his head.

“Yeah. In fact, altruism is a serious error from the perspective of the universal principle of survival of the fittest. Then what is altruism? It is nothing but another selfishness that loves one's altruistic self. As if he hates himself so much because he loves that person so much that he deludes himself into having the right to hate him.”

Gando thought.

Do I... hate Woorin?

“Uaaaaaa!”

All the angels' eyes were drawn to Shirone's scream.

It wasn't just because they paid attention to one human's cry.

Shirone's mind, which had been spreading recklessly, was collapsing as if it had been swept away by a huge wave.
[Translated block]


"Shirone!"

Ikael ran past Kariel and rushed to Shirone.

The extreme form of amplification, the end of the explosion.

If he doesn't stop here, Shirone's mind will be torn to shreds and never return to its original state.

"Krrrrrrr!"

Shirone clutched his head and writhed in pain.

His thoughts were tearing apart as if his brain was tearing apart.

It was a different dimension of violence from the euphoria he felt when he opened the immortal function.

'No! Not yet!'

He tried to maintain his concentration somehow, but his mind was already swollen beyond control.

Ikael squeezed out his last strength and activated Ataraxia.

He had no choice but to amplify the power of the avatar once again and postpone the explosion.

It was like pouring water into a broken jar, but he didn't hesitate.

If he could save Shirone for five minutes, or even a little bit, he could give up everything.

'Why......'

Kariel stood blankly and followed Ikael with his eyes as he passed by.

Did she not care about him?

"Phiel! Kill Shirone!"

Satiel shouted as he rushed in with a fierce expression.

The more Ikael sacrificed for Shirone, the more Satiel's anger grew.

'It should have been mine! All of that should have been mine!'

Kariel snapped out of it when he saw Satiel aiming for Ikael's back.

Judicial Light Wheel-Simulark.

As if cheese was leaking out of a compressed leather pouch, countless mechanical parts popped out of the space and began to assemble at the same time.

Chwarararararak!

The object that appeared after completing 36,000 processes in an instant was a weapon with eight blades like a spear on a human-sized bronze shield.

Simulark-It spins without stopping, and it gets stronger as it spins, and it gets harder as it gets stronger, and it spins faster as it gets harder.

It was an object with a crude name for something created by the Archangel of Creation, but the situation was urgent.

Nostalgia-Physics Collapse.

Satiel, who realized the mechanism beyond human intelligence, widened his eyes and activated his ability.

The weapon shook and then decomposed from completion to mechanism, from mechanism to component, from component to part.

The speed was so fast that it looked like an explosion without fire or sound.

The weapon that passed Satiel at the level of detailed parts disappeared again from alloy to mineral, from mineral to molecule, from molecule to atom.

"Hmph! Do you think you can beat me?"

He had never fought Kariel before, but he had no idea that he would be pushed back by the lowest-ranked archangel in combat power.

"......"

When Ikael blocked Shirone, Phiel finally gave up on maintaining the ruin of extinction.

"What is this mess, Archangel."

He didn't like the situation where everything was messed up by the archangels getting tangled up with each other.

In the end, the same thing is happening as before.

Shirone. And Gepin.

When humans get involved, everything goes wrong.

"It's time to end this."

Thump!

Phiel's body flew into the sky as he slammed the ground.

Kuuuuuuung!

And he landed on the ground, crushing Kariel who was fighting Satiel.

"Ka, Kariel?"

Seeing her buried in the ground with a broken waist, Satiel had to loosen his expression and back off even though he had been fighting fiercely until then.

In fact, he had no personal feelings for her.

No, on one hand, he had felt a comradeship with her who had opposed Ikael together.

"An angel who has lost his authority has no value in existence."

Leaving those words behind, Phiel left his seat and Kariel's condition finally came into view.

"Kariel...... are you okay?"

As he approached to check her condition, Satiel's eyes were filled with wonder.

Maybe it was because it had been too long.

Kariel, who was looking at the sky, was smiling peacefully like never before.

As if everything was happy then......
[Translated block]