


```text
[392] Combat Ready Stance (5)

Shirone didn't look back. She couldn't understand why she was acting like this.

"Maya."

"Can't we have a meeting while eating something delicious? I've wanted to do that for a long time."

"Maya."

At the second call, Maya turned around.

"Huh?"

Shirone closed her mouth.

As soon as she met her eyes, she felt like the words in her head were running away in all directions. She couldn't say anything that wasn't clear. That was the problem.

"You don't have to fight with Screamer because of us. It seems like you're worried these days."

She felt like it was cowardly to borrow Iluki's words, but if this solved it, there was no need to argue.

"Hey, no. It's a whole evaluation anyway. I'm sorry I feel like I'm being a burden."

As Maya turned the doorknob and tried to leave, Shirone realized that she couldn't stand it anymore.

"Then why are you doing this?"

Shirone's voice rose, but Maya didn't flinch. She smiled awkwardly and scratched her cheek as usual.

"I don't know no matter how much I think about it. Why are you avoiding me these days? I can feel it."

"Did I... do something wrong?"

"That's not what I mean."

"Then why do I have to be nice to you?"

Shirone's steps stopped. It felt like a sharp blade stabbed her chest and went in.

"What do you want from me? What do you want me to do for you? Do you want me to always look at you and laugh hehe?"

Shirone couldn't understand why Maya was doing this. If there was a misunderstanding, she could solve it. But this wasn't a misunderstanding.

"It's your freedom how you treat me..."

Maya sneered. She felt a little bit of understanding Amy's words that she was dying inside. But she had no intention of changing her answer that day.

"Then Shirone, can you love me?"

Shirone's face hardened.

At the expected reaction, Maya lowered her eyes with sad eyes.

She also felt the wind that blew in the music room that day in her chest.

'Shirone, I'm different from Amy. I'm not cold or strong. If I can't lean on you, every day will be hell. I'll only think about you. If you can't love me, we have to end it here. We have to leave it alone.'

Shirone's trembling eyes gradually sank. Her face, which had been startled like a rabbit, also calmed down.

Maya prepared herself. But still, she couldn't help feeling hopeful.

What would Shirone say?

I love you? Actually, I liked you too?

All kinds of fluttering words came to mind, but she already knew the outcome.

I'm sorry.

She felt terrible already. She wouldn't be able to get out of it for a while. She would cry all night.

'But this is it. This is the end.'

Maya lifted her head with determination. But as soon as she saw Shirone's firm eyes, her heart dropped without fail.

"Maya, I..."

"Ah, ahahaha!"

Shirone's face changed absurdly. She cried as if it was really funny, and Maya approached her wiping under her eyes with her index finger.

"It's a joke, a joke! Geez, you're so naive."

"A joke?"

"You did that at the graduation class event too. You're doing it again. If you keep coming out like this, I'll tell Amy?"

Shirone couldn't grasp it. She felt like she was standing in the middle of an unreal world.

"But you haven't been talking lately..."

"Ah, my head was so complicated that I had no time to think about anything else. My parents are expecting me at home and my grades are dropping. I'm sorry. From now on, never! I won't ignore you like that."

Shirone felt relieved. She felt like she had to sort out her thoughts, but Maya didn't give her any time.

"Come on, come on! Let's go! Iluki is waiting. Capture the high ground! We're going to win for sure?"
```
[Translated block]


“Huh? Oh, yeah.”

Maya pushed Shirone's back and left the music room. Her face, as she crossed the threshold, was clenched with her teeth and her eyes tightly closed.

‘Ha, I came in. What do I do now?’

It felt like crossing the gates of hell.

* * *

There is a cave in the northeastern mountain range of Alpheus Magic School that goes down 20 meters underground.

And if you get out of the complex labyrinth there, you will find the Golden Circle where Fermi is president.

It was a spacious and splendid room that could be called a mansion.

The table was filled with all kinds of delicacies, and waiters in tuxedos carried wine and filled empty glasses.

In the center, beautiful dancers danced and the music of seven musicians was softly laid.

The number of top-level employees residing in the Golden Circle was 40.

The labor cost alone exceeded 700 gold per day, and all this was for the sake of five members.

Fermi enjoyed wine sitting on the sofa. On the carpet, a white-furred tiger lay asleep with a collar around its neck.

Around him, on four sofas placed on the left and right, sat the members of the Golden Circle who were called Fermi's party.

“Finally, the monthly income exceeded 7 million gold. Breaking 10 million is also within sight.”

It was not an amount that students could handle, but Fermi was just indifferent.

The quick-witted members kept their mouths shut. On a day like today when an emergency meeting was convened, they had to be careful what they said.

“Arian Shirone…….”

As Fermi opened his mouth, the members began to say what they had prepared as if they were waiting.

“Do we need to worry about it? We'll have to step on it someday, but how about focusing more on business?”

“I think so too. He's a kid who doesn't know the world. Can't we just graduate him?”

It's not worth tearing down the house to catch a fly.

There was no guarantee that such a thing would not happen as long as Fermi showed his emotions.

“That's why we can't leave him alone.”

“Fermi, aren't you too stressed? You can ignore provocations.”

“I can ignore provocations. But this is a risk. A risk that threatens the existence of the Golden Circle.”

They followed whatever Fermi said, but they couldn't empathize with classifying Shirone as a risk factor.

“Of course Shirone is an amazing rookie. But you know what? We are pros. We make money, but also our skills. We can control him enough in the graduation exam.”

Fermi turned his wine glass with cold eyes.

“Do you know why you can't make big money? Because you don't know that the problem that has come up now has been going on for a long time. Or you overlook it even if you know it. Today's risk becomes an unbearable risk in the future. If you don't prepare from now on, there will be no solution when it comes.”

The members closed their mouths. As always, Fermi was right.

“From now on, Shirone is classified as a top-level risk factor that threatens the Golden Circle. We'll start with a proper analysis. He's going to team up with Screamer, right? What about his teammates?”

Sona Hershey reported the results of eavesdropping.

“Screamer, Pony, Luman, Suabi, Aider. The team was completed yesterday.”

“Hmm, Luman and Suabi. 2 util, magic killer combo.”

It was a team that Screamer had put together using his connections as expected. It was surprising that Dorothy was missing, but she probably refused. She was a woman with an amazingly sharp intuition.

“He must have a strong pride and want to prove himself. It will be completely different from strategy and tactics. It won't be easy for Shirone to defeat Screamer's team with Maya.”

In a confrontation where teamwork is central like annihilation missions, magic killer strategies are quite powerful.

In strategy and tactics situations, Shirone's team annihilated more than three hundred monsters in three minutes and 28 seconds, but Screamer's team killed more than one hundred and fifty monsters by himself alone.

He enhances one person extremely and causes balance collapse.
[Translated block]


These strategies will shine more in one-on-one confrontations, and the Shiron team had to build a perfect balance. In such a situation, Maya's existence could not be anything but poison.

"That's not enough. I'm going to figure out all the advantages that Shiron has in this opportunity. I'm going to scratch everything out, even what's hidden inside."

"How are you going to do that? The overall evaluation is based on the acquisition score, so the participants do their best in this event. The Screamer team is also fully prepared."

Fermi tapped the sofa twice. A bluish aura swirled around his body, and dark things quickly moved back and forth under his raised hand.

Off-balance sheet-depreciation trade.

Ping! A casino chip popped up and spun with a sound.

Fermi caught the chip falling vertically and threw it back to Hershey.

There was a swirl picture in the center of the chip, and the edge was a black and white cross pattern.

"This is......"

Hershey looked at Fermi as if surprised.

It was a very valuable chip for this kind of use. It was worth more than 400,000 gold in market value.

'He's serious, Fermi.'

Shiron will definitely become a future enemy. It was a chip that could never come out without being sure of that.

"Go ahead and trade with that. The contract condition is to make Shiron do his best in the hill occupation. He'll show his true colors if you scratch him gently."

"Got it. Anything else to say?"

Fermi's mouth twisted wickedly after thinking for a moment.

"Don't worry about the aftermath and do it hot."

Hill Occupation (1)

It was the day of the hill occupation evaluation.

The first thing that 30 students looked at after gathering at the training ground was the members of the opposing team.

Shiron also checked out the Screamer team.

Pony was a strategic ally of Screamer, and Suabi and Ruman were key factors in the magic killer strategy. Lastly, they seemed to have formed a solid team by including Aider, who was trustworthy.

Six teams gathered and the evaluation teacher explained.

"Today is hill occupation. You probably already know your opponent team. Six teams will compete at the same time, and there is no time limit. The team that scores 5 points first wins, and the team that loses 20 points each gets 20 points deducted. The battle place is the main battlefield of hill occupation number 2000."

Shiron looked at the battlefield.

It was a rectangular shape with a length of 200 meters and a width of 50 meters, surrounded by glass walls 20 meters high. Inside, there were hills 10 meters high on both sides of the camp, with flags stuck in the middle.

It was conducted in round zero, and when the flag was pulled out, number 2000 ended for a moment and moved on to the next round.

"Space movement is prohibited for advanced strategy tactics. Also, flying height is limited to 20 meters of barrier, and if you go higher than that, you are disqualified. If your body touches the flag, you can't use any magic through your own magic control device. Don't cry later and remember clearly."

When holding onto the flag, you are defenseless, so there is a high chance of being attacked by the enemy.

Therefore, it was important to have at least two people occupy the hill and cooperate to pull out the flag.

The teacher's explanation continued.

When entering the battlefield, each team's formation is divided based on the central 100-meter line, and each team member performs their mission from their assigned position.

The positions were forward, winger, linker, and guard, a total of four.

The forward starts from 10 meters ahead of the friendly camp based on the center line and rushes toward the enemy team's flag.

The winger moves along the left and right lines, but it is common to start from 20 meters ahead of defense than forward. However, because defense is relatively less attached, movement speed is often faster.

The linker starts from 50 meters on the center line and adjusts the balance of offense and defense.

In other words, depending on the opponent's strategy, he can help one wing or rush with forward. He even performed a role of retreating to the flag side with guard and blocking out opponents. He was a multiplayer who could do anything.
[Translated block]


The guard keeps the flag on the hill for the last time. It was a defensive position that could easily defend against any enemy forward who penetrated, as they could not cast magic while holding the flag.
[Translated block]