


[205] 3. Ra, the Eternal (2)

What does that mean?

It was impossible to see this place from Aravot, as it was blocked by a barrier and too far away. I didn't know how good Ikael's eyesight was, but there was no chance he was looking at us.

"Don't be so disappointed. 'Seeing' for angels is different from 'seeing' for humans. There are different perspectives of 'seeing', and one of them is 'bending sight', which is the ability to see what you want to see. In other words, angels can see everything if they wish."

I couldn't imagine it easily.

According to Peope, it meant that if they wanted to see something, they just saw it.

Even the monster with a hundred eyes in the fairy tale didn't use such a trivial ability to torment the prince.

"That's true. The reason why Ikasa arrived first after the seal of Ilhwa was broken was because he was bending his sight to Shama'in. Well... that's why he's still a fallen angel, being so petty."

The fallen angels who lived in the second heaven were lower than the fairies who lived in the fourth heaven, so Peope criticized Ikasa without hesitation.

It was a scene that showed how far an angel with the highest position in heaven could fall when he committed a sin.

"But if they can see what they want to see, then angels know everything in the world."

"Not necessarily. It's hard to decide what to see. Think about it. Even if you could bend your sight, could you grasp everything in the world?"

"No. It would be difficult."

Sirone recalled the time when an angel came to Nor's shelter.

Gardrak said this. The angel could find this place if he wanted to, but it wouldn't happen.

"Because no one checks their fingerprints every day."

"Huh? You knew that story? That's exactly it. Anyway, if Lord Ikael is bending his sight here, he might be able to respond to my voice."

Canis was annoyed. Magicians hated relying on probability, but this case was too extreme.

"It's a slim chance. This place could be his fingerprint. And even if he is bending his sight here, where is the guarantee that he will help us?"

"There is no guarantee. I just came along to give you a glimmer of hope. The one who is waiting for us where we are going is Lord Kariel, the archangel. Do you know what that means? You can't win even if you die and come back."

Sirone faced reality. If the one who had his friends was an archangel, he needed at least an ally of the same rank to have a chance of escape.

"Okay. Let's try this way. I trust you."

Peope clicked her tongue, thinking that Norians were too suspicious. Anyway, she also jumped in with some possibility.

There were no angels who checked their fingerprints every day, but maybe Ikael did. She had heard that he was merciful and often cared for his people.

"Then I'll start. Don't touch me once the conversation begins. I don't want to be disrespectful to the archangel."

Peope closed her eyes and concentrated. Her plea spread out in circles.

Sirone waited anxiously. But nothing changed for five minutes.

Was it impossible after all?

The fear of losing hope for rescuing his friends was much greater than the disappointment of failure.

At that moment, when the party's hearts were sinking into despair, Peope's body shivered.

Soon after, hot tears flowed from her closed eyes.

"Oh, Lord Ikael."

Sirone looked at Peope as if his head would break.

It was clear that the conversation with Ikael had begun. He barely held back all kinds of noises, remembering Peope's request.

Peope and Ikael talked for quite a long time. She nodded her head repeatedly and sometimes answered out loud.
[Translated block]
```text
"Ah, I see. You're curious about the security of this place, right?"

Peope smiled and explained.

"This place is protected by the divine power of God. No one can enter or leave without God's permission. That's why there's no need for guards or barriers. Only those who are chosen by God can come here."

She pointed at the glowing mark on her chest.

"Like this. This is the sign of God's blessing. It means that God has recognized me as his servant and granted me access to his throne."

She looked at Siro with admiration.

"And you too. You have the same mark as me. That means God wants to see you personally. Isn't that amazing?"

Siro felt uneasy. He didn't know why he had the mark or what God wanted from him. He wondered if it had something to do with his ability to manipulate time.

He decided to ask Peope.

"Hey, Peope. Do you know why I have this mark? And what does God want from me?"

Peope shook her head.

"I don't know. I only know that God is very interested in you. Maybe he wants to test you or give you a mission or something."

She shrugged.

"Or maybe he just wants to chat with you. Who knows? God is mysterious and unpredictable. You'll find out soon enough."

She gestured at the towering spire.

"Come on, let's go. We're almost there. The entrance is at the top of the stairs."

She grabbed Siro's hand and pulled him along.

Siro followed her reluctantly. He hoped that meeting God would not be a bad thing for him and his friends.

He glanced back at Canis and Lian, who were waiting at the bottom of the stairs.

They nodded at him, encouraging him to go ahead.

He took a deep breath and climbed up the stairs with Peope.

He wondered what awaited him at the end of his journey.
```
[Translated block]


```text
Peope stopped abruptly and looked at Canis with a blank expression. It was as if he had heard that 1 plus 1 was a window.

"Are you serious? Rake protects us. How can we protect God?"

Siroene nodded belatedly.

"Oh. I see."

He is not a king as humans say in the world.

If he is a universal absolute being, then someone protecting him would even lower his divinity.

Siroene's party arrived at the spire of Arabot and prepared to part ways for their missions.

Ikael wanted to meet Siroene alone. He needed the help of the archangel to find Amy's party, so Lian and Canis had no complaints about the discrimination.

Peope, who had a mission to guide Siroene to Ikael's room, told Canis and Lian about the memories he got from Igirin.

A rough map of Jebul was engraved in their heads.

"The place where the girls are is probably the Great World War at the east end. It's where Kariel-sama resides."

Canis recalled Igirin's memory and found the location of the Great World War. It was a long distance even if he teleported. But the real problem was not the distance.

"What you need to know is that you can't enter the Great World War just like that. It's a place that governs the movement of the world, so it's surrounded by the highest level of security devices."

"Security devices? You mean obstacles?"

"I wouldn't even say that. In short, the Great World War doesn't exist in Jebul."

"Please don't make me angry and explain it so I can understand."

"Some of Meka System's technology can change the information of a specific space. In other words, they sent it to another dimension. To enter the Great World War, you have to block Meka System first."

"How do you block it?"

"If you look at the map of Jebul, there is a portal to Inggris. It's a place that controls all the information of heaven, and you should be able to block Meka System there too."

"Huh? Inggris?"

It was a place he heard when he made a contract with the Kergo chief. Kadum asked him to convey his will to Inggris, but he didn't care at that time either. He didn't have any obligation to fulfill the contract because he didn't receive anything.

Now that things turned out like this, he thought it was an excellent decision to refuse their hospitality.

But Inggris had a different meaning for Canis.

It was the reason why he came to heaven by abandoning Metagate, and the place where he assumed Arcane had obtained the knowledge that made him a grand mage.

While analyzing his master's notes, Canis focused on mythology.

If heaven had influenced humanity for a long time, then its records would be embedded in mythology rather than history.

That's how he realized that there was a place that appeared commonly in different mythologies.

That place was Inggris.

The hall of knowledge where all the secrets of the world were recorded.

"I'll take care of that. You go to the Great World War while I disable Meka System. It should buy us some time."

It sounded good to buy time, but it was no different from telling him to go alone.

But Lian thought that was exactly what he could do best.

"I agree. We're going to Jebul now. Siroene, you have to find a way no matter what."

"Yeah. You guys be careful too. I'll come as soon as possible."

He didn't even have time to watch his friends head to Jebul before Siroene entered the tower.

A vast interior without even pillars unfolded. The floor was made of glass material and there was no dust let alone footprints.

Peope relied on Igirin's memory and led Siroene to the corner of the tower.

"Huh? Why is there nothing?"

According to his memory, there should have been an elevator here. But there was no visible device around.

At that moment, light leaked from the cracks in the floor and flashed and exploded with blinding light.
```
[Translated block]


Shirone looked back at the changed scenery before she knew it.

The place she arrived at was like the backbone of a fish, with corridors branching out. There were paths on both sides every 10 meters, and a golden iron gate stood at the end of the corridor.

Peope looked back at Shirone in front of the iron gate.

"From here on, it's Ikael's territory. As promised, I can't go in. Angels can communicate with all beings, so you won't need me. Just in case, I'll send you the map of Jebul."
[Translated block]