


[486] Night of Heaven (4)

"It's impossible."

Uriel shook his head.

He had suggested to the Archangel of Light, Rael, to undo the stop magic that had been cast on Cariel, but the answer he got back was surprisingly a refusal.

"Why? With your ability, you should be able to reverse the stopped time easily."

Rael's original concept was light.

He could manipulate electromagnetism freely and was the fastest in heaven.

"Should I call it the logic of power?"

Rael told the other three archangels about the incident where he clashed with Ikael.

"He banned the activities of the angels of Ra and Archangel Ikael followed Ra's will. For that reason, I can't release Cariel."

If Ikael had made that decision, there was only one way Uriel could choose.

"I will activate Baekgyeong."

Heaven's highest executioner, Baekgyeong.

The scenery disappeared and a white space filled up, and the archangels showed up one after another.

Cariel, who was under stop magic, couldn't come, of course, and this time, the Archangel of Annihilation, Piel, was also absent.

The other archangels knew that it was because the highest authority in heaven, the Archangel of Amplification, Ikael, had come.

"Uriel, why did you activate Baekgyeong?"

The eyes of the Archangel of Four Powers, who had persuaded by the logic of power, were more authoritative than ever.

"Cariel was hit by human magic. I want to borrow Rael's power in this wartime situation."

Ikael thought for a moment and opened his mouth.

"I allow it."

The eyes of the archangels were simultaneously focused on Ikael.

"Is that okay? Cariel's rebellion has resulted in dispersing heaven's power. He should also be held accountable for that."

"Victory in war is a priority."

The archangels closed their mouths.

The activities of the angels of Ra were banned by Ra, and the resistance of humans was much stronger than expected.

Of course, it didn't seem like they would lose yet, but it was shameful to even think that way.

'Why did Ra ban the activities of the angels?'

It was a fact that even the archangels who handled the original concepts could not know.

"Mirka is dead."

The Archangel of Union, Metiel, said.

She had her thin hair stretched out like gold on both sides and showed an expression of anger that her beautiful face seemed unable to make.

"Shirone, it's Nephilim's doing."

As the name of a boy appeared, the eyes looking at Ikael became sharp again.

Fairy second-class Mirka.

She was like the highest adult in the inner government and her death spread quickly throughout heaven, and Shirone became the enemy of countless fairies.

"Is he that strong, just a Nephilim?"

The Archangel of Decomposition, Satiel, said.

She looked like a twin with Metiel in appearance, but she had a violent temperament that anyone could distinguish them.

Her energy was detected by the archangels and their glory bodies emitted light at once.

If this place wasn't Baekgyeong, where everything is integrated, everything around would have been decomposed into particles.

Ikael spoke to the dissatisfied archangels.

"I already said I would take care of Shirone."

Metatron opened his mouth.

"That's the problem. Why are you obsessed with Nephilim? Could it be that boy..."

Metatron's words were cut off and silence came over Baekgyeong.

Even the archangels who had nothing to fear in the world did not think of making a sound.

Metatron's mouth disappeared.

It was as if he had covered it with skin below his nose.

There was only one case where this was possible.

Anke Ra.

His will was first activated in an event where even the archangels just rolled their eyes.

In fact, Metatron's question was also a question for all archangels, but now they had to be careful not to offend him.

'What exactly does Ra want...'

The erasure of an original concept means that even if Akashic Records dominates part of it, it causes too much change.

That's why he only made his mouth disappear, but he conveyed his will that he would erase him if he offended him a little.
[Translated block]


'As expected, there was something. What is the relationship between Shirone and me?'

Ikael felt Ra's will as well, but any further interest was poison.

Since he had already made a decision before losing his memory, if Ra had revived him, following that will was the most clear solution.

"I will kill Shirone."

Ikael's declaration pressed down on the white wall with a tremendous pressure.

"As you can see, Ra's will is firm. The activities of the Seraphim are forbidden. However, only the Archangels are allowed to protect Aravot. This is my conclusion. I will now vote."

As expected, the result was unanimous.

* * *

Miro's head, who was sitting cross-legged in a deep cave with his eyes closed, began to glow brightly.

Archangel Raphael had released the stop on Cariel, and the time left until the explosion, 0.1 seconds, began to decrease again.

0.09 seconds. 0.08 seconds......

And now, in Miro's original psyche, his avatar and Arius were doing their best to sabotage the magic circle.

"Connected!"

Arius connected Miro's cerebral nerves accurately even though he was blind.

It was possible because he was the one who dealt with microscopic space among the scale magic.

As soon as a beam of light reached out and bypassed the circuit that Cariel's magic circle was blocking, the magic circle suddenly vibrated as if it would explode.

Miro's avatar bit his lip with a frustrated expression.

'Is it already too late?'

He couldn't be sure how much difference there was between real time and here.

Miro activated Spirit Zone through the circuit that Arius had bypassed.

As soon as he cast scale magic, the magic circle began to shrink at an incredible speed.

The fact that he could only feel the explosive action of the magic circle on his skin meant that he couldn't match it with time.

'No. If it explodes in this state, the damage will be too great.'

He had reduced the scale, so it wouldn't be enough to blow his head off, but he guessed that about 15 percent of his brain would be damaged and he wouldn't be able to exert his full power.

"Arius!"

"Yes!"

Arius, who was spreading his hands and emitting light, turned his head and shouted.

At the same time, Miro ran over and put the magic circle that had shrunk to the size of a fingernail into his mouth.

"Eat it!"

Everything here was Miro's mind, so if an explosion occurred here, all the damage would go to Miro.

However, Arius was a foreign substance that entered Miro's thoughts.

Therefore, he put a foreign substance into a foreign substance to reduce the shock.

"Gulp!"

Arius swallowed the magic circle and looked at Miro with a smile on his face with a horrified look.

"Hehe, it's better for your stomach to suffer than my head, right?"

'Ah.'

Arius shed tears.

'Beautiful. So lovely.'

Bang!

Arius's body twitched and an explosion occurred in his stomach.

At the same time, Miro in reality flew out sideways as if he had been hit by something while sitting cross-legged.

"Ow, my head!"

The explosion that came through shock absorption was harmless to his brain, but smoke was rising from Arius's mouth as he came out of the door.

"Are you okay?"

Arius, who was clutching his stomach and drooling miserably, nodded his head with a pitiful expression.

"Yes, I'm fine."

He couldn't have any personal resentment towards the holy Miro.

Also, as a magician's judgment, it was right for him to suffer if one of them had to suffer.

'Ah... Miro-nim.'

Arius suddenly realized and lowered his head.

He was moved by the fact that she cared about his well-being so much that he momentarily forgot about the pain that turned his whole body upside down.

"Miro-nim."

"Huh?"

"If I can love you, I'll do anything. Please give me a chance..."

"Do you want to die?"

"Sorry, sorry!"

Arius came to his senses and quickly lowered his head as he felt the pressure of the absolute being.

He was the only human who had reached Miro's original psyche and knew what her trauma was that he had found in Dremo's temple.
[Translated block]


'As expected, you are......'

While Arius was lost in thought, Miro went out of the cave.

Before long, the sun had set and the moon had risen.

'I can use magic, but the space-time barrier is broken, so I can't stop the war by myself.'

"What are you going to do from now on?"

When Arius asked with a guilty expression, Miro turned around with a beautiful smile.

"What do you mean, what? I'm going to explore heaven."

Miro was not one to miss such an opportunity.

* * *

The war that broke out early in the morning subsided around midnight.

There were still small-scale local battles in each area of heaven, but they were not as fierce as during the day.

The first day's battle could be seen as a one-sided victory for the rebels.

From the first thousand to the sixth thousand, the rebel's advance distance was about the second concentric circle when heaven was divided into three concentric circles.

The rebel headquarters commanded by Crud had built a forward base at the midpoint of Matthew's fifth thousand in heaven and was preparing for tomorrow.

Everyone seemed to be asleep, but everyone was immersed in their own thoughts except for those who had passed out from exhaustion.

Kanya and Lena, who belonged to the headquarters, were no exception.

It was natural that their parents' faces flickered in the stars they looked at side by side.

Instead of shedding tears, Lena leaned on Kanya's shoulder.

Because they still had family to rely on, expressing their sorrow was not even a courtesy to the other rebels.

Ching. Ching.

As a calm metal sound was heard, Kanya's face crumpled.

Babel, who had finished patrolling the garrison according to the program, was returning.

When she had no mission, she was programmed to take care of Kanya and Lena.

It was a part where she could feel Sirona's consideration, but Kanya felt that this was even more terrible.

The enemy of his parents.

He had to fight with the machine that pierced his father's torso.

"Sirona algorithm applied. Protect Kanya and Lena. Mission accomplished."

"Shut up."

As soon as he heard Babel's mechanical voice, Kanya's patience snapped.

"Shut up!"

"Logs are set to be public."

"Log? Do you have a log of killing our father?"

"Search completed. Data number 0342-24-6-46."

"Shut up!"

Babel detected an abnormal wave in Kanya's voice and switched to emergency mode and implemented sound muting.

"What do you know? Do you have a family? Do you feel pain?"

Babel remained silent.

It was her judgment that had the best result value among the many data she could choose from.

"Answer me. Tell me the most painful way you can!"

"I understand pain. But I do not have a nerve mechanism that feels pain."

Kanya smiled with a lively smile.

"Really? You'll see. I'll find it for you. When the war is over, I'll destroy you in front of everyone in a cruel, shameful, and most humiliating way!"

Babel answered after a while.

"I will pay the price when the war is over."

As Kanya turned around grinding his teeth, he heard the commander's voice.

"Don't get excited. Save that anger for tomorrow."

"Commander."

Kanya and Lena stood up and saluted at the same time.

"You seem to be having trouble sleeping. Well, it's natural."

Tomorrow, all the rebels will attempt to enter Aravot, the center of heaven.

No one had any thoughts of saving their lives.

Perhaps it was not an important issue to sleep as much as this moon might be their last moon.

"What are you doing at this time......"

Crud smiled bitterly.

"I can't sleep either. But it's better to get some sleep. We're going to win, not die."

Kanya nodded coldly.

He knew what it meant that Crud's words lacked living.
[Translated block]
Ching!

A light suddenly turned on in Babel's eye.

The red laser quickly scanned the front and immediately identified and reported the suspicious movement.

"Biological appearance 600 meters ahead. Heat sensor activated. Body temperature 40.1 degrees. Target classification ally. Name. Rabid Flu."
[Translated block]