


[519] The Nameless Prosecutor (3)

When Liz returned home, Ryan and Sylvia were talking.

According to Ryan, most of the leaders of the Red Spear bandits were deserters from the Biden Kingdom.

Especially, the leader was a man in his mid-40s named Peyton, who had served at the border garrison. He was a battalion commander of the infantry before the border was pushed back.

'A battalion commander of the infantry.'

Ryan, who had been around many battlefields, could guess Peyton's skill just by hearing his name.

In the capital of the kingdom, it might be different, but in the fierce front lines, rank was a measure of skill.

Especially, the battalion commander of the border area, where the pride of both countries was at stake, was not a position that considered anything other than skill.

"Hmm, why would such a person become a bandit?"

"I don't know. He might have been tired, or he might have had some personal reasons...."

Sylvia hesitated for a moment and then confessed her true feelings.

"But in the end, isn't that what humans are?"

Ryan found himself convinced by her last words.

He might have had some reasons.

But maybe it was just because he was human, he chose evil to find a better way.

"Red Spear Peyton is a person who is known even in the enemy country. That's why the Biden security forces can't touch him easily. They have their base in Arch Mountain, which is 3 kilometers away from here, and they are expanding their power by plundering nearby villages."

The Fox that Ryan killed was also part of their power expansion.

"Arch Mountain...."

"Brother."

Liz approached him and Ryan apologized belatedly.

"I'm sorry. I showed you a gruesome sight."

"It's okay. I wasn't that surprised."

She couldn't feel good about seeing a corpse, but after seeing it every day, it was only as disgusting as a cockroach.

"Tell me honestly. Brother, you're a very famous person, right? You lied because people would flock to you if you revealed your real name, right?"

"No. My name is Ryan. And I'm not famous. The bandits were just weak. It wasn't because I was strong that I won."

Liz lowered her head sullenly.

"But we... we're still being bullied by those weak bandits."

Ryan had nothing to say to her.

Being weak was not a sin, but in the battlefield, such words were nothing but empty words.

"I want to rest for a while. My wound hasn't healed yet."

Ryan left his uncomfortable seat and went into his room.

Sylvia looked at the closed door with a worried expression and Liz hugged her and asked.

"Mom, what do we do if brother leaves us?"

"Liz, it's bad to expect too much from others. Brother saved us."

"But I don't like it now. I don't want to live like this."

Who would want to stay in pain?

But Sylvia couldn't tell her young daughter the harsh reality.

One thing she learned from living in the world was that she couldn't know anything she hadn't experienced.

When she was young, she used to blabber about things like this is life, this is how you live, etc., but when she experienced it herself, she felt completely different emotions from what she had said.

"Liz, you'll find out when you live. No one can understand you perfectly. But mom is here. Mom will protect you."

"I don't like mom protecting me. I wish someone would protect mom."

Sylvia smiled sadly.

That was also a fear that a young child could have.

"Mom will talk to him once. But even if no one helps us, mom is always on your side."

Sylvia hugged Liz tightly.

Ryan didn't come out of his room until late at night.

He had skipped meals after breakfast, but he had forgotten even hunger because of the heavy burden on his shoulders.
[Translated block]


'Red Spear Bacon. A battalion commander?'

When he fought with his brother in the Ogent family, Ogent Lai was an eighth-class sergeant.

Of course, Lian didn't think that Lai, who was a genius he knew, would be just a battalion commander when he was Bacon's age.

But if you compare only the current skills, there was a possibility that he would surpass Lai.

'Can I... ring it?'

According to Sylvia's words, there are seven executives of the Red Spear Thieves.

Among them, including Fox, there were three deputy chiefs, so the number of subordinate soldiers was sure to exceed three digits.

They have to fight them all.

He had to face the thieves alone, whom even the kingdom's security forces had given up on.

'I'll die.'

If you're going to die anyway, do you have to fight?

Justice that cannot be enforced is not justice.

'I don't know, Shirone. What should I do...'

Knock knock.

While Lian was spending a night of agony, a knock sounded.

"It's Sylvia."

"Come in."

Sylvia opened the door and came in.

And when she saw Lian sitting on the bed without lying down, she sat down on a chair with a relieved face.

"What are you doing at this time..."

"I wanted to thank you for your help. You are my and my daughter's benefactor."

Lian looked back on his journey as a knight.

More than half of the people who used the word benefactor to him eventually called him an enemy.

That's what responsibility is.

"I fought for myself. Anyway, the thieves would have killed me."

Sylvia nodded as if she understood.

As silence grew longer, Lian couldn't stand it and spoke honestly first.

"I'm sorry. I can't deal with the thieves alone. The border security forces have let go of their hands, and they won't come out of the village either."

"I'm ashamed. It wasn't a barren place from the beginning."

The problem was that those who could fight were already dead or joined the thieves.

"I'll leave in the morning. I'm sorry."

"I'm not asking you to annihilate the thieves."

"Then what?"

When Lian raised his head, Sylvia turned her gaze away and said.

"Can you be Liz's father?"

Lian waited for the next words without showing his emotions.

It was such an absurd thing to say.

"I'm sorry. I couldn't say marriage at thirty-three, so I sold my daughter. But I'm serious. Of course, I'm not asking you to stay with me for life. 5 years, no, 3 years, can't you stay with me until Liz can leave this place and live in the world?"

Lian felt his chest clogged.

If he refused the offer, would he become an enemy who ruined Liz's life again?

"I'll be a good wife."

As silence grew longer, Sylvia bowed her head as if she had made up her mind and began to loosen her clothes.

It was more hateful than death to entrust him to Fox, who was a friend of her husband.

But if it wasn't that disgusting, she knew what to give up to protect her daughter alone as a woman.

Lian reached out firmly.

"I'm sorry."

Sylvia's shameful hand stopped abruptly.

There were countless people who just spent one night and left, so she didn't expect this situation either.

"I have someone in mind. And I can't change my mind like this."

"I see."

Sylvia buttoned up her clothes and got up.

There was nothing more to give or ask for because there was nothing more to give.

"Thank you anyway. Fox is... really like an enemy. I'll pack some food for you in the morning."

It would be embarrassing for each other if they met again, so Sylvia left Lian's room like that.

Silence came again and moonlight came in through the window.

Lian spent the remaining time in agony.

Things that could and could not be done flowed without criteria.
[Translated block]


Around dawn, Lian's confused eyes gradually regained their stability.

He left the house with a large sword in a leather sheath on his back, and there was a bundle of food prepared by Sylvia.

Lian looked back at the room where the mother and daughter were sleeping for a moment.

"......"

And then he slowly opened the door and went outside without touching anything.

He would never return to the village of Ripne.

An hour after Lian left, Sylvia's house was noisy with Liz's crying.

"Mom! Brother left! He left us behind!"

"No, Liz. Brother went his own way."

"Uwaaah!"

Whether she understood a little bit of the world in her young heart, Liz stopped talking and just cried.

Then someone knocked on the door outside.

"Are you there? I have something to ask you."

Sylvia cautiously opened the door and looked outside.

Then she made a blank expression and raised her head to the end of the door frame.

A body that deviated from the average human standard.

He was over 2 meters tall, and his shoulders were about to get stuck in the door.

From her experience, this kind of category always handled swords.

The man who bent his waist stuck his face out and Sylvia startled and stepped back.

He had a long face like a sweet potato, thick eyelashes, and a thin mustache growing under his nose.

"Oh, I'm sorry to scare you. Can I come in for a moment...?"

Sylvia hugged Liz and asked.

"What is it?"

The man entered the house without asking for permission, and one seed that seemed to reach his chest followed him.

The seed was not small either, but compared to the man wearing black iron armor and carrying a finely carved iron sword, he was like a dwarf.

He sniffed his nose and did some meaningless actions, then nodded his head as if he knew something and said.

"I heard rumors that a knight with blue hair and a large sword came to this village a few days ago. Have you seen him?"

There was only one person he could think of with blue hair and a large sword.

"No. I don't know such a person. Please leave."

"Hmm, is that so?"

The man pulled out a table chair and sat down stiffly.

Every single action was intimidating to the mother and daughter.

"I'm sorry for being late. I'm Lambda, a knight performer. I was in charge of an office in a faraway country, but I got late wind and wandered around aimlessly."

Lambda spewed out words that he didn't even ask for.

"Then I heard some rumors in the wind. The story of a young swordsman with blue hair who carried a large sword."

"I told you I don't know such a person!"

"Yes. He's not such a famous person. But I don't judge people by their reputation. Especially that young swordsman's movements aroused my interest."

Sylvia closed her mouth in resignation.

"The corpses he cut down, of course there must have been some random ones, but some corpses had consistent features. That's exhilaration!"

Lambda slammed the table and the mother and daughter's shoulders flinched.

"Everything ended with one sword. Whether it was a horse, armor, shield, weapon, everything was ignored and cut down."

Sylvia remembered Fox's last moments.

"So he is rated as a rising star among knight performers. Thanks to his exhilarating swordsmanship, he seems to have been nicknamed Mahamoha's Knight lately."

"Mahamoha's Knight?"

"Yes. It means something huge like heaven or sea or earth. But from what I heard, um, from what I heard from the villagers, yesterday morning a young man cut off Fox, a human being, with his sword and armor. And also from what I heard from the villagers, that young man was staying here."

Sylvia's lips trembled.

"Do you really... not know?"

Lambda's pretty eyes like a woman pierced Sylvia's heart like an awl.
[Translated block]