


[552] The Power of a Day (1)

As Shiro tried to estimate 10 to the power of 64 in his mind, a word popped out of his mouth.

"Is that a number humans can count?"

"It's not a number. It's a state."

Miro pointed to his head.

"A sequence formula is just one of the ways to expand your mind. If you can feel the sprint of numbers accurately, you don't have to read them out in your mind."

Shiro's sequence formula was also far beyond the category of ordinary people, so he could understand.

But if he interpreted Miro's words in reverse, it meant that he had no choice but to read them out unless he felt them accurately.

'Feel the numbers in the order of magnitude.'

When he thought about it calmly, it wasn't completely impossible.

If he ran calmly at a speed that wouldn't shock his mind, he would eventually reach it.

He could think about speed later.

"There are 73 days left until school starts. The goal is to raise your avatar to the state of oneness with water. What you can do with that is something you can think about then, but it will definitely help with magic."

Shiro was also sure of that.

It was a difficult task, but if he succeeded, the enhancement of mental power would be tremendous.

"Yes, I'll try. What should I do first?"

Above all, Miro, the best in the world, was guiding him.

He wouldn't ask him to do something impossible. He felt a little more confident as he thought so.

"To reach the state of oneness with water, what you have to do from now on is...."

As Shiro swallowed his saliva, Miro opened his mouth.

"Work hard like crazy."

The answer came out quite some time later.

"What?"

"What? Did you just answer that?"

"No, not that, but what kind of method... I mean, there are only 73 days left..."

Miro chuckled.

"Yeah. I won't tell you to think that there are 73 days left. But Shiro, that's not something humans can do with their power. You don't need to think about what you can't change. If you have 73 days, you have to solve it within that time."

It was a suffocating remark.

"I understand how you feel. But that's the reality barrier that everyone faces. If you overcome it, you win. If you can't overcome it, you lose. You want to find a way to do it somehow, but there's no such thing in the world. You've been doing that so far, haven't you?"

Shiro nodded heavily.

"You can do it. Trust in the power of a day, Shiro. If you did 1 today, then after 73 days you will have piled up 73 times more than that."

That was also a clear reality.

"People like to pay attention to talent, but in reality I also reached it by piling up days every day."

That was somewhat comforting.

"The body is controlled by the brain, and the brain is controlled by the mind. The mind only moves for the result."

Miro pointed to Shiro's chest.

"When you reach oneness with water, your avatar will also exert its singularity and become much stronger than now. Just think about that."

'I will succeed. I will definitely do it!'

Seeing Shiro's eyes change from before, Miro got up from his seat.

"Good, it seems like you understand. Let's move on to the next thing. Follow me."

The place where Shiro arrived was a stream not far from the hut.

Miro tapped a flat rock under the shade and said.

"Come over here and sit down."

He did as he was told, but as he expected something grandiose training, Shiro was bewildered.

"What do we do here?"

"Don't do anything."

"What?"

"You can't just do sequence formulas all day long. When you want to cool your head, sit here and look at the scenery across the stream. You can't do sequence formulas or go into the spirit zone."

Shiro looked across the stream.

There was only one bent tree planted in front of him, and there was nothing special about it except for a common mountain scenery.
[Translated block]


He felt good, but anxiety crept in, afraid that his determination, which had finally caught fire, would disappear.

"Can't we just practice the sequence formula?"

"No. And you can't rest anywhere else either. The rest is at least four hours long."

The sound of the mountain breeze brushed past his ears.

Could he call it a rest to look at nature for four hours without doing anything?

'I don't think I have time for this.'

Miro raised his lips slightly when he found the expression of disbelief.

"Do you think it's meaningless?"

"Ah, yes. Actually..."

Miro, who tapped Shiro's shoulder, looked across the stream and said.

"Shiro, there is nothing trivial. They just don't try to look into it."

They just don't try to look into it.

"There are stories as long as they exist in the fallen leaves rolling in the wind, and in the piles of garbage thrown out of the street. The same goes for humans. Just as the years you have lived are huge to you, all the people in the world are living by creating huge stories in the same time. But most people don't know that. Because they don't try to look into it."

"......I see."

Miro's words made some sense.

"From now on, you have to look into every part of the world. Only flexible thinking like water can overcome the limit. Look at nature here every day. Listen to their stories and cool your head. You won't be bored."

'Let's do it. Let's trust the power of the day.'

Shiro clenched his fists, imagining his avatar that would change 73 days later.

* * *

In the training ground of Carmis' main house, explosions rang out without a day off.

The 1,000-square-meter training ground was a place where only forces who attended the clan meeting were usually stationed, but only Amy was left here and was undergoing training close to a fight.

'This won't do!'

The sniper mode of Spirit Zone, which was 2 kilometers long, rotated like a compass, changing its direction.

Unlike a magician who is in the center of a cross-shaped spirit zone, a sniper mode has a magician standing at the end of a straight line, so the rotation intensity was enough to paralyze the mind.

Targets flying outside the visible range sent explosions, but it was only 60% probability.

'What kind of sniper is this!'

To hit a fast-moving target, you have to add time coordinates to spatial coordinates.

If it's only 60% probability with targets with fixed patterns like now, it's almost impossible to snipe a creature with free will from 2 kilometers away.

'I maximize my specialty!'

Amy didn't give up.

The key was to shorten the rotation speed of sniper mode and the time it took for Fire Strike to reach the target.

'One way一道!'

When he stabbed concentration again in the center of concentration that was thin as a needle, his mental power was strengthened by the power of square.

"Hoo!"

A straight line of 2 kilometers made a big turn.

In the process, the number of targets caught was 32.

When he cast Fire Strike in all directions by predicting all the target patterns, sixteen explosions came in shortly after.

In front of 50% accuracy, which was lower than before, Amy pulled out her spirit zone and knelt down.

"Ha! Ha!"

She wanted to think it was because she had reached her mental limit, but fire boiled up inside her.

There is no such thing as an all-around beauty.

If she couldn't do it with sniper mode, she would just be an average magician even if she graduated.

"One failure is the foundation of success. Two failures are a disgrace to the clan."

Amy got up with her eyes red as she recited her motto.

The failure just before was accurately backed up in Hongan's self-image memory.

It was why there was no teacher in Carmis clan.

* * *

D-69 days.

300 meters underground from a mansion in Merkodain, the capital city, there is a bunker prepared for ancient weapons classified as map weapons and city destruction-class magic equivalent to them.

In this place where goods for more than 100 people to survive for three years are stored, there was only one person who dared to try explosive magic: Iruki, son of Gaju.
[Translated block]


```text
'Now!'

As Iruki, who was sitting in his room with his eyes closed, lifted his eyelids, electricity popped out of his pupils.

At the same time, something seemed to happen in the center of the bunker underground, and the air squirmed.

"Explosion!"

He jumped up screaming, but the expected earthquake did not occur, and Iruki slumped on the bed.

"It's not easy when you actually do it."

The magic he was currently trying was a deadly skill that had not yet been named, a nuclear fusion explosion magic that was possible because he had two spirit zones.

"Are you still here today?"

Gaju Albino opened the door and came in, but Iruki didn't even look at him and was only engrossed in his thoughts.

"Yeah, how's your plan to blow up the Mercodine mansion full of ancestral breath?"

"I haven't seen any results yet. So I'm getting annoyed."

"......"

Albino looked at his son for a moment and chuckled.

"Don't overdrive too much. The brain's durability can't handle the speed of your head circuit. Your lifespan will be shortened."

"I don't care. As long as I succeed in this."

"That's what I'm saying. You look like your life will run out before you succeed. That seems a bit stupid."

Iruki jumped up.

"Why did you come? Aren't you busy?"

Albino smiled.

"No matter how busy I am, I have time to see my son."

"I don't have time to see my dad. Get out. I have to re-establish the theory."

Iruki waved his hand and walked toward the blackboard where traces of erasing and rewriting hundreds of times remained.

He began to write down formulas like crazy with chalk as Albino watched.

"The human brain is such a well-made organ."

The movement of the chalk stopped.

"Huh? What did you say?"

"How well-made it is, the circuit is so good that it can't distinguish between what it experienced directly and what it imagined. Whether you eat rice or imagine eating rice, the electrical pattern of your brain is exactly the same."

Iruki turned around then.

"It's an interesting phenomenon, isn't it? But this is science. That's why there's this saying. Imagine the moment you succeed if you want to succeed. Then your brain will adjust accordingly."

Iruki's eyes blinked quickly.

"What... just saying that."

Albino raised his hand and left the room as Iruki turned his body toward the blackboard.

And he started erasing the formulas like crazy.

'It's not too late yet. Today is a new start.'

* * *

D-65 days.

Numbers raced madly in Shirone's head.

'No! It's too big!'

The key was not to read thoughts but to speed up thoughts themselves, but it felt like a seizure in his brain when he broke 100 billion.

"Slow down. There's still plenty of time."

Miro's words didn't resonate with him.

It had been several days already, but only 100 billion.

It was ridiculous to say that he would cross over to the order of magnitude and enter the order of magnitude at this rate.

"Ugh!"

Shirone's mind bounced off at around 120 billion.

'I've been counting numbers for eight hours already...'

Miro comforted him.

"But you did more than yesterday. Let's try again."

"I can't do it today. My head feels like it's going to explode..."

"Do it."

At times like this, Miro's voice was unmistakably cold.

"You're still far away. There are 24 hours a day, and only 15 hours have passed. If you take out 4 hours of rest, it's 11 hours."

Even though he had been through everything, Shirone couldn't bear the pain of breaking his own limits in real time.

"But... I have fatigue too."

"That's none of my business."

Shirone's eyes filled with strength, but Miro was still cold.

"Don't be mistaken, Shirone. This is training for you to become stronger. No one forces you to be strong. If you want to give up, just pack your bags and go home now?"
```
[Translated block]


"I don't want to go back."

"Then do it. That's the reality. Isn't it irrational? Do you think you have to live so hard? Do you want me to tell you why?"

Miro opened his mouth with a firm voice.

"Someone is doing it."

The venom disappeared from Siro's eyes.

"Someone is enduring what you don't want to endure. That's the competition. I did, and so did Gaold. Sein, Zulu, Flu, they are all the ones who endured the pain and came up."

Siro bit his teeth.

"Don't think that the ones above you got something by chance. They all suffered as much as you. So don't act like a child with your limits and stuff. If you don't want to do it, just quit."

Siro's eyes came alive again and he spat out all the anger in his stomach.

"Puuuuuu!"

It was hard enough to die, but he didn't want to give up either, so he had no choice but to do it.

'Hang in there! Just a little more!'

That's how another day was building up.
[Translated block]