


[658] Mercenary Recruitment (2)

"Boss, you're wrong."

Shagal, who had come out of his reminiscence, muttered towards the night sky.

He was a born killer.

Perhaps that's why the starless sky seemed even sadder tonight.

As his hand, which had put down the magic knife, brushed against his body and rose, a new short sword, sharpened to a point, was in his hand.

The unique weapon of the rapid-fire sword, with 23 blades overlapping in the form of a shell.

His eyes, looking at a tree 10 meters away, flickered with the face of La Enemy.

As he swung his arm vertically, one shell of the short sword fell out and stuck into the tree with a thud.

It was exactly where La Enemy's forehead was.

As he swung his arm up again, another shell popped out and went exactly into the shell stuck in the tree.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

With each swing of his hand, a blade flew out, and finally, his arm began to reciprocate so fast that it was invisible to the eye.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

The rapid-fire blades hitting the same spot shook the tree, and when Shagal, who had fired all 22 blades, threw the short sword for the last time, it made a thud and the bundle was pierced.

The combined short sword fell to the ground just as it had been thrown at first, and the tree that had been pierced in the center twisted and fell to the side with a sound.

"You're wrong, boss."

Shagal was a born killer.

And he was, the evil of evils.

* * *

The next morning.

Shirone, who had come out of the inn, took the request form with Brooks' seal and entered the street where the guilds were concentrated.

Many people were coming and going from the morning, and they were all experts who had honed their special skills.

"It's the capital after all. It's incomparable to a local guild."

Mage, swordsman, traveler, alchemist, blacksmith, etc., the headquarters of numerous guilds were raising their floors as if in competition.

"It's a good thing for us. We don't have much time."

It would have taken a month to find the 20 mercenaries that Rufist had requested, even if it was one by one.

"I know he means to match the number of people, but I want to form an elite if possible."

It was a mission that could not guarantee life, as Radum, who had not been touched by the kingdom so far.

The cut line of the mercenary group was to the extent that they could save their own bodies even in the worst situation.

"Let's finish the request first."

Shirone and Lian, who were heading to the headquarters of the Silver Ring Guild, had no conversation as if they had promised.

Someone was following them.

If you travel through many dangerous areas and overcome the brink of life and death several times, human nerves also become sensitive like a cat.

Lian noticed a few strange gazes among many gazes, and Shirone, who was activating Elysion, confirmed the existence of a stalker who was keeping a certain distance and matching the speed.

"Who is it?"

"Well, if the rumor that we've exterminated the thief group has spread, it could be anyone."

Lian did not disturb her movements and only turned her gaze to the side.

"Should we catch and beat him?"

"No. They won't act in a place where there are many people. We're the same. Anyway, we have the Ultima System, so we won't be surprised."

Elysion has no boundary line of the spirit zone, so even if the other party is a joiner, they wouldn't notice.

With the uncomfortable gaze on their tails, the two arrived at the headquarters of the Silver Ring Guild and looked up at the building that was six stories high.

It was not comparable to the Magic Association, but it was overwhelming enough for the three major guilds of the kingdom.

"Let's go in."

As Shirone walked towards the entrance, Lian twitched her eyebrows and turned her head sharply.

'Here it comes!'

Two people with their faces covered by hoods were running through the crowd.

'Could it be here?'

In an unexpected situation, Shirone took a defensive stance and Lian grabbed the handle of the Great Straight Sword, but the two stalkers rummaged through their bosom and shouted.

"Now! Start!"
[Translated block]
"Damn! Is it an assassination tool?"

Before he could even draw it out, Lian pulled out his great sword with the intention of cutting it off, and at the same time, the guild's door opened wide.

"Welcome! New family of Silver Ring Guild!"

The lovely manager who came out of the guild knelt on one knee and offered a bouquet of flowers, and two robust men quickly dispersed to the left and right and spread a banner.

While Shiroe, who confirmed the words 'Arian Shiroe Silver Ring Guild Joining Commemoration', made a ridiculous expression, those who had been stalking them took out paper firecrackers and set them off.

The sound of popping and colorful paper fluttering, Lian's great sword stopped before it cut off the bodies of the two people.

"Eek!"

The magician, who realized late, fell on his buttocks with a thud on the floor, and his hood was peeled off.

It was a young face.

A girl of similar age who had been stalking together hastily supported him.

"Are you okay?"

"Huh? Ahaha! Of course! I just slipped!"

Although it was a surprise welcome, Lian, Shiroe's sword, was unpleasant.

"What are you guys?"

The boy dusted off his seat and got up and offered a handshake to Lian.

"You must have been surprised. I'm sorry. I'm Tyler, a wizard from the Silver Ring Guild."

"I'm Elza."

After Tyler, Elza bowed her head with a bright smile, but the nerves that had already been tense did not easily subside.

"Shiroe, let's go in first. The commotion is not good."

"Yeah."

Shiroe crossed the threshold of the guild without showing any emotion.

There were more than 20 people sitting at their own tables, and all of them had sharp eyes.

It was impossible to know how many public figures were mixed in, but it was indeed a gathering of people who had crossed the line.

"Now, now! The rookie who appeared like a miracle in the Silver Ring Guild, Arian Shiroe!"

When Mikela, the manager of the Silver Ring Guild headquarters, led the cheer, applause was heard from several tables.

From the guild's point of view, Shiroe was a big fish that no one could snatch away, but for them, he became a competitor of goodwill, so there was no soul in the applause.

"It's too much. It's not good to be jealous among guild members."

At the sound coming from the stairs, the wizards turned nervously.

A man with long hair, wearing a black robe like a bat, embroidered with red embroidery of flames at the hem, was walking down.

It was Arkman, the master of the Silver Ring Guild.

"Master, before talking about jealousy, shouldn't you balance fairness?"

The burly man, who didn't look like a wizard at all, grumbled.

It was true that the star had already come from the Kentra branch, and the information that five thieves' groups had been annihilated also came through Austin at dawn, but the burly man was not the only one who did not like the guild's fuss, which had given up even the authority of the three major guilds and welcomed a rookie.

"That's right! Let's admit the ability! But how long do you think a wizard who has been a candidate for the Ivory Tower will stay in our guild? In the end, he will only betray or instigate discord!"

Trust is also possible from an equal position.

If you consider the relationship between the guild and Shiroe, the guild had nothing to give to Shiroe, and there was too much to gain.

"Hey, rookie! Answer me! Can you really do your best for the Silver Ring Guild? Can you fight with a sense of belonging and responsibility?"

The burly man shouted, shaking his cane.

Some wizards were watching Shiroe's reaction.

Shiroe had no intention of staying in the guild for a long time, and as the silence continued, the burly man slammed the table.

"Look at that! He can't say anything! This is just a funny show! I can't accept it."

The burly man, who was packing his luggage to leave, was called by Arkman.

"Kon, today is a day to welcome freshmen. It's also a courtesy to keep your place as a senior."

"Hmph! What courtesy! Anyway soon......"

"Shut up and sit down."

At the blatant killing intent, Kon flinched his shoulders and quietly returned to his seat.

'Foolish.'
[Translated block]


"Could the guild master not know that Shiro cannot be caught?

'If Shiro is let go like this...'

The rival guilds, War Chariot and Blood Rose, will try to capture Shiro by any means necessary.

War Chariot is aggressive and overpowering, and Blood Rose, mostly female wizards, excels in beauty.

Silver Ring can offer financial power, but it was somewhat lacking at the level of Ivory Tower candidates.

'I'm sorry. I apologize on behalf of the rudeness of the guild members.'

'No, it's okay. It's not wrong.'

Arkman, who nodded at the honest remark, called Shiro to a place where everyone could see.

'Now, let's start the welcome ceremony.'

As everyone's emotions crossed complexly, he knelt in front of Shiro and bowed his head.

'Become the new master of the Silver Ring Guild.'

Con's eyes widened.

'Master! Why?'

At the unprecedented event, the guild members finally realized the seriousness of the situation and were startled.

Arkman is someone.

He was a pride of the Silver Ring Guild, a fire wizard who had risen to the unofficial 4th grade, and a figure recognized by the wizard society just by name.

The only person in the guild who knew Arkman's true intentions was Manager Mikela.

'Show the maximum courtesy. That's the first strategy.'

Even if he is a candidate for the Ivory Tower, he cannot arbitrarily adjust the rookie's rank.

The only way is to be promoted to master.

Of course, it was the first time in guild history, but that's why the effect was excellent.

'If you accept to become a master, you can go through the verification process. If you don't accept...'

Con asked again.

'Master, are you serious? It's unprecedented.'

'There was no precedent for an Ivory Tower candidate to join.'

With that, all objections disappeared.

But what Shiro wanted was just to quickly form a mercenary group of 20 people in cooperation with the guild.

'I don't want to.'

The eyes of the guild members were filled with vigor.

The reason for desperately climbing from rookie to senior to veteran is because they dream of becoming a guild master.

It's not an opportunity given to everyone, but that dream of success was the driving force for them to live.

'Is it not worth worrying about?'

If Shiro goes to another guild, he will receive the same offer, so he was considering the possibility of refusal, but the fact that he answered immediately was honestly shocking.

'Then how about notarizing? I won't join any other wizard guild in the Kingdom of Tormia.'

There was no reason for Shiro to accept when calculated.

'I don't want to.'

'This damn guy! You're going to betray us in the end!'

Arkman, who held out his hand to stop the guild members, stood up from his seat and said to the manager.

'Mikela, turn off the magic control device.'

If you can't hold on no matter what, it's natural to give up, but he still had something to check.

'Shiro, I'm stubborn, but there's a point I can't concede as a guild master. This is life for us. If you go to another guild, dozens of guild members will suffer a huge loss. It's just a matter of notarization.'

'I don't want to give more than trust. I won't quit without a special reason. However, I can't accept notarization or the master's seat. This is all I can offer.'

When Arkman signaled, Mikela swallowed her saliva and turned off the switch of the magic control device.

'The qualification to receive the title of star.'

Could Arkman not dream of the greatest honor of a wizard, who had come up to the unofficial 4th grade wizard?

'Just a twenty-year-old boy...'

There was something that ignited his heart besides the problem of feeding the guild members.

A personal desire, a once-in-a-lifetime challenge for a wizard who has risen to the unofficial 4th grade.

'I want to know, what's the difference?'

Even if Shiro goes to another guild, he will receive the same offer, so he was considering the possibility of refusal, but the fact that he answered immediately was honestly shocking.

'Then how about notarizing? I won't join any other wizard guild in the Kingdom of Tormia.'

There was no reason for Shiro to accept when calculated.

'I don't want to.'

'This damn guy! You're going to betray us in the end!'

Arkman, who held out his hand to stop the guild members, stood up from his seat and said to the manager.

'Mikela, turn off the magic control device.'

If you can't hold on no matter what, it's natural to give up, but he still had something to check.

'Shiro, I'm stubborn, but there's a point I can't concede as a guild master. This is life for us. If you go to another guild, dozens of guild members will suffer a huge loss. It's just a matter of notarization.'

'I don't want to give more than trust. I won't quit without a special reason. However, I can't accept notarization or the master's seat. This is all I can offer.'

When Arkman signaled, Mikela swallowed her saliva and turned off the switch of the magic control device.

'The qualification to receive the title of star.'

Could Arkman not dream of the greatest honor of a wizard, who had come up to the unofficial 4th grade wizard?

'Just a twenty-year-old boy...'

There was something that ignited his heart besides the problem of feeding the guild members.

A personal desire, a once-in-a-lifetime challenge for a wizard who has risen to the unofficial 4th grade.

'I want to know, what's the difference?'"
[Translated block]
As Arkman unfolded the Spirit Zone, the flames embroidered on the hem of the robe flickered as if they were alive.

'Magic weapon. Is it an option for fire magic?'

It was clear that it was not an equipment that could be easily obtained if it was used by the master of the 3rd guild.

"Shirone, shall I do it?"

"No, it's okay."

Arkman, who was hurt by the pride of the two people's conversation, raised a flame from his feet.

"Then, excuse me......"

"Master, you're not really going to do it here......"

Before Cone's words were finished, the Hellfire that had been wrapping around Arkman sprang forward.

"He did it!"

The surprised guild members bowed under the table, and the guild's front door exploded with the wall.
[Translated block]