


[530] In the Coder (1)

The carriage that arrived at the capital of the Kingdom of Torumia quickly turned and headed for the Jeezer Mountains.

Miro and Lian were riding in the carriage, and the two continued their conversation facing each other.

They had run non-stop from Biden to here, but there was no time to feel tired as they listened to what Siron had gone through from Miro's mouth.

Maybe he had fallen into a scammer of a different dimension than Alph, but Miro's skill that shattered Alph's sword was clearly not a technology made by humans.

And his own skill too.

'Sinjeokchowol Yacha......'

Lian, who was lost in thought looking at the scenery outside the window, asked.

"By any chance, do you know what Smilera means?"

"Huh? Smilera?"

Lian finally told his story.

From the first time he reached Sinjeokchowol in heaven to the story of eating Imir's arm, and the story he heard while receiving <Idea> from his grandfather.

"I hear a hallucination called Smilera and it seems like my wounds heal faster. I've already decided not to care, but I still want to know what it is."

"Hmm, I see......"

Miro was interested in Lian's words and searched his knowledge, but he had never heard of Smilera.

'Theraje might know......'

Anyway, he was not here, so he had no choice but to guess based on what he heard.

"Imir is the pinnacle of creatures that have reached the last stage of alcohol. If you ate such a giant's arm, you might have gained regenerative abilities. But I think differently."

Lian lifted his head.

"Rather, I think it has something to do with <Idea>."

"Do you mean the ability of the sword?"

"Rather than that, how about an action that involves a deeper place? Maybe your grandfather extracted an object called <Idea> in his dream. But as far as I know, objects are not so easy to extract. According to the guy I'm carrying around, it's very complicated and difficult."

"Then how did Grandpa......?"

"The village where Grandpa stayed for a while might be a clue. It may also be related to the 80 million gold he paid there. In other words, <Idea> was already extracted, and Grandpa just paid for it and brought it to reality."

"But it doesn't seem like he would have carried such a fortune while hunting bandits."

"It may be impossible for him to know exactly where he started dreaming. Maybe the necessity of dreams intervened. Besides, if Grandpa didn't know about Dreamworld, he would have no choice but to accept it."

"Hmm, I see."

Miro emphasized by raising his index finger.

"The important thing here is, who extracted it if not Grandpa? First of all, the possibility of someone else being involved in the dream is slim, and then there is only one possibility left."

Lian swallowed his saliva and waited for the next words.

"Bloodline, or lineage. The thoughts accumulated from generation to generation created <Idea>, and someone in some generation extracted it and left it behind, and Grandpa paid for it and brought it to reality. This is probably the closest guess to the truth right now."

"Bloodline......"

"I heard that both blue hair and black hair traits are inherited in the Ogent family? Maybe there is a truth hidden there?"

Miro's words made him feel like he had found a ray of light in a dark cave.

"Also, I said that the ability of regeneration has something to do with <Idea>. Don't you think it's strange? It's something that never gets destroyed. "

"Do you mean strange?"

"It doesn't look like durability at all. So it's conceptual. In other words, <Idea>'s ability is exactly this. The information that makes up the sword never gets destroyed."

Miro pointed at Lian.

"If perfection was the will of previous generations, it would be embedded in the traits of later generations. When body information is damaged, it quickly returns to its original state. So it explains why Grandpa heard a hallucination called Smilera."
[Translated block]


Lian nodded his head in admiration.

He thought that it was indeed a magician who approached this level with only a small amount of information.

"I think I know something. Thank you."

Miro's face was still serious.

"Be careful, Lian."

"Yes?"

"<Idea> is fine, but your body is not an object. If the action that occurred only once when Grandpa extracted <Idea> is still happening to you, Imir's arm may have had some effect. But even if it's Imir, it's still a creature, and creatures can't help but have limits."

That was what Lian was most worried about.

"Dinaira is an axing that denies the law. That's why it's possible to have transcendent movements without using up to the limit of muscle strength, but if you get greedy, your body will break anyway. And if that happens repeatedly...."

Eventually, the body will not recover and be destroyed.

Since living with that terrible result in his heart was something that only the person concerned could feel, Miro cut off his words.

"I'm sorry. It's only upsetting to hear."

"It's okay."

Lian smiled.

"I was scared at times, but I'm fine now. Even if that limit is next, I will swing with all my strength. Because it's the path I chose."

Miro nodded his head with reverence.

'Is he a great man?'

He seemed to have inherited the spirit of the Ogent family, who would break through any obstacle.

"We have arrived at our destination."

The coachman informed them at the middle of the mountain range where the road was cut off.

From then on, they walked to the Ardino family and arrived around noon.

Miro knocked on the door, but no one came out to greet him.

When Miro turned the doorknob with a raised eyebrow at the sound coming from inside, the unlocked door opened with a noise.

"Puhaha! So, you see, I was awesome when I was young. When I went to town, women couldn't take their eyes off my face and got hit by a carriage."

"Oh my, the appearance that even God envies?"

"Uh? Oh, yes! Hahaha!"

Miro looked at Enrique and Marsha laughing and chatting with a sour eye.

It was then that Enrique realized that Miro had arrived and suddenly turned serious and coughed.

"Ahem, are you here? You said you would be very late."

Miro ignored Enrique and approached Marsha.

"When did you arrive? You're much faster than expected?"

"Huh? No. I came an hour ago."

A scene that seemed like they had been eating and sleeping together for at least three days flashed through his head.

Anyway, he could say that his sociability was excellent.

"When you want to look good to someone, capture their parents first. It's the basics of socializing."

Marsha whispered and waved her hand at Lian.

"Long time no see. But you've grown a lot since then?"

"Thank you for helping Sirona."

Lian handed over the words he had prepared in advance.

Seeing him think of Sirona's work as his own, Marsha thought that he had only changed in size.

"What are you talking about? It's not like I'm doing it for free."

As Miro followed him into the second floor room, Fermi, who was talking to Arius, got up.

"You're fast. You're really an aunt."

There weren't many people in the world who could find two people with unknown identities so quickly.

"I'm busy too, so here's the contract."

Miro placed the depreciation trade contract on the table.

The name of a great mage named Milward was written in the buyer's signature field.

Once sold chips could be transferred to someone else, but Teraze was not foolish enough to enter his signature on someone else's non-standard form.

"That's good. Then only Sirona's signature remains."

As Fermi picked up the contract, Marsha intervened.

"Wait, let me see too."
[Translated block]


```text
Marsha also used to practice an unconventional technique of extracting magic from others, so it was natural that she was curious.

She nodded her head after carefully examining the depreciation contract.

"You did well. Activate the battery and omnipotence by digesting the chip. You've changed the concept of ingestion to acquisition."

In case he needed to use the depreciation trade, Fermi made the chip himself and threw it to Marsha.

"It's a clay chip according to the Torumia official specification. The picture engraved on the inlay in the center is the type of battery, and the mold pattern on the outer edge contains omnipotence. Once you take out the chip, the shelf life is 3 days, and then it corrodes."

"Ho-ho."

If it is applied as soon as you take out the chip, Fermi can be said to have no shelf life.

Just take it out and use it when you need it.

On the other hand, both the seller and the buyer must be able to contact Fermi within 3 days.

"Do you just swallow it?"

"Yes. The battery and omnipotence contained in the chip are digested in the stomach during the contract period and eventually disappear. However, as digestion progresses, the balance of battery and omnipotence is subtly distorted."

"Efficiency drops."

"That's right. If 30% is digested, it requires 1.03 times more concentration than at first. 60% is 1.07, and when 90% is digested, 1.12 times are required."

"It doesn't seem to affect performance much?"

"You can hardly feel it with one cast. However, if you look at the whole period, it's not a level to ignore. Also, there will be some difference in fatigue level if you fire for a long time."

Compared to acquiring magic by simply ingesting it without any restrictions, it was a problem that could not be called a disadvantage.

"Okay, okay! That's that, but now it's your turn, Fermi. You've prepared everything, so tell me how to get into Under Coder."

"Oh, that was the condition."

Fermi picked up a glass bottle on the experimental stand.

Dozens of red pills shaped like beans were inside.

"&lt;Under Coder&gt; is an area that exists outside of dreams. The reason why you can't go normally is because you wake up from your dream as soon as you try to get out. Therefore, you need a drug that has a special effect on your brain."

"Is that what's in the glass bottle?"

"Yes. It's an awakening agent called 'Dream Star'. When the drug takes effect, your brain wakes up only enough not to wake up from your dream and connects with your senses in reality. Therefore, you can get out of your dream without waking up from your dream."

Miro snatched the glass bottle and shook it.

"It's absurd. That such a drug exists."

"It's extremely difficult to make because you have to awaken only enough to escape from reality and dream boundaries. It's very expensive, and it's not something you can buy with money."

"Are there any side effects?"

"It's impossible because it forces your brain to wake up. It would be hard if you get addicted. But there won't be any problems with doing it a few times."

"Good. What are the details of the plan?"

Fermi looked around Arius and said.

"If four people are going to carry out an operation, they have to have the same dream. This is called 'address matching', but for now we have agreed that Mr. Arius will adjust the mental frequency."

It was possible to trust and entrust him with Arius who was familiar with human psychology.

Anyway, he wouldn't put Miro in danger.

"Good, then we're ready."

"I warn you in advance, but the final destination is Dee Abyss. &lt;Under Coder&gt; is just a passage to go there. If your avatar is destroyed, you may never wake up again."

No one flinched at the warning that threatened their lives because they had already made up their minds and came this far.

"I don't care if I can save Shiro-ne."

Fermi smiled at Lian's solemn determination.

'It will be a fun trip.'
```
[Translated block]