


```
[218] 6. Heaven's Turmoil (5)

Canis gasped for breath. His head was not just dizzy, but felt like his brain was melting.

But he couldn't relax yet. He had to fight for Arin until the last moment.

"Balv, you look terrible."

Balv's body flinched at Cariel's voice.

"I'm sorry, Lord Cariel."

Canis's face turned pale. He had broken every bone in his body, how could he still be alive?

No, it wasn't just that he was alive.

Each of his organs was transforming into a strange trait.

Insect legs covered with shells sprouted out, and tentacles similar to mollusks stretched out.

"Thank you for allowing me to awaken as a demon."

Balv's size grew like a mountain, and everyone looked up at him.

He was a huge creature mixed with all kinds of creatures.

The word 'mixture' was perfect.

It looked like what would come out if you put octopus, cockroach, fly, maggot, snake and other things in a pot and boiled them, then dried them out.

"Kiki! It's been 2,000 years since I awakened."

"Is this... the end?"

Canis's hope vanished like a bubble. The object was just... Mara's bait.

He realized that he had risked his life for an impossible task when it was already too late.

@

"Lian, Lian..."

Peope cried with tears in her eyes as she looked at Lian. Even in this situation where everything had turned into bubbles, he was still fighting.

No, he was holding on.

Lian, who had vomited blood from the first collision, hugged Imiru in that state and locked him mentally.

He would break rather than bend.

The price he paid for choosing a dangerous path was physical ability comparable to Schema.

Imiru had to break Lian's body to get rid of him.

Lian's body shook every time Imiru hit him with his fist.

"Kuk! Not yet...!"

Imiru also had a strange thought as the situation turned out like this.

His power trait was hard as iron. It wasn't the elasticity that a living being could produce. And he should have no strength left since he had messed up his stomach.

'There are very few humans who can use it.'

He met them at a very low frequency while fighting countless battles. But they were all without exception the strongest warriors representing civilization.

It would not be a favor to them to put humans who couldn't even use the giant's liquor on the same level.

"Kuku! Let's see how far you can go!"

Imiru threw an uppercut at close range.

The moment his abdominal muscles ruptured, Lian's eyes widened. His body bounced up and landed on his knees, but he clung to Imiru and held on.

The next moment Lian released his mental lock and pushed Imiru's shoulder.

Imiru looked puzzled as the clinch that seemed to never end ended.&nbsp;

But did it matter? He was the strongest anyway.&nbsp;

Any creature that faced the king of giants would end up like this.

"Did you give up? You lasted long for a human. I'll end it without pain as a reward."

Imiru stepped forward with all his weight and threw a punch. It was a destructive force that tore muscles even at close range, so Lian's body had no chance to withstand it if it hit him.

But Lian didn't care. He smiled at Imiru and his eyes looked over his shoulder.

"You're here, Shirone."

@

Shirone covered a kilometer in 30 seconds.

As the world transition approached, she saw the giant swinging his fist and Lian who had been beaten up badly.

"Liaaan!"

Imiru flinched. But his fist full of power followed inertia and headed for Lian's abdomen.

Shirone cast Shining Chain. A chain of tens of meters long wrapped around Imiru's body.

"Huh?"

The moment Imiru realized it, his body was pulled at an incredible speed.
```
[Translated block]


```
"Krrrrr!"

He tried to destroy the chains by blowing his power even while floating in the air.

Sirona's mind was pushed by the giant's strength. But she had no intention of accepting his stupid challenge.

Sirona moved the chains and whipped the giant.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Imir's body, wrapped in chains, was slammed repeatedly in a parabolic trajectory. When he was finally stuck to the ground, the floor shook with a thud.

Imir, who stretched out like a giant, did not move.

It was humiliating.

He felt his body boiling at the fact that his flesh was mocked by a mere human mage.

"Do you think you'll break just by being slammed to the ground? Break these chains right now! Feel how strong my body is!"

Imir inflated his muscles and the chains tightened. Sirona's brow furrowed. But if the opponent came out with brute force, it was a mage's job to counter it.

"How about this?"

Sirona swung her arm and the chains loosened, sending Imir flying outside the leg.

Imir looked at Sirona with a blank expression while floating in the air.

"You......"

As he tried to spit out something, his body fell under the leg due to gravity.

7. Heaven (1)

Imir, who was falling, looked at the leg that was getting farther away. He was able to get out of his frustration when the scenery was covered by clouds.

"Anyway, those mages are......"

It didn't matter if he crashed into the ground like this. It was much more fun to have a durability contest with the ground waiting below than to twitch as a 'part'.

That's what he thought.

But as soon as the boy appeared, he smelled it again. The sour and pungent smell unique to the battlefield.

Nothing was over yet. The hottest place in heaven was still the Great World War.

"I can't miss that place."

He had to go to the Great World War.

If he attempted to leap, his power as a 'part' would weaken even more, but there was no need to hesitate since the blood smell of the battlefield was calling him.

"Huuuuup!"

Imir breathed in air and inflated his body.

As he cut off oxygen, his skin hardened like porcelain. His face lost its color and his eyes lost their vitality.

His lips opened and his pulse stopped.

That's how Imir died.

Bang! The front of his corpse exploded and an identical Imir popped out.

Imir, who carried his body with a powerful thrust, leaped tens of meters and stuck his fingers into the pillar that supported the fireball.

"Phew, it annoys me every time."

For him who pursued power, weakening of power was an unbearable frustration. Especially being born from part to part required going through death, which was extremely unpleasant.

There was one reason why he endured all this humiliation. It was to see the end of the battle with his own eyes.

Imir, who hung on the pillar, pressed his feet against the pillar and stretched his shoulders. As he pulled his arm and kicked the pillar, his body defied gravity and soared up.

@

-Progress of Life's Liquor 80 percent.

Sirona looked around the Great World War. As she approached the entrance, Peope gave her the memories she had accumulated so far.

Sirona looked down at Lian who was bleeding.

"Are you okay? Sorry I'm late."

"No. You're not late. Go in and save the girls."

Lian was a mess. He needed at least some time to replenish his stamina before going home.

"Sirona!"

Amy shouted. Her emotions exploded after holding back until now, and tears welled up in her eyes. She thought she was holding up well, but she must have been sad without knowing it.

"We don't have time! It's over when the information is transmitted!"

Sirona knew what her words meant. She was so angry that her fingertips trembled.

She had never thought that Amy had to ask for her permission for anything she did while living together.

But when this situation came up, she realized it for the first time.

No one could treat Amy arbitrarily without her permission.
```
[Translated block]


```
Canis emerged from the shadow of Siro. 

"What happened? Did you find a way to escape? Will Ikael let the women go?"

"Ikael won't come."

"Then you wasted your time?"

"Maybe. But I'll try something from now on."

Siro walked towards Baalb. But his target was Cariel beyond him.

"I'll just go back if you let the women go now."

"What difference does it make? You can't avoid destruction. The final war will happen and humans can only wait for death."

"No. You can't destroy us."

"I don't know what basis you're babbling about. The power of heaven is great. Your world wouldn't exist if Raga didn't exist."

"That might be true. But Raga is not a god."

It was not a word of pride or sophistry. Siro sincerely thought so. And so did Miro.

-Siro, a god is not a great being. He's just the designer of the world.

When he heard that from Miro, he didn't understand at first. He thought it was a word of contempt for God by an Unrocker who overestimated his ability to use Scale magic.

But now it wasn't.

Miro knew it, that a being who thinks he's great can't be a god.

There is only one god. The one who designed the world.

"Humans are not as foolish as you think. A being that we can see, feel, and analyze can't be a god! We'll fight! If the final war happens, heaven will be destroyed!"

Cariel's face twisted. It must have been a long time since he heard such an irreverent word.

"It's clear now. Humans deserve to die. Baalb, punish them."

"That's my greatest pleasure, Cariel sir."

Baalb's heavy body began to wriggle. Nameless organs flickered meaninglessly as the carcass moved.

"Canis! Back off!"

Numerous photons rose around Siro. The tension of the vibrating light was so terrible that it seemed to pop out even if touched.

Baalb pounced on Siro at the same time as ten photon cannons were fired.

Papapapapapabang!

Surprisingly, Baalb's body was pushed back. Then a scream that seemed to tear apart burst out.

The photon cannons relentlessly pounded the carcass.

The insect's legs broke and the mollusk's tentacles lost their elasticity as if they were chewed by teeth.

Baalb's body was completely overturned. Even in that situation, he was hit by the cannon and pushed towards Cariel.

Siro stopped the magic then. It was an attack that exploded all his anger at once.

But he wasn't tired. Even though the power of his shot increased, he couldn't even feel fatigue.

Canis, who watched him, was frustrated. Was it possible for a human to raise his magic power by one level in just a few hours?

It's not uncommon to realize something new on the battlefield with your life at stake.

But Siro didn't go through a mental change. All the values that made him up had risen uniformly.

'It can't be. We can't be so far apart.'

It wasn't that different when he fought Siro a few months ago. And he trained harder than anyone else to surpass Siro after losing to his light magic.

But Siro was much farther away than before.

Why isn't he discouraged? What is the source of his power?

Cariel said to Baalb who fell down.

"Stop playing around, Baalb."

His expression didn't shake at all. Of course, Siro's magic was quite good for a human. It was enough to be in the top 40 percent among Shinmin by their standards.
```

Did I translate it correctly?
[Translated block]


```
But that was not enough to defeat Mara.

By the law, it was impossible for Shirone to win against Mara's power, even if she had ten people.

"I'm sorry, Kariel. It seems like the world tree will be broken a bit."

"Go ahead."

As Kariel agreed, the floor began to shake. The countless creatures that formed Baalb's organs all flailed their limbs toward the ceiling.

"Kiki! Waking up my cute test subjects from their sleep. You will have a nightmare." 
```
[Translated block]