


[391] Combat readiness posture (4)

"Photon shaping. It's more advanced than fractals."

Canis muttered with a tense expression.

Making wings out of light was evidence that shaping had transcended the realm of photons.

Syrone had already realized the incarnation.

"How much do you know?"

Habist spoke through the mental channel.

-If it's a stage of using a specific magic, we have to think that they are ahead of us. It seems that the reason for passing through the public was not only the immortal function.

Then, the sense of incongruity that Canis felt at the time was also explained.

"It's clearer."

Canis looked back at Arin.

"What are you talking about?"

"Syrone's wings are clearer."

Canis tilted his head. It was rare for her to refer to the shape of a specific object.

'Come to think of it...'

On Galliant Island, Arin had asked if Syrone was blonde.

At the time, he didn't take it seriously, but now that he heard Habist's words, he couldn't just pass it by.

"What exactly does Syrone look like? Can you explain?"

"Syrone."

"Huh?"

"Syrone is Syrone. I've vaguely guessed since before, but I finally realized it, that I was looking at Syrone's incarnation."

Arin cannot analyze the shape reflected in the microscope. But the shape of the incarnation born from the number of laws never changes.

"It's not incarnation. Syrone is an incarnation."

That was the conclusion of Arin's mental transcendence.

"Hmm."

Canis looked back at Syrone with a serious expression.

There must be a clear difference between incarnation and incarnation. He couldn't imagine what would happen when he faced him head-on.

"What does it mean that the wings are clearer?"

"They were there at the time, wings on Syrone's back."

"What?"

There was no skill called light gain when he met Syrone on Galliant. But how did he see his wings?

"Is it like a feeling?"

Arin shook her head.

"There is no feeling in incarnation. It's just incarnation. It just wasn't as clear as it is now. It was transparent like something made by the wind. But now it's dyed in gold."

Arin is not a clairvoyant. Therefore, the wings of Syrone that she saw were likely to belong to the incarnation.

'He has wings on his incarnation?'

If Syrone strengthens his power of incarnation further, will wings really sprout from his shoulders?

Perhaps there is no one in the world who can answer that question.

Syrone stared at the navigation magic fixed in front of him and bent his knees.

'One, two...'

Finally, the arrow pointed to the sky.

'Three!'

At the same time, his wings fluttered and his body soared.

The acceleration created by driving mass at sub-light speed was tremendous, and everyone looked up in surprise.

Within 0.8 seconds, you have to check the direction, distance, speed and cast teleportation, which is in the realm of intuition.

The most tricky thing is that navigation's suggestion changes during teleportation.

In the end, you can only judge when your turn is over, and there is a loss of about 0.2 seconds here.

That 0.2 seconds was exactly the time that the association suggested that it could be shortened by God's particles.

'It starts now!'

Light gain fit exactly to that standard.

Bang!

As his wings fluttered during teleportation, the direction of the flash turned vertically.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Explosive sounds burst one after another as Syrone performed navigation's suggestions without error.

"Krrrrrr!"

The pressure of gravity acceleration due to sudden directional changes was entirely Syrone's share.

Every time the direction turned, blood in his veins pooled to one side and felt like his muscles were tearing apart.

If it was Armand's diamond armor, he could eliminate dangerous factors on his own, but he was bare-skinned now.

The stronger the pressure, the more intense his wing beats became. He couldn't stop even if his body broke.
[Translated block]
It was a flight to become a wizard.

"Wow, does that really work?"

The 0.2 second difference was also conveyed to the students on the ground. It was a completely different trajectory from a normal teleportation.

They knew how difficult it was to change direction during casting.

They felt a creepy feeling.

"Isn't that going to break in the sky? It must be under several times the gravity."

"But if you can withstand it, it's a different dimension from teleportation."

The rhythm of the movement was different.

There was no such offbeat as this offbeat, and there was a high probability that the opponent would accept it as a new tactic.

It was also a tremendous benefit in terms of numbers.

Assuming a 100-turn battle, it meant that you could reach the desired coordinates 20 seconds faster than your opponent.

And that was the true meaning of the 0.2 seconds that Shiroe was currently performing.

'When will it end?'

The navigation was harassing Shiroe as if it had the ability to think. Backward direction is basic, and it has repeatedly requested vertical fall and vertical rise.

How far have you flown?

The magic school grounds looked so small that they fit inside a circle made with your fingers.

No movement evaluation of any line requires such a vast space. What is the association thinking?

'No, this is right!'

Shiroe blindly believed. The particle of God is mine, but there should be no error in the standards calculated by the pros.

Finally, the arrow pointed to the magic school.

The speed suggested by the navigation is over 300 kilometers per hour on average. The distance was a whopping 5.4 kilometers.

'Get in within 65 seconds?'

A distance that can only be reached by connecting 540 teleports. The problem is that inertia is initialized and cannot receive the power of acceleration.

It wasn't photon line from the beginning. What the association demanded was mass dynamics, that is, movement with acceleration.

"Hoo-hoo-hoo!"

Shiroe, who cut off the start with teleportation, swung his light wing at full speed from there. Every time the wings hit the air, a sonic boom flew toward the school.

180 kilometers per hour. 220 kilometers per hour. 280 kilometers per hour.

At the moment of breaking through 2.4 kilometers, he finally exceeded 300 kilometers per hour.

However, because he lost in the initial acceleration section, he had to fly faster to match the average speed.

"Uuuuuuuu!"

The situation where only navigation was visible enough to narrow down his vision was no different from falling off a cliff.

Shiroe focused only on speed. Navigation wouldn't slam students into cliffs anyway.

340 kilometers per hour.

He doubled the area of ​​the light wing. The power equivalent to a photon cannon flickered and accelerated.

440 kilometers per hour.

He heard a fire burning in his eardrums. The magic school was approaching at an incredible speed.

'Wait...'

A thought that suddenly came to mind at that moment.

Who guarantees that navigation will not slam students into cliffs?

That's just a vague expectation of someone who's been driven into a dead end alley, not a rational judgment.

The only reliable information is that navigation is just pointing to the coordinates of the school.

'Really crazy!'

Shiroe pulled his light wing towards his body.

Acceleration has already been attached as much as possible. If you lose speed, you will be eliminated. The only safety device to save your life was air resistance.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwakwa!

Shiroe felt intense vibrations as he passed through the air mass. He didn't know that air was such a solid material for the first time.

The students who found Shiroe jumped up.

"Get out of here! It's over if you crash here!"

But where can you go? They couldn't predict the exact arrival point, so they just shook their upper body left and right.

Navigation finally made its last suggestion when it arrived at the evaluation site. Dot. It meant that it would be good for your health to stop here.

"Huh!"

Shiroe opened his eyes wide and swung his light wing forward.
[Translated block]


Boom!

A deafening sound exploded. The dust from the training ground blew away and spread a cloud of smoke in front of it.

The students who turned their heads frowned as they heard the tinnitus in their dull ears.

But soon they moved their eyes to the sight where the dust settled with a fearful expression.

It would have been better if the dust did not clear up, imagining that Shi-Rone had turned into a bloody mess.

"Shi, Shi-Rone?"

Maya moved her steps with a pale face. But her body was stiff and she couldn't move forward.

"Shi-Rone! Shi-Rone!"

Amy and her friends passed her and ran to the evaluation ground.

Flap!

A slow and huge sound blew the dust in all directions. Nade, who had eaten dirt, spat out saliva and looked ahead.

Shi-Rone, floating 5 meters above the ground, slowly flapped her wings and came down to the ground.

"Shi-Rone, are you okay?"

Shi-Rone smiled and turned her eyes to Maya. When she collapsed with a relieved expression, a thrilling ecstasy rose.

It was clearly a contradictory emotion.

"I'm fine. Let's finish the evaluation first."

She folded the light wing and extinguished it, and gold fragments spread brilliantly for a moment and disappeared.

The evaluation teacher started recording.

"Shi-Rone, movement control master difficulty passed. This is 30 points you earned today."

It didn't match Fermi's 100 points, but everyone's head in the graduation class had to get complicated again.

Fermi of All Master. Shi-Rone, who surpassed Fermi's capabilities even though he was not an All Master.

The confrontation between the two was still frozen.

'This makes it a more difficult problem. Is Fermi really going to break like this?'

It was natural for conflicts to arise among those who staked their lives on this graduation test, except for Fermi's party.

Electric Monster Lycon said with cold eyes.

"That's the first tough guy I've ever seen. Fermi, slowly...!"

Lycon's face froze as he turned his head.

Fermi's pupils were not normal. The right pupil was rolled up and the left pupil was pushed aside.

It was the appearance of a true monster hidden behind the mask of a businessman.

'Damn it, this means nothing but blowing up together.'

Non-standard eater. Even if he had a cool mind, his insides were twisted as much as possible.

He might not do that, but if Fermi starts to move emotionally, he will suffer a great loss.

'How much do you earn in a month...'

He thought it might be better to just let go of Shi-Rone or something like that.

"Hey, Fermi. You..."

"I'll call an emergency meeting. All officers gather at Gold Hwarun."

Fermi gave a brief order and walked away.

As if he had seen a ghost without facial features, Lycon could not remember Fermi's face just before.

* * *

The high ground occupation evaluation was two days ahead.

The students secretly gathered and held strategy meetings, and those who had not decided on a team by now were also at the point of making a decision.

Everything from team composition to match-up was autonomous in the mock evaluation of the graduation test.

You can choose any team you want, and if you are multiple or not chosen, you decide by drawing beads.

So far, only Shi-Rone's team has been revealed to all members.

On the other hand, Screamer's team was still shrouded in veil. At least it was for Shi-Rone's team.

'Are you still in the music room today?'

Shi-Rone entered the graduation class building. He had left early to find Maya at Iruki's request.

As expected, when a song came out of the music room, he remembered the feeling of that day when the sunset faded and his heart started beating.

He slowly opened the door and entered, and Maya turned her head with a bright smile.

"Oh, Shi-Rone! What are you doing here? We're supposed to meet later."

Shi-Rone felt like he knew but didn't know. He felt distant but friendly again at times like this.
[Translated block]


"He said he could do it a little faster. He came up with a customized strategy for the screamer team."

"Oh, I see. Where did you agree to meet?"

Maya closed the piano and got up, walking past Shirone to the door. She smelled like milk, like a child.

"Do you want to come with me? It might be fun."
[Translated block]