


```text
[230] 3. Where is Shirone? (5)

Olivia suddenly stopped as if she remembered something.

"I can't do this anymore. I will attend the afternoon classes myself. I will go through all the classes from Class Ten, so please prepare."

"Yes, I understand."

Sade answered as if he was hypnotized. It was something he couldn't hate because he was trying to raise the reputation of the school.

Olivia hurried her steps again, and Shirone came from across the hall. Sade tilted his head, wondering if it was too early to come back after eating.

"Shirone? What's going on?"

"Oh, hello."

Olivia looked at Shirone approaching. The boy Alpheus said he resembled himself. But the Alpheus she knew was not like this.

Well, he met him in his early 30s, when he had lost his wife and became a recluse. Then, is this boy Alpheus before he got married, the light of the Mirhi family?

"You are Shirone."

"Yes, nice to meet you."

"Yes. It's lunchtime now?"

"I'm going to see the principal. I went to the principal's office, but he wasn't there."

"Of course not. I'm the principal from today."

"Oh, I'm sorry."

Shirone realized his mistake and panicked, and Sade quickly intervened and resolved the situation.

"The teacher will be in his private library. If you go to the right from the central building, there is an annex. Go that way."

Sade sent a wink to go quickly. Shirone, who realized what was going on, bowed his head and turned back.

"Phew! I almost suffocated and died."

Shirone took a deep breath as he left the building.&nbsp;

The energy emitted by a second-class archmage was a kind he had never experienced before.&nbsp;

He felt pressure from Arcane, but Olivia surpassed that and didn't even feel pressured. He realized that he couldn't breathe until he got out of the area.

Shirone calmed his mind and went to find the annex as Sade told him. When he knocked on the door with the doorknob, Alpheus in comfortable clothes greeted Shirone.

"I've been waiting for you. Come on in."

Shirone looked around at the simple scenery of the annex and fixed his gaze on a portrait hanging on the wall.&nbsp;

Alpheus introduced her, pointing at her.&nbsp;

"My wife, Erina Randa. You know her too, right?"

"Yes. Hello."

Shirone bowed to the portrait. He felt like he had to do that for some reason. Alpheus raised his eyebrows at his absurd behavior, but didn't tell him to stop.

"Yes, you must have a lot of things you want to talk about. But before you listen to your story... Are you hungry by any chance?"

"Actually, a little."

"I boiled mushroom soup. Let's eat together."

The two sat face to face and ate. Alpheus was curious as well, but he waited without saying anything. Starting any story was always difficult.

"Principal teacher, I went to heaven."

Dangrang, the dishes fell. Alpheus swallowed soup under his lips and wiped his beard.

He couldn't believe it, but it was true when he saw Shirone's face. It wasn't the expression of a traveler who had been to a strange place or an explorer who had discovered something amazing.

"Heaven means..."

"I'm sorry. It just happened that way. Canis..."

Alpheus listened to what happened and was speechless for a while. Especially, it was the first time he heard that Arcane had gone to heaven.

Well, looking back, he was a person with many secrets. He chose evil over good, but he was close to nihilism.

"Principal teacher, I'm curious about something. How did Miro get involved in that?"

Alpheus realized Shirone's guess. But his thoughts did not change. It was already past and could not be reversed. One person who couldn't get out of the past was enough.

'Gaold...'

Mikia Gaold. He is now one of the first-class archmages in the kingdom, but Alpheus still remembered him as his disciple and a pure young man.
```
[Translated block]


```text
"Shirone. Don't try to know anything. It's a matter of transcending the nation. The moment you step in there, your life will be twisted."

"But what if Miro...!"

"What changes if you know?"

Shirone closed his mouth. There is nothing he can change by knowing. Even now, this world was maintained by the power of only one person.

"Principal, what if the army of heaven breaks through Miro's space-time...."

Alpheus shook his head.

"Miro has been preparing for a long time since he blocked the army of heaven. Do you understand, Shirone? Nothing will change. You have a dream. Don't ruin your life by being tied to the truth you can't touch."

It was the same as before going to Galliant Island, but now Shirone could understand what he meant. He almost ruined his life and his friends' lives by just dipping his feet for a moment.

"Yes, don't worry. I felt it in my bones."

Alpheus smiled kindly.

"Ataraxia is amazing even for me. In ancient times, they called the ability of angels the magic of dragons. If you have a chance later, look for the history of the dragon race. The dragon race has a much longer history than humans, so they will know more about angels."

Shirone unexpectedly got good information. He had only thought about the relationship between heaven and humans, but when he looked at it, it was a matter that was intertwined with the whole world.

'I have to study the history of other races later.'

Shirone finished thinking and asked.

"Do I have to take responsibility for this power?"

"Hehe, Shirone, there is no such thing. No one knows what your choice will result in. You have to think and judge for yourself."

"I hesitate many times."

"Hahaha! That's natural too. Ataraxia is open as much as I am stronger than me."

Alpheus' words were not false. If Shirone's story was not exaggerated, the moment Ataraxia's magic circle opened was a force that even a public 4th class magician could not stop.

But Shirone was not happy.

He knew what Alpheus' premise 'as much as Ataraxia is open' meant.

Theory and reality are clearly different. Opening an immortal function and being defenseless for a minute is no different from waiting for your neck to be cut off in real combat.

"I know what you want to say. It's true that it's an ability that I can't handle yet. I'll try hard to make it mine from now on."

"That's right. You got a good relationship. It's yours. Hug it and think about it countless times."

"Yes, thank you."

He felt relieved when he confided in Alpheus. He may have passed on his responsibility to an adult, but that was natural.

All Shirone could do was grow up quickly and share their responsibilities.

When Shirone returned to school, Alpheus locked the door and returned with a serious expression.

It was new information about heaven that came in after a year.

When Miro returned from heaven, she accepted the reality that she had to save everyone with her sacrifice.

But Shirone was different. He fought against heaven.

Struggle creates enemies, but it also creates allies.

Shirone gained comrades as a price for fighting in heaven. The world will pay attention to the results of Miro and different meanings.

"Honey, honestly, I'm scared. I don't know anymore either. Who that kid is."

Ataraxia. You hug it and you handle it, I said irresponsible words.

But he wasn't one to nag at a power he couldn't handle.

"It makes my blood boil for the first time in a long time. It might hurt your feelings if I say this, but wasn't leaving you a mistake to meet this boy later?"

He didn't think he was the only one who could teach Shirone. But his failure in his youth would surely be a fertilizer for Shirone's development.
```
[Translated block]


```
"What do you think? Can I be a little more greedy?"

Erina in the picture was smiling.

@

Arin walked around the flower garden behind the high-class class where the autumn flowers were in full bloom. It was a place that no one visited because the site was narrow, but she liked it more because of that.

The classes were mostly things she knew, but the school she attended for the first time since she was born was much harder to adapt to than expected.

"Arin, did you wait?"

Canis ran over with a rice ball in his arms. Alpheus paid the tuition, so the board was free, but he didn't want to get help from the school. It may be a childish stubbornness to refuse to eat while using the accommodation, but Alpheus did not stop him.

It's a school that killed Arcane. Even if he didn't act young, he was admirable for wanting to keep his loyalty to his teacher.

"Let's eat. I don't know if this one has enough salt."

Arin sat down in the flower garden and picked up a rice ball. At first it was too salty to eat, but gradually it became deeper.

Canis chewed on his rice and said.

"I wonder if I should do something at night."

"Canis, the principal teacher gives you pocket money. It's foolish to be stubborn."

"I know. But it's over as soon as you think it's natural. I'll take what I have to take, but I have to refuse step by step. He was an enemy of my teacher, so I can't raise a white flag shamefully."

Canis added a word.

"I'll use it if I'm really in a hurry. But I don't want to expect it."

Canis' words were not wrong either. Above all, the two of them were not yet accustomed to mingling with children in the restaurant.

"Tsk, there's none here either. Where did he go?"

Dante and his party entered the flower garden. Canis had heard who they were by rumor. But he didn't want to care. He didn't know if he was a star of the kingdom or something, but he deserved to be childish.

"Shall we ask?"

Dante also approached Canis when he found him. When he looked closely at the two people, he felt sorry for them and tears came out. He thought they were dating or something, but they were sitting hunched over and eating rice balls miserably. It was obvious that they were being bullied. There is always a marginalized group in any organization.

"Hey, are you guys Class Poji?"

Dante asked, but no answer came back. He spoke loudly enough to hear, but only rice balls were visible in their eyes.

Closer said.

"Don't you have money to buy food? Do you accept poor people because it's a rural school? I can't stand it because it's low level."

Arin glanced at Closer. Then she moved her chin like a squirrel as if she would be snatched away.

She had known since she was young that people who despise food are the first to pick up forks.

Closer got bored and said. The body was skinny girl had a huge appetite.

"Are you starving? Eat slowly. I won't steal it."

There was still no answer from the two of them. Dante felt stuffy. Was it because they were from the countryside that they kept seeing sights that they couldn't even see in the city?

"Do you hide and eat because kids bother you? You live so pitifully. Just fight back like crazy. Don't be pushed around."

"So what?"

Canis couldn't stand it and raised his head. The thing he hated most in the world was someone bothering him while eating.

Dante realized his mistake when he looked into Canis' eyes. Realism? No, more than that, hostility swirling from deep inside. This guy crossed the taboo.

As soon as a reaction came, Closer clenched his fist.

"What? You're pretty strong? Do you need to taste my fist to come to your senses?"

"Stop it, Closer."

Dante stopped him. He felt a hunch that he would see a dirty sight if he touched them. Even in this situation, Arin couldn't find any signs of tension.

Does she have confidence? Or did she live on a battlefield surrounded by corpses?

"Hey, are you Class Poji's best?"

"Best? The best is Shirone, right?"

'Is this guy Shirone too?'
```
[Translated block]


Dante was lost in thought. Following Iruki, Canis also pointed out Shirone. It felt like the clues were finally unraveling. Master Olivia hit the nail on the head.

Source: Google Translate
[Translated block]