
Rain (2)

* * ?

"Rain."

Lian, who had put away his weapon, looked up at the sky.

He saw particles of light falling from the sky, trapped in an unknown dome-shaped barrier.

"No, is it light?"

The demon world opened by Gaitan was destroyed without a trace by the pouring light.

"What, what is that?"

The survivors trapped in the dome began to get up from their places and look at the black clouds.

A part of a flying object of an unknown size was sticking out of the clouds.

'This is not good.'

Lian was worried about Shirone, but he did not dare to go outside the blue dome.

It was a rain of light that had destroyed all the buildings of 10 meters high in less than a minute.

Not to mention dying, the moment he went outside, his body would be crushed without a trace.

More than anything, there was a sight that convinced him that this phenomenon was caused by Shirone.

Tatatatatata!

The particles of light that destroyed the world with a loud noise flashed when they touched the surface of the object.

The light, which was so beautiful that it hurt his eyes, glowed in a hexagonal shape.

"Hexa."

At the top of the Earth Temple, Taesung watched what was happening in the Gustav Empire.

Under the glass floor, Yafah's clouds covered the empire.

"Teraphos."

And cutting through the black clouds, a huge spaceship half the size of the empire was approaching.

Thud! Thud!

Taesung turned around at the vibration he felt from the floor.

"You are..."

"The administrator of Gaia."

With gray skin, long heads front and back, eyes covered with metal, and a pointed chin.

A 3-meter-tall alien creature, Teraphos's chief judge, approached him awkwardly with his thin arms.

"You came yourself."

"The Hexa program has been activated. According to the user protection rules, Teraphos sends an ark."

The chief judge, who stood next to Taesung, looked at the scene on the ground reflected on the screen.

Taesung asked.

"...What is Hexa?"

"It is a unit of the Ultima system and a kind of extinction code. The signal of Hexa corresponds to all information one-to-one and erases the source of the Akashic record."

The chief judge stopped talking as he watched the information of the world being erased by the rain of light.

"It's the second time I've seen it with my own eyes, purification."

"It happened in Gaia's era. The ark came, does that mean you're choosing two people this time?"

"Hexa cannot be stopped by anything. The electromagnetic barrier will eventually break. We have to pick two people before that."

A man and a woman, only two humans will board the ark and migrate to another planet.

"Yafah's anger will grow and cover the whole planet. It's over. He closed this world."

"It's not an eternal end though." That's why it was purification.

"Hmm, the selected couple will eventually settle on another planet and bring many users."

The chief judge looked at Taesung.

"Like two Gaia people who were selected in ancient purification and made humans flourish on this land." Taesung remained silent.

"He's here, you know? The only Gaia person left in the photon system, this planet's first human."

"He's no longer human. He exists with only memories in his small brain."

It was his own choice.

"So, who are the two people selected this time?"

"We are reviewing many combinations. There are about 300 candidates. A decision will be made soon at the meeting."

"They have to open a new world by themselves. It's too harsh. Who are the candidates?"

"For example, Miro and Habits."

Taesung looked at the chief judge with a faint eye.

"Extreme good and extreme evil?"

"It's the best way to maintain the system. Miro will agree. The previous error should not be repeated."
[Translated block]


The first humans made a mistake.

"It's Eve."

"She broke the rules. She tried to become the mother of all. In the end, Eve's partner is...

He lives as a brain without being annihilated.

"Anyway, that combination can't succeed. Maybe in the old maze, but now it's different. She won't accept anyone but Gaol."

"So the candidates. First of all, I will thoroughly investigate. Currently, the parliament has Ethelra and Shagal in mind."

"Ethelra and Shagal?"

It was a very strange combination, but Tae-sung, who was lost in thought for a moment, accepted it.

"Maybe that's possible."

When the chief justice of Terraforce personally led the ark, he finally realized it.

"Again, it's over." The chief justice tapped Tae-sung's shoulder.

"Don't be disappointed. It's just a trial and error stage. Someday mankind will reach the ultimate."

"Is it really possible, a perfect world?"

A world where there is nothing more to fix.

"Whatever God creates, it is only God's perfection. The truly perfect thing is when we become God."

Humans have to define it.

"That's why God is indifferent and does not interfere with this world. The only thing he can send from outside...

The chief justice looked at Shirone.

"A signal borrowed from a human body."

"Is that Yahweh?"

"If the one who is farthest from humans is Buddha, Yahweh is the one closest to God. It may be such a thing to love all things, but Shirone is also human after all."

In front of the eternal pain of the holy sound, Shirone had no choice but to choose merit rather than compassion.

"This time we'll start with a different combination. We have to pick the best two. There's still plenty of time."

There are billions of years left.

"Look for a planet where the ark will arrive. I hope it's far from here."

"...Yes."

If it was providence to maintain the system, he had no choice but to follow it, but Tae-sung's heart was torn with pain.

'Shirone...

The light droplets that destroy the world felt like Shirone's tears. Is it an illusion?

'Are you really going to end it like this?' The 8th Corps Commander Mitra fought with the five ivory towers and the sea.

Many demons were by his side, but they didn't dare to get involved in the fierce battle.

"This, this...

The combined attack of the four strongest human magicians was terrifying, and Mitra couldn't avoid being hard-pressed.

"Commander! Open the demon world!" The frustrated subordinates shouted and Mitra's face twisted evilly.

'You bastards! It's not your job...

If you open the demon world, you will be annihilated forever.

'Really open it up?'

He suddenly thought of that while fighting with Fried.

"Kuk!"

Zing's law bound Mitra's limbs, and Amantha's wheel hit his head.

With a bang, his head turned and Mitra looked back fiercely at that moment.

Kiiiiiiing!

Minerva's jet hit his vitals.

"Kraaaah!" He was pushed back several kilometers by force and flying demons quickly followed him.

"Commander! Hurry up and open..."

"Uaaaaah! Shut up!"

The heads of innocent demons were smashed.

"I'm going crazy."

A special being who received the authority of the demon world at birth.

Mitra also had a lot of pride in him, but when it came down to it, he couldn't make up his mind.

'Are you going back to eternal nothingness like this?' What was Amon thinking when he opened the demon world?

"He's surprisingly timid."

As the four greats chased Mitra and flew side by side, Minerva said.

"That's why demons are afraid of Buddha. It's no different from dying if you can't resurrect from hellfire."

Fried snorted.

"How can such a coward be a corps commander?"

Zing said.

"They are no different from humans in essence except that they contain only evil qualities. You can easily kill them."
[Translated block]


"Don't be too careless. If you lose sight of it, you'll have a headache from then on."

Unlike Odaesung, who was prepared for any emergency, Mitura's mind did not turn away easily.

'I can't go on like this. I have to open the underworld for Satan. Open, open, open!'

Flames shot from Mitura's eyes.

It didn't seem like it yet.

"Damn it! Let's fight a little more! We can win!"

At that moment, a huge fireball flew in and exploded on the surface of the water.

Melania looked at the horizon.

"It's Yahweh's tears."

The sound of the light particles that pierced the entire empire destroying objects reminded them of the end.

Melania's black umbrella wouldn't last long either, but her expression was calm.

"This ending isn't so bad."

According to the doctrine of the underworld, when Yahweh's tears overflow in the world, it will perish.

It was indeed so.

The power of the light rain was enough to sweep away all the demons of the empire.

"Do you know why we hate you?"

Melania approached Shirone and slowly reached out to touch the hexa particles.

Pop pop pop pop!

Her hand exploded in the light that pierced her.

"If I don't do this...

The black umbrella disappeared, and Melania hugged Shirone's body as it was.

"You don't look at us."

Countless drops of light hit their bodies.

"What can I do if I was born like this?" Even with the legion commander's endurance, she could only last a few minutes longer than other demons.

"What is love?"

Neither demons nor habits know how to love.

"I can die for you. I can kill Satan if you want. But...

She opened her mouth with a sad smile as she waited for Shirone's answer.

"I really don't know what that is."

Her beautiful face collapsed as her body began to shave off from above.

Shirone said nothing.

"Are you here?"

Shirone, who existed only as a signal, moved quickly toward the source of the voice.

"Where is this?"

Hexagonal particles quickly assembled and turned into human form.

"I don't know. Maybe it's hell."

In front of Shirone, there was Ogent Guy, who was sitting cross-legged and resting his chin on his hand.

"Hell?"

Shirone saw a ray of light coming from the darkness far away connected to Guy.

"Do you see it, this light? It doesn't pull me in, but it keeps calling me and it's annoying. An irresistible temptation, shall we say?"

Shirone looked at his body, but there was nothing connected to him.

"I got something when I came here. Maybe this is what Idea is. That's why I think I'm the only one who died. Oh, you're dead too."

"We're... dead?"

He didn't remember anything after being stabbed by Guy's sword.

'Is this a dream?'

He didn't feel real.

"I'd like to explain it to you, but I don't have a way to explain it. It says it's sending such a signal. Anyway, the reason why you waited for me is because you want to make a proposal."

"What kind of proposal if we're already dead?"

"You can go back alive."

It was a word that could not be ignored even if it was a dream.

"Ha, how do I explain this? So, if I don't follow this light, you can live. Do I have to say I'm giving up my place? Do I have to say there's one spot left? Anyway, that's how it feels."

"I don't understand what you're saying. And why are you saving me? You have no reason to do that."

"You don't remember what you did at all."

"What did I do?"

Guy laughed and asked with a smile on his lips.

"Yeah, are you feeling better now?"
[Translated block]