


```
Infinity (4)

The sight of corpses tangled together gave a feeling of destroying even the dignity of life.

"What is God?"

The village chief said with a sneer.

"In other words, what is it to transcend humanity, to transcend?"

He lifted the wrist of a corpse and spoke while caressing the flesh with loving eyes.

"He used some strange power. Well, in some sense, that could also be considered strength."

The village chief let go of his hand and the corpse's arm fell.

"How hard did he try? To be safer, to get more. But that's not God."

Nade snapped.

"What does that have to do with doing this? You're just a brutal murderer."

"Murderer? You shouldn't define me with such low-level concepts. At least not here."

The village chief lifted the eyelid of the corpse and gazed ecstatically at the lifeless pupil.

"Prove that I am God."

Then he suddenly turned his head and started to destroy the corpses with his hands.

Nade made a disgusted expression.

"Ugh!"

"These guys, they can't resist. Do you know what it feels like to be perfectly safe? Have you ever felt that in your life? But I feel it. Even if I do this, or even if I do this...

Electricity rose from Nade's body, but Shirone raised her arm to block it.

"No one can harm me. It's perfect strength. That's why corpses, flesh, this fragrant blood...

The village chief pulled something up with his hand and bit it with a crunch, then fluttered his eyelids.

"It's a golden treasure given by God."

"I get it."

Shirone couldn't stand it any longer.

"There's only one thing I want to hear. Who's behind this? The one called that woman. Where is she now?"

"Hahaha!" The village chief burst into laughter and blood splattered.

"Behind? Foolish humans! Who do you think I am! I am God! Your corpses will also be toyed with by my hand here!"

"Let's say that...

Nade rolled up his sleeve and approached.

"Let's hit him first."

The body wrapped in blue electricity made a sound of burning air and rushed at the village chief.

The moment five fingers tried to catch his face.

"Stop."

Nade couldn't resist and landed weakly at the sound of a woman's voice from behind.

Shirone turned around and saw the woman who had been locked up in prison until a while ago.

"Lavica?"

Shirone shook her head at Nade's words.

"No, different."

It was hard to find if you pointed it out, but the quality of being human itself had changed.

'It changed in the heart.'

If it was the realm of emotion, he had a rough guess who was behind all this.

"Show yourself, Prejudice 5 o'clock." Shirone had heard from Eruki

and Nade narrowed their eyes and asked.

"Prejudice 5 o'clock, you mean Shiok?"

Lavica just smiled and the village chief jumped up and stood up.

"Hehehe! Didn't I tell you! I am God!"

Eruki realized the identity of 'that woman'.

'The existence of the back world is emotion in reality. It's not a living human. It's evil that has penetrated into the hearts of the villagers.'

Nade tensed up and asked.

"Shiok? Weren't you protecting Satan?"

"The concept of space-time is meaningless. 0.666 seconds is a time that the law does not handle. If you cast stop magic, maybe you'll show yourself...

Maybe Lavica will kill herself.

Like the mother of two brainwashed siblings who stabbed her own heart.

"Hehehe! That's right! This woman, she's pretty good at mind skills. But she can't beat me."

"Did you leave her alone on purpose?"

"Didn't you know? The reason evil wins is because good is weak. It's not because you can't get rid of it, but because you need it. If everything becomes evil, where are we going to get pleasure from?"
```
[Translated block]


```
That is the essence of evil.

Therefore, to defeat evil, we need an iron man who is as far from human standards as evil.

Ravica spread her arms wide.

"That truth is still valid in this situation. Look, the only good person who tried to save this village is in front of you. Do you think you can kill me?"

He confessed obediently, knowing that it would not be hidden by hiding it.

"I can't kill you. But that's not because I'm weak."

"What do I know, what do you think? The important thing is that Satan has won again. Poor Yahweh, you can never achieve what you want. As long as humans are tempted by evil, war is our victory."

Nade moved his feet.

"You seem to be mistaken, Yahweh is Siroene. And I am a very emotional ordinary human."

Blue electricity spewed from his body and the cave wall flashed so brightly that it hurt his eyes.

"I'll kill you, Siroene. It's not for you, it's my choice. Don't stop me."

The village chief rubbed his body against the corpse and shouted.

"Uh-huh! Fools! Don't you still know! The pleasure of the flesh is God's...

Iruki's atomic bomb exploded.

The village chief's body bounced off with a roar and became indistinguishable from the corpses.

When Nade, who had lost his reason, tried to jump out, Ravica pointed her index finger at him.

"Siroene is your enemy."

As soon as the words fell, a tremendous change began to occur in Nade's mind.

"Kuk!"

Prejudice 5 o'clock.

When something is justified, everyone thinks so.

"Siroene is your enemy who killed your family. Don't be deceived by the one wearing Yahweh's mask."

'No, that can't be.'

Even though he knew it was nonsense, his mind kept amplifying his doubts.

"Kill Siroene. Avenge him."

"Shut up! There must have been a reason! Siroene killed my family... there must have been a reason!"

Prejudice 5 o'clock was surprised again.

'Can you stand it? Even if Siroene actually killed his family... it means he can endure it...

Iruki also looked at Siroene unpleasantly, but did not seem to have any intention of taking action.

"Hehehe, a tearful friendship."

Ravica twisted her smile.

"Kill him! Siroene brutally slaughtered your family! And he killed them with a smile!"

"Aaaaah!"

As the electric shock exploded as if to explode, Siroene said.

"Nade, you don't have to endure it. I'll block it. It's not your sincerity. It's her ability."

"??????No."

Nade's face twisted like a demon.

"Even if it's the devil's ability, even if you killed my family, even if you killed them with a smile...

As he spat out words, his anger was amplified.

"But still...

Half of Nade's horrible face slowly loosened and tears flowed down.

"No, Siroene? Is it a lie?"

'Prejudice 5 o'clock.'

Siroene's eyes widened with anger.

'I want to kill him.'

The reason he was still holding on was because of the one chance Nade would make.

Prejudice 5 o'clock also realized the seriousness at last.

'The hidden code doesn't go in? No, that can't be. Even if the mind technique is too excellent...

It was an amazing thing to be able to handle anger, the most difficult emotion to suppress, to this extent.

"Huh? Huh? Huh?"

At that moment, Nade twitched his body and gradually rolled his eyes up.

'Here it comes, here it comes!'

All thoughts faded away and the electric shock of anger smashed the ceiling of the cave and soared.

"Kraaaaaa!"

Avatar of anger.

The brain god reincarnated with electricity roared and scratched everyone in space with his nails.

"Hok!"

Siroene did not miss a moment of clear energy flashing in Ravica's eyes.

'Now!'

```

What do you think of this translation? Do you want me to translate more texts for you?
[Translated block]
Stop.

As time stopped, a woman in a black robe emerged from Ravica.

"Yaaaaa!"

With all the rage he had accumulated so far, Hand of God grabbed Prejudice of 5 o'clock and went up.

A hole was pierced in the deep cave and the sky was visible, and the hidden code was released.

As Nade, who had already lost his reason, went outside, Iruki shouted after regaining his senses.

"Shirone! I'll take care of this!"

"Please!"

Shirone, who flew out of the cave, found Prejudice of 5 o'clock descending into a deep shadow.

"I'll kill you."

As Hand of God slammed the ground, the mountain shook with a thud.

Then Nade's Brain Transcendence electrified the surroundings by hitting the ground.

Thousands of lightning bolts flowed backwards, creating a spectacular sight, and the plants turned to ashes in an instant.

"Ha! Ha!"

Even after regaining his reason, Nade trembled with anger at Prejudice of 5 o'clock.

"Damn it! You dog-like......!"

Shirone ran to his side.

"Nade, are you okay?"

"Yeah, sorry. I got excited without knowing it."

"No. Thanks to you, we were able to reduce the number of victims. Ravica will be fine too."

Nade looked ahead.

"Did he die? No, can you kill him?"

"In reality's 0.666 seconds, Hell is in the state of Life God. If he was hit properly, the probability of survival is slim."

Iruki came with the survivors.

"What happened?"

"As you can see."

Showing them the scene where everything was devastated was more effective than saying a hundred words.

Ravica knelt down in tears.

"Oh, Lord Yor. I fell into the temptation of evil. Please punish me."

Shirone tapped her shoulder.

"Don't blame yourself. That woman is the strongest evil who even hates Yora. You did your best."

"What about my husband, my husband and our child?"

Shirone chose his words carefully.

"Your prayers worked. Your husband tried to get out of the village with your child."

He remembered the words 'I am king', but there was no need to mention them.

Iruki pointed to the entrance of the village.

"Shirone, look over there."

A long line of torches came in and then there was a clanking sound of armor rattling.

About 80 soldiers armed with silver armor approached Shirone's party.

"Stop!"

The captain on horseback counted his troops and took off his helmet that came down to his chin.

She was a woman with blond hair and a high nose.

"Who are you?"

She didn't sound nice, and her sword gleaming with torchlight pointed at Shirone's forehead.

"There are still people in this place full of evil energy. Identify yourself quickly. If not..."

Nade, who was still excited, flicked his finger at the blade and approached him.

"What are you doing with a knife all of a sudden?"

The soldiers drew their swords.

"Can't you back off! How dare you threaten the Paladin, the Holy Knight of Rami Church!"

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Huh? Rami Church?"

It was the largest religion in the world and the only church with a pope.

"Yes! We are God's Expeditionary Force sent by the Pope himself to eradicate evil in the world! Kneel down quickly!"

The woman raised her hand.

"No, that's enough. The earthquake and lightning that happened just before. It must have been made by evil that stays in this mountain. Where did he go?"

Nade pointed to the bottom of the mountain.

"If that's what you mean..."

The soldiers turned their heads along his finger and their faces suddenly turned pale.

"Pal, Paladin. Please look over there."

"Why are you making such a fuss? Tsk."

She turned her head with a frown, but she too lost her words at the sight.

"What is that?"

On the scorched earth, there was a fist mark that changed the terrain itself.
[Translated block]