


```text
[446] Mental Armament (1)

Two iron wheels are meshed together to form the world, and everything changes within it.

That is the Sun and Moon Light Wheel.

The technique that made Sein the strongest of the black line mental series, which can perfectly control the environment within the range that does not exceed the equalizing value of equalizing.

In other words, if the horizontal value is 100, it is possible to increase the power to 99 instead of reducing the speed to 1.

The transformation value varies infinitely depending on the settings, so the actual mechanism is not as intuitive as this, but it contains a potential that can break even a superior opponent depending on how it is handled.

-New program detected. Search.

Babel's light wheel immediately recognized the change in the world.

The biggest change was that Sein's speed was surpassing her.

It was not that Sein had become faster or Babel had become slower.

To define it precisely, it was a result of equalizing the relative speed of the two objects.

Babel's fatal response method, which had reached 2.7 billion, dropped sharply to just 2 million.

It was a long time since Babel calculated this far for one object, let alone a human.

Of course, there are still 2 million possibilities left to kill Sein instantly.

But the reason why Babel was truly scary was that it was a completely ruthless program that couldn't even feel a sense of relief there.

There is no complacency or anxiety.

Babel only repeated the existing calculations and stubbornly pressed Sein.

'It's really tricky.'

Sein, who had equalized hundreds of environments that led the battle to his advantage, dropped his mental power to match the horizontal value.

His spirit zone is as huge as Jonah among mental series magicians, but now it has shrunk to an area of ​​just 20 square meters.

Babel immediately entered close combat.

There was no reason to refuse if the number of fatal response methods increased by 830,000.

'It's a monster. There's not a single gap.'

It was a power that even Sein, who had faced countless strong men so far, had no choice but to stick out his tongue.

It was not a transcendent ability, but its combat power derived from a flawless algorithm was comparable to that of an angel.

Kying! Kying!

Every time Babel's blade grazed Sein's cheek, a sharp roar pierced his eardrum.

'I'm already caught in a trap.'

He felt that Babel had begun to be sure of something.

I can't stand it.

If this continues, Sein's neck will fall off in 10 seconds.

-Fatal response method: 32,564 cases.

The cause produces the result and that result becomes the cause of a new result.

All causality that occurred from the start of combat contributed to the current result, and the number of response methods dropped exponentially.

And what that meant was only one thing.

'I'm dying!'

Even at the moment when Sein was convinced, the rebels could not move.

Only Sein realized clear death.

Kwaaaaang!

Then a huge steel pillar slammed down in front of him.

Sein lifted his head without checking Babel on the floor.

A mech suit with a height of 30 meters was in a posture of hitting the ground with its arm.

It was Titan, which belonged to the third stage of mech combat system.

It was one of only three equipment in the rebel command center, and its physical strength approaching 3,000 tons and its heat flash gun made by magnetic pulse were among the best in mech technology.

It took tens of thousands of elixirs and thousands of tons of minerals to produce one unit, and even the program that made up the system was not something anyone could design.

If you need a piper to manipulate Guroi, you can't control Titan without boarding Guroi.

This is because it takes 10 tons of strength just to move one arm of Titan.

It was an extremely sensitive equipment because the force was transmitted in order from Piper, Guroi, and Titan, and therefore its combat power varied greatly depending on the pilot's skill.
```
[Translated block]


The one who boarded Titan No. 1, which crushed Babel, was Crude, a genius pilot and rebel commander.

He didn't get involved knowing that Sein was dangerous. It was confidence that he could definitely defeat him now.

But that confidence was shattered by the powerful force that pushed into the cockpit shortly after.

"Krrrrk!"

Babel lifted Titan's huge palm with both hands as the sound of metal scraping sounded.

Crude pulled the joystick and the plasma engine delivered a powerful roar that seemed to explode.

The more he did, the faster Babel's wheels spun.

Eventually, it spread like a nova, pushing out an absurd weight and pulling out its body.

Kuaaaaaang!

As Titan's palm fell again, the ground cracked and pillars of dirt rose tens of meters high.

Sein retreated as if sliding and looked at the battlefield.

Guroi's fire net covered the sky, and the remaining two Titans were firing ten flash guns at Babel flying in the sky.

Among the soldiers fighting frantically, Kanya and Lena, who had lost their father, were also mixed.

"Die!"

Kanya pulled the trigger with tears in her eyes.

But it was impossible to hit an object faster than a bullet.

-Babel Program: Wide Area Combat System Operation.

-Target: All enemies.

-Combat Pattern: Massacre.

-Killing Response Method: 7 types.

Babel, which applied a new algorithm, ran across the battlefield at a terrifying speed.

All Gurois in the place where the silver flash passed exploded and fell.

Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump!

Every time the three Titans hit the ground, vibrations reached Sein's feet even tens of meters away.

'I can't beat him with Guroi. He's already out of the category to compare power.'

Crude followed Babel with exquisite piloting skills.

It was a speed that was hard to catch up with human eyes, but Babel's trajectory was still drawn on the radar.

But it was only measuring inertia, and hitting the target was entirely up to the pilot.

'Here!'

Booooooong!

Titan's shoulders opened and dark caves-like muzzles popped out and fired ten flash guns.

-Avoidance possibility: 0 percent. Enter defensive posture.

Babel stopped flying and crossed his arms in an X shape. At the same time, a tremendous flash drove metal gas into the ground.

Kwaaaaaang!

Babel stood up with smoke on his knees where the earth turned red and melted like lava.

'Oh my god! What is it made of?'

It's definitely not pure minerals.

But he couldn't think of any alloy that could have such heat resistance either.

'10 seconds.'

If you can concentrate the energy of the flash gun for more than 10 seconds, even Babel will have to melt.

But Crude smiled bitterly as he calculated that far.

What Babel can do in 10 seconds is obvious if you think about it.

The more time passed, the more casualties occurred.

Sein was in a losing situation even though he equalized all conditions to Babel's disadvantage.

'It's strange. Really strange.'

Sein realized only after stepping back from the battle.

That machine is not made by humans at all.

It just looks like a machine, but its internal program is far beyond human intelligence.

The work of an angel? Or something more than that?

What Sein felt about Babel's strangeness was that much.

-Change combat system.

As the number of rebels decreased as much as set, Babel finally stopped moving.

"Now is the time! All attack!"

Crude immediately gave orders and thousands of bullets hit her.

Babel's body, which sparked sparks, was like a flame itself.

-Activate map weapon. Codename Babel.

Finally, Babel revealed its true value.
[Translated block]


As he bent his upper body like a bow, his neck fell off and fell back, and then his chest opened.

The glass ball embedded in the torso was exposed, and the arms and legs were stuck to the ground, acting as a support.

Kurururururu!

An electrical phenomenon occurred in front of the glass ball of Babel facing Titan.

"Thermal flash gun! Plug it in!"

Crude, who sensed the crisis, concentrated six ports on three Titan units.

It was a combat rule that was not in the textbook to shoot directly at the ground with a wide-area strike weapon, but now it was not a situation to choose.

Six thermal flash guns rushed towards Babel at the same time as a huge photoelectron gun was fired from Babel's glass ball.

When the two energies collided, the entire command became bright as day, and the world was filled with the sound of burning.

Crude's Titan, with a hole in one shoulder, swayed as if it would fall at any moment.

"Kruk! Damn it!"

-Babel test launch completed. Firing operation.

From Babel's port, ignoring the power of just before, photoelectron guns were fired in all directions.

Literally map weapons.

It was firepower enough to turn the entire command into ashes in less than a minute.

"Damn it! There's nothing I can do!"

Sane ran towards Babel and tried the last resort.

As he plugged in the equalizing of Ilwolgwangryun into Babel's system, woo woo woo woo! His head vibrated and his mind was distorted as if he was dreaming.

'What is this...'

A system so arrogant and complex that even he, who had trained his mind countless times, fell into the swamp of oblivion.

In the center of those countless circuits, a blue beam of light pierced through.

* * *

"Haa, haa."

Only the guide's breathing sounded in the frozen silence of Niflheim.

Even he who had contracted with the frost spirit could not bear it for a few more hours as it was.

It was only natural that even Salamander, a 2-tier monster, could no longer raise its flames.

They just didn't freeze to death, but shadows of motion were slowly narrowing down their ankles from all sides.

Gangnan barely opened his frozen mouth.

"Where is Hel? Did you take the wrong path?"

The guide answered in a dying voice.

"I just came as I learned. I don't know anything more than that..."

The guide was paying a harsh price for his greed.

It was nothing but a mirage in front of the reality that came before him to have a pile of black elixirs and become the ruler of the mainland.

"Now, no more..."

As the guide tried to spit out his will, Jullu's footsteps stopped.

The severe cold had driven her body into a terrible state, but her face was still calm.

"Gaold, there."

Under the ice where Jullu pointed her finger, a huge shadow was moving.

Small shadows flowed in from all sides and merged into a convex bell shape, rising above the ice sheet.

Is it an enemy?

Anyway, it was the first change since they killed the Reaper's flock after being greedy.

Moreover, that was exactly why Gaold patiently followed the guide here.

For a moment no one moved.

It was an extremely natural sight in Niflheim, but everything changed when the rising darkness gradually revealed its shape.

Kukukukukukukukukung!

As the ice sheet shook, Gangnan caught his balance and glared at the darkness.

Something wearing a black robe with white stripes on a 10-meter-tall body rose into the sky.

No legs were visible, and the end of the robe split into dozens of pieces and fluttered.

'This is... amazing!'

Gangnan clenched his teeth and took a combat stance.

The sun was darkening.

Chiiik!

He turned his head at the sound from below and saw Salamander's flames completely extinguished and beginning to freeze.

"Uh, uh uh?"

The guide exclaimed in surprise.

Elation rose from his toes. But by the time that elation reached his head, he had already turned into a frozen corpse.
[Translated block]


"It's an incredible magic power."

Zulu erased the corpse of the salamander and focused his mind.

What kind of spell he would cast depended on what kind of personality his opponent had.

"I am Hel, the god of death."

Gaold's eyebrows twitched.

"Wanderers of Niflheim, I will harvest your lives."

"Hehehe."

Facing an opponent who was incomparable to the Grim Reaper, Gaold walked forward confidently.

Now that the salamander was gone, he would have to ignite fire with his body.

"So, that's what it was. It wasn't a region."

The king of Niflheim, the land of death.

That was the true identity of Hel.
[Translated block]