


```text
Code Decomposition (3)

* * *

Apocalypse reset.

Numerous symbols began to pile up toward the destination of information.

A blue light raced in the empty space, drawing a three-dimensional diagram, and all the scenery came alive.

The city's information was restructured.

The destroyed landscape was unchanged except for the fact that Siroene disappeared.

The world was reborn like that, and the man who walked across the vast sea basin where the sea had dried up suddenly raised his head.

"What is it?"

His name was Gaold.

He was someone who followed his instincts and headed for the end of the world.

"It feels like I'm walking a path I've already walked."

His head was disheveled, his body was dry, and only a dirty rag covered his bare body.

"I don't care."

Gaold moved his steps again, hitting the ground with a stick he held in both hands.

To find something he didn't even know.

"Where is God? I have to kill him...."

* * *

"Siroene will never come back."

Lian felt heavy.

Siroene, whom he met in the apocalypse, was nothing but information, but that information matched exactly with Siroene in reality.

If a situation like this happened in reality, Siroene would have sacrificed himself again.

"But what's left at the end is the ultimate emptiness."

"Yeah, it's becoming an open state. Just like we feel meaningless in the apocalypse, that's what happens in reality."

As Lian's expression darkened, Miro broke the mood.

"Don't worry. It's not easy. The apocalypse is a world made with human thoughts as materials, but reality is not like that, right?"

"Siroene didn't have anything easy to do."

Miro lost his appetite at the words that hit the mark.

'He's a sharp kid from a strange place.'

If you expand the immortal function infinitely, your ego will be dismantled, and if you control it perfectly, you will leave the world by your own will.

It was estimated that Geofin was the only one who succeeded in the latter, but he had a grudge because he was Siroene.

As if to break the irrecoverable atmosphere, Arius appeared.

"You're back safely."

He was waiting at Undercoder because he was blocked in Apocalypse.

"Well, if I'm not safe, who would be safe?"

Arius nodded as if it was a reasonable thing to say and asked.

"Did you solve the problem well?"

Miro turned his head and Fermi took out a contract for depreciation of trade.

"I got a signature for now."

It was a forged signature, but it was possible because it was 100% recovered Siroene information.

Arius carefully examined the contract and put it in his arms.

"I'll keep it from now on. You have to steal it to take it to reality."

To make a forged signature effective in reality, you have to make it an object by avoiding Dreamo's censorship.

According to Dreamo's rules, it is clear fraud, but it was Arius' specialty as a grave robber.

"Can you do it?"

"No problem. I've dug up more than that and sold it to Teraje."

"Well, you did. Then shall we go?"

Miro's party climbed up Undercoder in reverse and arrived at Dreamo.

The moment they were caught by Dreamer for fraud, they could be trapped in Dreamland forever, but Arius used his past experience to proceed with the work quickly.

"I want to get out of my dream."

At Dreamo's exit, Arius calmly lied.

The dreamer looked at them with an eye-catching look, but soon answered with a friendly expression.

"Did you have good dreams? Go well."

Even Marsha, the leader of the thieves' group, had her heart pounding when she passed by Mongin's side.

The party that came up to the surface psychology stepped out of the door installed by Arius.

The sensation of flesh faded faintly, and bright light swallowed them aggressively.

"Kerak! Kerak!"

The first person to wake up from his dream was Lian.

As he got up with sudden pain, those who were lying next to him also opened their eyes one by one.
```
[Translated block]


"Krrrrr!"

"Rian, are you okay?"

Marsha looked around Rian with a surprised expression.

He had bled so much while sleeping that the carpet was stained red.

"He got hit hard by the underground weapon. He was also slashed by a sword."

Rian fought against the huge pain with a deep breath.

The sensation in the apocalypse was real, but once he woke up from the dream, it was clear that it was just a transmission of information.

Arius, who controlled the dream, released the armlock and approached him.

"The seizure was severe. If it wasn't for your regeneration ability, you would have been dead by now."

Anyway, he wouldn't die, so Miro looked at the most important thing first.

"Let's check it out. Can you do it?"

Rian also endured the pain and looked at Fermi.

"I have to try. Hoo!"

Fermi took a deep breath and cast a spell.

The contract of depreciation was implemented and everyone's eyes focused on the signature line.

"It's here."

There was a clear signature of Arian Sirona.

"It's not over yet. Whether it really works or not......"

Fermi moistened his dry lips with his tongue and exerted his best concentration.

The deal of depreciation-Valhalla Action.

A golden sphere flashed on his palm and then materialized into a chip and popped up.

"It worked!"

Marsha opened her eyes wide and opened her mouth.

Of course, they had fought to death for this, but they didn't know if Sirona's magic would be extracted.

Fermi caught the chip without waiting for it to fall and put it on his palm.

There were red and gold patterns along the edge, and in the center there were two curved arrows drawn as if chasing each other's tails.

The only difference from normal was that there was a black line diagonally across the center of the picture.

"As expected, it gives an unusable verdict. It means you haven't paid the price yet."

"What about Sirona?"

Rian looked at Sirona, but Arman's robe was still not released and his breathing was unchanged.

"It means Sirona is still paying the debt."

Fermi agreed with Miro's words.

"Nothing has changed since it was only extracted. If you transfer it, Sirona will wake up. Maybe."

"Give it to me."

Miro reached out his hand and Fermi threw the chip and said.

"The expiration date is enough, but you never know, so it's better to transfer it quickly."

Then 190 billion gold would start to be deposited in installments.

"You don't have to worry. Tereza must have hired a grand mage by now. It'll be enough if 10 people take turns paying. You'll need him every time you transfer."

That kind of service was basic for a broker.

"Anyway, it's very sincere. Sacrificing 10 grand mages to wake up one magic school student."

"Tereza must think it's worth it."

Miro thought the same as Tereza, but he didn't reveal any more information and looked at Marsha.

"I'm going to leave right away, do you want to come with me?"

Marsha had promised to sponsor the Parrot Thieves after completing the mission, but she had no intention of going to Kashan.

"No, I trust you. Not Tereza, but you. I have to go back to the hideout first. I have a lot of things to discuss with my subordinates."

Miro respected Marsha's opinion and asked Rian this time.

"What are you going to do?"

He was willing to accept him if he said he would follow him.

He was Sirona's most reliable ally, but also because he could use his spirit in the future that he showed in the apocalypse.

Rian hesitated for a moment and asked instead of answering.

"What will happen to Sirona in the future?"

"First of all, I have to go to Kashan and hand over the chip. And then I'll take care of him for a while."

Fermi pouted his lips.

"My aunt is taking him?"

"Of course. Do you know how much time, money, and effort I spent to wake this guy up? I'll teach him a few things and then send him back to magic school. Anyway, it's better to get a magician certificate."
[Translated block]


Fermi smiled meaningfully as he realized something.

"Magician's license. It's definitely not an easy thing."

Miro also smiled back with his eyes, thinking that they were still related by blood even though they were separated.

"That's why I'm taking you."

The world situation will change rapidly, and Siro will be thrown into the storm.

'Even if you look at the Kingdom of Tormia alone, the Magic Association has changed.'

Fermi shrugged as if he didn't care.

"Try to teach hard. Anyway, Siro won't even graduate as long as I'm here."

"Hoho! That sounds fun."

Miro, who burst into a hypocritical laugh, asked Lian.

"So, what are you going to do?"

"I will leave for knight training again."

It was an unexpected remark for Marsha.

"Why? You've just met him after a long time, don't you want to see Siro wake up? You're the one who saved him."

Lian shook his head with a bitter expression.

"In this battle... I died a thousand times."

The atmosphere became solemn.

"I was able to come back alive thanks to the hallucination, but in the end I couldn't protect Siro this time either. I only fought against him. He was that strong of an enemy."

Lian remembered the sight of the lady rushing like a beast in his memory.

"On the contrary, it means that I can't win even if I die a thousand times. I want to improve myself a little more. When Siro graduates, I want to appear as a proud knight."

Miro respected Lian's determination. It was a belief worth doing so.

"Okay. Let's leave quickly since it's decided."

So the party left the Ardino family.

Miro looked back at Fermi, who was escorting him to the front gate before leaving, and nagged him as a relative.

"You should graduate this time too. Don't rot your stupid dad's heart."

"Haha! I'll think about it."

Miro looked back at Siro, who was riding on Arius.

"Well, it's not like he wants to graduate. He must have known Siro's level for sure this time."

"It's not about fighting with levels. The Valhalla action won't be released until graduation, and the rest of the magic is what. More than anything, I have this."

Fermi flicked a gold coin into the air.

"... Why did you make such an irregular form? You can tell me now, right?"

"Let's just say that there's some magic I want to buy for now."

Miro gave up on his curiosity and turned his body.

"Okay. I'll send my regards to Siro."

"The sooner you deposit, the better."

The last greeting was also typical of Fermi.

* * *

When Miro arrived in Kashan, he delivered the Valhalla action chip and explained what was estimated to be collateral for Siro.

This was the completion of the contract, and he left Kashan again and settled in a hut deep in the mountains of Tormia with Siro after giving Arius some kind of mission.

Nothing happened for two days after delivering the chip to Uorin.

Miro, who checked Siro's condition every night, decided to watch leisurely.

And so, another day passed.

-Restriction release. Acceptance of will to act.

Siro's brow twitched at the dreamy voice.

As Armand's robe dissolved into organic matter and was sucked into the shape of a magic sword, Siro's eyelids slowly opened shortly after.

"......"

He blinked slowly as he looked at the wooden roof and memories of heaven flooded into Siro's mind.

"Huh!"

Siro jumped up with his combat instinct and looked around with wide eyes.

"What is this, what is this?"

No matter how hard he looked around, it was a strange sight.

He couldn't find Aravot's spire or the terrifying archangel Piel.

'What happened? Where is this?'

He felt fear as if he had come to a distant future.

But what his body felt first as he realized reality was hunger that hurt his stomach.

Siro clenched his stomach and bent over as he heard a rumbling sound.
[Translated block]


"I'm hungry."

As his sense of smell came back, the smell of boiling grass seeped through the gap in the door.

'I need to eat something....'

He opened the door and went out, and a woman with long blue hair in a small kitchen was boiling porridge with an apron on.

It felt familiar somehow, but he couldn't tell who it was from behind.

'Who is she?'

She scooped some porridge with a ladle and tasted it slightly, then muttered with a triumphant smile.

"Hmm, I'm a genius after all. I can make even this tasteless thing taste good with my genius taste buds."

"......"

Shirone, who was staring blankly, asked.

"Excuse me, who are you? Where is this place?"

Miro, who heard Shirone's voice, turned around casually and smiled brightly.

"Oh? Did you sleep well, Shirone?"
[Translated block]