


[512] Remaining Questions (2)

The distortion that started from the fingertips spread throughout the body.

The balance of the law.

A powerful shock that could tilt the balance created by destroying the archangels and eliminating countless angels was inflicted on Satan's body.

The 180 million bows that the incarnation of Guanyin inflicted on Satan became the laws of goodness and destroyed Satan's laws.

"Ughhhhh!"

Satan's body twisted like lightning.

It felt like someone was wringing his body like laundry, and his face was engraved with an expression of horror and fear regardless of his will.

"Krrrrr..."

Shivering all over, Satan barely maintained his shape and looked down at the maze.

The incarnation of Guanyin disappeared and Miro, who was in a state of emptiness, regained consciousness and staggered.

His face was pale and he was soaked with sweat as if he had run a long distance.

"Is it over?"

Sein looked at Satan's condition with a tense expression.

Guanyin's paradise was a complete law that a human, the strongest prajna in history, could implement.

If this couldn't destroy him, no one could stop Satan.

"Krrrrr!"

Satan twisted as if fleeing from something and knocked down the structures of Jebool as he moved his steps.

"Kueeeee!"

Then he opened his eyes in surprise and spat out black things.

Black smoke poured out like a waterfall from his huge throat and dyed the ground with a murky aura.

"Kuk!"

It wasn't material, but it felt like the bones were rotting just by touching it.

"Kaak! Kaak!"

Satan, who had vomited everything in his stomach, breathed heavily and checked his condition.

"Kkkk."

He was still at the end of the sky and the ground looked far away.

"Kahaha!"

He endured it.

He, who was a perfect chaos, felt fear in front of Guanyin's incarnation, but in the end he couldn't be annihilated by 180 million laws.

"I am fear! I am evil!"

Kuaaaaaaang!

As a huge fist slammed down, Arius hugged Miro and cast a flicker spell.

But Satan no longer cared about her and destroyed heaven without hesitation and headed for the spire of Aravot.

Every time he kicked and punched, the scenery of heaven turned into ruins in chunks.

"What, what is that?"

The rebels who entered Aravot screamed and looked up at Satan.

Kuuuuuuung!

As his foot stomped down, everyone trapped inside turned into blood splatters.

"Is this... how it ends?"

The archangels who watched Guanyin's blow shockingly also felt despair in this situation.

- Ethela, you have to believe.

Except for one person.

- You have to believe, Ethela.

Ethela rushed to Satan who was turning the world upside down.

"Huuuuu!"

The world seemed to be dyed with evil all over.

- If everyone is evil, we would have been destroyed already.

Even if he couldn't help but be shaken by the power of evil.

- That one goodness is blocking a hundred evils.

The desire to be good.

The human heart that is ashamed of evil and proud of goodness.

"Huuuuk!"

Ethela shed hot tears.

As much as evil cannot rule the world, it may be difficult for this world to be filled with goodness alone, but she believed.

Humans can choose.

That someday we can all shake off the fear of chaos and rise to the realm of Jigo.

Even if it takes thousands of years, tens of thousands of years, hundreds of millions of years, if we fight, fight, and fight again.

- As long as we keep goodness until the end, evil can never rule humans. So believe me.

'I believe you, master!'

Ethela stopped in her place and clenched her fists.

Woodduck!

Broken bones pierced through the flesh and popped out, but the full emotion ignored even the pain and awakened the will of goodness.
[Translated block]


-The enlightenment that awakens the world!

'The enlightenment that awakens the world!'

It comes with a roar.

The strongest roar of the Carthage Monastery - the scream of extinction.

"Ah ...!"

As Etella opened her mouth.

Ka-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah!

A huge will of goodness rushed over Satan with a roar.

"Kra-ah-ah-ah-ah!"

Satan, who was walking towards the spire of Aravot, stretched his body like a bow and screamed.

The law of evil that had been condensed while being hit by the paradise of the maze was in a state of being broken into pieces.

As a new will of goodness poured in, his body began to break into pieces as it was in the form of fragments.

The skin turned red like lava, and parts of the body twisted and burned like ash.

"K, kkkkk!"

Realizing that he could not bear it, Satan showed his evil fangs and looked down at Etella.

"You're pretty good, human."

As if standing on firewood, hot air rose as Satan's body began to tear up into the sky.

"This is not your victory. I will not perish. Someday I will come back and dye this world with evil."

Kuo-oh-oh-oh-oh!

Satan blew himself up like burning his upper body and roared.

A huge pillar of heat ascended, and the flesh that had been decomposed into powder fluttered.

"Satan ... has perished."

Satiel, who was watching from the sky of Jebul, muttered.

The Archangel of Light, Reiel, also looked back at the spire of Aravot with a serious expression.

The huge barrier that blocked Ra's will was gone, meaning he had a chance to reset the Akashic Record.

"Let's go, Satiel. The world will be reset soon."

Once the reset is activated, the world will start again from the off state.

But most beings who don't know that the reset has happened just repeat the same process along the flow of time.

Therefore, the events that occurred before the reset will be repeated in the same way in the world after the reset.

The archangels will perish, Satan will fall to humans, and most angels will be taken by Garas.

'What event should I save?'

The two archangels flew back into the ruins of Jebul.

What they chose was to save as many angels as possible, even one person.

* * *

'Satan has perished!'

Anke Raga, who was on the top floor of Aravot's spire, opened his eyes with a flash.

The only thing that Akashic Record could not control, an existence outside of law, just disappeared.

Therefore, if he resets the world from now on, he can create a new future while maintaining Satan's extinction.

But Raga chose not to reset.

'I have to listen.'

A large pupil that popped out of torn leather shook left and right quickly.

As the pupil moved at an electric speed and drew something, something with wings of light was summoned.

It was Shirone's avatar who was paying for Valhalla Action.

Anke Raga rubbed his nerve plexus against the wall and transmitted his voice while looking at Shirone who bowed his head on his knees.

"Do you remember your promise? You promised me that you would bring me an answer by betting on humanity's extinction."

"......"

"You have the right and duty to answer Gepin's question."

"......"

Shirone still had no answer.

* * *

A thick flash struck from the sky.

Kwa-ah-ah-ah!

He who landed on the ground burning pieces of land took a horse stance. It was Uriel, the Archangel of Destruction.

He compressed his strength in his landing posture and jumped out towards the maze in the next moment.

"Woo-oh-oh-oh!"

The paradise stick rotated at a terrible speed and burned the air.

He only showed himself now because it was not a coincidence.

Satan's extinction means that Ra's will is about to be activated soon.

The world will be initialized, and Ra will conquer humanity again in some way.

'Before that ...'

The maze must be eliminated.
[Translated block]


The destruction of Satan was decided by Ethella, but it is no exaggeration to say that Miro did 90% of the role to reach the result.

As her existence or absence could determine the final victory or defeat, Uriel's judgment was that Miro had to be erased before the reset.

"Woof! Grrr!"

Arius ran towards Uriel, who was rushing in with the energy of a godless.

He looked like a loyal servant who had faith in Miro, but he had no chance to stop the archangel of destruction as a grave robber.

"Crack!"

Arius's body hit the ground with one blow of the paradise stick and bounced like rubber.

Uriel ignored him and rushed towards Miro.

She must have lost a lot of strength by striking Satan, but she was not an opponent to be careless.

Ragnarok-Pressure.

Kuuuung!

Uriel, who had hit Miro with a judicial frenzy, stopped upright.

'...Is it Miro after all?'

Was there another powerful scale mage in the human world who could stop Ragnarok's pressure?

Miro, who was pressing Uriel's forehead with her hand that had made a contract with a beast, smiled bitterly.

"It's hard to deal with you like this. There are men waiting in line right now."

"Woahhhhh!"

Uriel's body, which raised the energy of destruction, emitted light as if it would explode at any moment.

Miro's face, which lost its smile, quickly widened the distance, and Uriel, who turned into a flash of light, rushed in.

Iron Wheel-Eye Moon Wheel.

Sain controlled Uriel's power, but he could only prevent instant death.

"Huh!"

Miro's mouth spewed blood as she was tackled in the abdomen and then rolled on the floor.

"Phew, this is a bit hard."

She wiped her lips stained with blood and looked up, and saw Uriel stabbing her forehead with a paradise stick.

Sain screamed and ran.

"Uaaaaaa!"

Uriel felt her power drain and looked down.

Sain was biting her ankle with his teeth.

"Huuu! Huuuu!"

The sum of the elements controlled by the Eye Moon Wheel is always the same.

Therefore, Sain was controlling Uriel's power by reducing his spirit zone to the boundary line of his body.

"How pathetic."

Uriel shook her leg, but Sain did not fall off like a leech.

Bang!

She then stomped her foot as if annoyed, and Sain's face hit the ground as it was.

"Kuuuuu...."

His jaw still biting his leg trembled.

'You were right, Gaold. You were right.'

He didn't care about his face or dignity.

It didn't matter if he was called the strongest magician in the mental world in the Black Line.

What really mattered was protecting what he threw his whole heart into.

"Huuu!"

He had to endure.

He could do anything if he could save Miro.

'Damn it! Hurry up if you're going to do it!'

When will the reset happen?

Or maybe he was living in a world after the reset?

Even if the reset happened, he didn't know when that point was. That was the last homework left for Sain.

"There is nothing more to expect from humans."

Uriel flew up a few meters with her wings and crashed down with all her strength, and Sain's jaw broke and rolled on the floor.

"Aaaaaak!"

Uriel realized that the control of Eye Moon Wheel was gone and walked towards Miro again.

And he aimed his paradise stick at her forehead, who closed her mouth with a tired look.

"This is it, Miro. It's our victory."

"Stop it, Uriel."

He turned his head and saw Ikael, who was approaching with a terrible look on his face.

He turned his eyes back to Miro as if ignoring him and said,

"Even you can't stop me now. I will remove Miro before the reset."

"No, you're too late. Look at the sky."

Uriel lifted her head to the sky.
[Translated block]


It was not visible to human eyes yet, but a tremendous energy was plunging toward Aravot at a distance that the archangel could feel as much as he wanted.

'Is that so......'

Even if Satan disappeared, if God's punishment fell, he could not avoid annihilation called Anke.

In the end, it was a situation where there was a time limit on the reset.

Time left until heaven is destroyed.

23 seconds.
[Translated block]