


```text
[274] 1. Hostile Friendship (3)

Woorin scratched the floor where Shirone had fallen with her finger. A transparent vinyl peeled off and stuck to her hand.

"Ta-da! This is it. Look at the floor again."

When Shirone stepped on it, it felt different from when she had fallen. The marble floor felt solid and sensible. She tried to press it harder with her full weight, but it was still the same.

"Amazing, right? With this, you can take a nap on rocky ground. You can even do this. Watch."

Woorin walked to the eagle sculpture that was taller than her and covered it with vinyl. The sculpture sank as if by magic, revealing a flat floor.

She held her skirt and jumped up, landing on her butt. Her hips sank into the soft floor and bounced back.

Her action was childish, but Shirone looked at it seriously. She had no idea what was causing this phenomenon.

It was not science. Nor was it magic.

Shirone looked around gravely. She finally realized why the things in the room were not luxurious. This place was where the most expensive things in the world were gathered.

Woorin smiled mischievously and said.

"That's right. This is where I collect objets."

She had expected it, but hearing it from her mouth brought a realistic shock.

She remembered the objet of sleep that Mara Balb had owned in heaven 2.

She had shivered at its strangeness then, but the shock now was different in dimension.

'Are you saying everything here is an objet?'

Things are usually arranged according to their function, such as dishes in the kitchen, books in the library, etc. But the things here had no order or consistency in their placement.

She roughly counted and there were more than 50 items on display. It was possible because they were the Teraze family that ruled the continent.

While Shirone was lost in thought, Zion approached her. He had a Spirit magazine in his hand.

His reaction was as cynical as expected. He lifted his lips as if to mock her and shoved the magazine at her.

"You're an aspiring genius magician, right?"

Shirone didn't even want to answer.

"Of course, magic is a great power. I admit that. But you know, even that ability is nothing compared to objets. The annual salary of a third-class grand magician working at Kazra Palace is about 30 million golds. How many grand magicians can you hire if you sell one of these things?"

"What are you trying to say?"

"No matter how talented a magician you are, you're ultimately just a dog of royalty. The talent of a ruler is not determined by something like magic."

Zion held up the Spirit magazine at Shirone's eye level and dropped it. Then he stepped on it as if he didn't know anything and walked past Shirone.

"You must be happy, you can become the first prince in three days. How about it? Do you feel like you're already king?"

It was obvious that the power struggle among the nobles would intensify now that the paternity test was over. It was natural for Zion, who was at the core of power, to check Shirone's psychological state in such a situation.

"I told you, didn't I? I don't care. I'll go home as soon as the result comes out."

"Hmph, sure you will."

Zion didn't believe him.

Who in the world would refuse the throne? Even if there was such a person, it was because they hadn't tasted the sweetness of power yet.

Power guarantees all kinds of pleasures that humans crave.

Once he becomes the first prince, Shirone's mind will change no matter how virtuous he is.

"It's no use pretending to be noble. This is the palace, you know. Especially to me, that kind of trick won't work."

Zion snatched <Soft Everywhere> from Woorin and threw it on the floor.

"With this toy-like thing, you can buy your whole magic school. I'll become your teacher in an instant. Your teacher will have to crawl between my legs. But what? You're not interested in the throne? Do you think I'll believe that?"
```

I hope this translation helps you understand what's going on in this story. Do you have any questions or comments?
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone realized that Zion was a very materialistic person. He went to school not for the visible things, but for the intangible values that were contained within them.

From what he heard, <Anywhere Fluffy> was worth billions, but he dismissed it as a mere toy for kids.

The ability of the objet d'art that defied common sense could vary in value depending on how it was used.

For example, what if he hid a safe that contained the 'Essence of Spirits'?

No matter how expensive the objet d'art was, it was nothing compared to the Essence of Spirits, which only existed 17 in the world (2 fire, 3 water, 5 wind, 7 earth).

Once equipped, it could not only cast magic of the corresponding attribute, but also block 100 percent of the same attribute magic, so its value was known to exceed the budget of a small kingdom.

In the end, there were bound to be many people in the world who needed it desperately, and they would not spare any expense to get what they wanted.

The Teraze family might be able to buy it for fun, but it was only Zion's delusion that he thought the objet d'art was expensive because of his collector's desire.

"I think it would be better to give <Anywhere Fluffy> to someone else. No matter how good a book is, it's useless for someone who uses it as a pot holder."

"Haha! That's exactly the privilege of royalty. A good book? Even if it's gold, I'll use it as a pot holder."

Shirone clenched his teeth and swallowed his anger. They couldn't find any common ground even in trivial things because they were born different.

"Fine. If you're done talking, I'll go back."

There was no point in staying longer and hurting his feelings, so he headed for the door, but Uorin ran over and grabbed his sleeve.

"Wait a minute! I have something to say to Shirone too. I have something to show you. Come this way."

Shirone couldn't refuse Uorin firmly either.

First of all, she was someone he could communicate with, and she had supported him among the arrogant royals. More importantly, she was the daughter of Teraze, who had immense power.

"Quickly, quickly. Over here."

As Shirone was dragged by Uorin, Zion sneered, but his situation was not much different.

He couldn't say anything when Uorin said she had something to do and just followed his sister's back.

Uorin sat Shirone at the table and brought a small box.

It was a structure with a shabby square wooden frame and a hemispherical depression inside. In the center was a compass-like indicator with fingerprints on it, which seemed like a roulette that could be spun with a finger.

"This is an objet d'art called <Everyday Gift>. It leaves a gift once a day."

It was an easy word that even a child could understand, but Shirone felt like something essential was missing, as if there was no subject or object.

"Hehe, weird, right? Everyone is like that at first. Objet d'art are things that are outside the category of common sense, so sometimes they don't make sense when you encounter <Instructions>."

"That's right. The weirdest thing is that it leaves. Who does? It's just an object."

"<Instructions> have two meanings implied. First of all, <leaving> requires gravity. And <going> but not <coming>. So there must be a space that cannot be observed from inside or outside."

Shirone realized why the entrance of this place had a double structure.

A third place where people did not pass by from inside or outside was needed.

"<Gravity> and <no observer>. If these two conditions are met, it will give you a gift once a day. If you look closely at this roulette, you can see that it is divided into four colors?"

Shirone turned his eyes to where Uorin pointed.

It was an old object and the paint was peeling off, but the brightness was different. The areas were different in size and there were letters engraved inside. It was hard to see but it was not Torumia language.
```

How is my translation?
[Translated block]


```text
Woorin explained each of the four areas one by one.

"These letters are written in the language of the gypsies from the eastern mountain region. If translated, they mean modest gift, pleasant gift, excessive gift, and miracle. According to the radian value measurement, modest gift covers about 75 percent, pleasant gift 20 percent, excessive gift 4 percent, and miracle 1 percent of the area."

"Hmm..."

The fact that modest gift accounted for 75 percent meant that there was a high difference in the quality of gifts. He was looking forward to the excessive gift with a 4 percent chance, but he was more curious about what the miracle was.

He could only spin it once a day, so by simple calculation, he would get a miracle within 100 days. But according to the concept of probability, it could take much longer.

Shirone cautiously pointed at the indicator of the roulette.

"Do I just spin this arrow?"

"Yes. That's why I waited for you to come."

"Huh? Me?"

"Try spinning it once. I'll give you whatever gift comes out of here."

Shirone blinked his eyes at the unexpected words.

Woorin's wealth was such that he wouldn't care much about any gift, but he wasn't the type to willingly give up something that he didn't know what it was.

"Probability..."

Anyway, it was an opportunity to experience the object firsthand.

Shirone didn't have much greed for the gift either. He was just very curious about what kind of gift it would be.

Maybe that was the value of this object?

The excitement of imagining the gift.

In that sense, <Everyday Gift> was a very well-designed amusement tool that understood human psychology. Unlike other gambling, there was no failure.

"At least a modest gift is guaranteed. Then can I try it once?"

"Of course. I do it every day anyway."

Woorin readily agreed and added an explanation.

"You just have to flick the end of the indicator with your finger. According to my experiment, if it doesn't spin more than ten times, it's invalid. But you don't have to worry because you won't lose your chance for the day."

"Oh, I see."

Shirone's eyes sparkled with interest.

Why did it have to spin at least ten times? If there was no limit on the number of rotations, he could hit a miracle by gently pushing the indicator.

'It's amazing. It's an object, but it has rules like a regulation-free style.'

At that moment, a good idea came to his mind.

"Maybe we can make it hit a miracle every time."

Woorin's eyes also lit up like Shirone's.

Analyzing an object from various angles was an essential skill for an object collector. In that sense, Shirone had a lot of collector's qualities.

"That's why you're different as a magician. You mean adjusting your senses and spinning exactly 3,600 degrees?"

"Right. Or hire a professional gambler. If you feel the sensitivity of the roulette and control your strength, you can always get the same value."

"That's a good idea. But unfortunately, it's impossible. I've already tried it. It seems that when you spin the roulette, a certain random number conversion determines the position."

"Hmm, that means <Everyday Gift> is manipulating the probability? The miracle being 1 percent could also be a trick. Then it wouldn't be fair gambling?"

If it was a gambling object, at least the probability had to be fair. Otherwise, there would be no need to have an interface to test the probability in the first place.

Woorin felt a strong affinity with Shirone.

In fact, she had let several people spin the roulette besides Shirone. But most of them were more interested in the gift they would receive than fascinated by the nature of the object.

She had even left in annoyance when she saw them praying for an expensive gift in front of the roulette.

There were two things that an object collector needed, one was an interesting object and another was an audience who could appreciate its true value.
```

How is my translation? Do you have any feedback or questions?
[Translated block]
Jion sometimes got decent objects, but he had no eye for them.
[Translated block]