


```text
[533] The Last World (1)

The Abyss is a virtual world that implements the end of the future based on current information.

It was foolish to gauge the size in the garbage dump of information, but Miro and his party were confident that they would meet Siro.

No matter how chaotic the Abyss is, everyone who is human is connected to the information of the world that is most familiar to humans.

It's just that because it's the end of information, that world will be the farthest future that current information can reach.

Of course, Siro's information was also seeped into the Abyss in a state that it could 'accept most appropriately'.

The name of this world, which someone first drew, was Apocalypse.

* * *

Skyscraper of ruins.

The building exposed its steel frame like a living creature with flesh peeled off, and the car was stuck in place like a fossil with the engine turned off.

"Hamey, come on, hurry up!"

A boy and a girl who were not even ten years old appeared in the terrible ruins.

They were the last descendants of humanity who had experienced several nuclear wars and disasters of cosmic scale, called 'Children of the Sun'.

Green hair and speckled skin were their own characteristics that performed life activities through photosynthesis.

Therefore, the digestive system only needed water intake, and they did not swallow food more bitter than water even for fun.

"Thank you, brother. Wood doesn't know how relieved I am that you're following me. I'm sorry for asking you a difficult favor."

"Don't talk like an adult who hasn't even dropped your nipples yet."

Although he was only one year older, Hamey, who was just about to start 'collecting', felt young to Wood.

"Chi! You haven't dropped it yet!"

The children of the sun had nipples on their heads like fruits, and as time passed, they shrank and eventually fell off.

"I know, so let's go quickly. The time to enter the 'Tree of Life' is fixed."

Wood urged him on his way.

"You have to 'collect' now that you're eight years old. It's an important job that you can't ask slaves to do. Look at the road well today and memorize it."

"But we have to go through the 'contaminated area'."

"Don't worry. Just do as I say."

The children of the sun skillfully escaped from the dangerous terrain full of risk factors and entered the city.

"Kahaha! There it is!"

Suddenly, a sharp scream rang out.

Wood, who reflexively pressed Hamey's head down and crouched down, slightly stuck his face out beyond the corner.

'It's underground!'

Those with long arms and hair growing down to their ears were climbing up high places by stepping on building debris skillfully.

The children of the sun never admitted it, but they were also another human being living in Apocalypse.

Commonly underground.

A race with monkey-like physical abilities and human intelligence, they were those who fed through 'hunting'.

'Why did you meet here...!'

The reason why underground people are dangerous is because they use ancient weapons buried underground.

Those who are hunting now also ran around with machine guns in their hands and bombs dangling around them.

"I'll eat it! I'll eat it!"

Seven underground people who came out of the ruins like snake holes aimed at flying fish in the sky.

Some fish evolved to fly in the sky by filling lighter gas than air in their bladders as the sea dried up, and the species they were aiming for was a sky fish called Lajet.

"Shoot! Tear it apart!"

As they pulled the trigger, their long arms shook back and forth as they emptied a magazine in an instant.

Woong! Woong!

The sky fish Lajet made a strange noise and spewed jet streams from its anus.

Escaping using a jet engine was the only survival method for fish whose durability was poor due to reduced weight.

As bullets penetrated Lajet, its body shrank rapidly and fell to the ground.

"I hit it! The eyeball is mine!"

There wouldn't be much flesh, but it would be enough for seven people to barely survive a day.
```
[Translated block]


"Welcome to Silence Artificial Hibernation Corporation. You have activated the emergency wake-up protocol for capsule number 17. Please stand by while we check the vital signs of the occupant."

The capsule made a hissing sound as it opened, releasing a cloud of cold air. The blond boy inside blinked his eyes and looked around in confusion.

"Where am I? Who are you?" he asked in a language that neither Hamei nor Woodga could understand.

They stared at him with curiosity and fear, wondering what to do next.

"Is he... alive?" Hamei whispered.

"He looks alive. But he doesn't speak our language. Maybe he's from another tribe?" Woodga guessed.

They tried to communicate with gestures, but the boy seemed too disoriented and scared to respond. He shivered in his thin clothes and reached for something inside the capsule.

"What is he doing?" Hamei asked.

"I don't know. Maybe he has a weapon. Be careful!" Woodga warned.

The boy pulled out a small device that looked like a phone. He pressed a button and spoke into it.

"Hello? Is anyone there? Can you hear me? This is Noah Park, survivor of the Silence Project. I need help. Please, someone answer me!"

The device made a beep sound and displayed a message:

`No signal detected. Please try again later.`

The boy's face fell as he realized he was alone and stranded in a strange world. He looked at Hamei and Woodga with desperation and hope.

"Please, can you help me? Do you know where I am? What year is it?" he asked, hoping they would understand him somehow.

Hamei and Woodga exchanged glances, unsure of what to do. They felt sorry for the boy, but they also knew they had to hurry back to their tribe before the sun set. They had no idea what dangers lurked in this post-apocalyptic world, or what secrets the ancient capsule hid.

They decided to take the boy with them, hoping to find someone who could translate his language or explain his origin. They helped him out of the capsule and gave him some of their clothes to keep him warm. They also took his device, thinking it might be valuable or useful.

They left the capsule behind, hoping no one else would find it or tamper with it. They ran towards their tribe's territory, hoping to make it in time for the second harvest of the life tree.

Little did they know that their encounter with the boy would change their lives forever, and that they had just awakened a sleeping legend from the past...
[Translated block]


```
-System operation. Release the hibernation of the target code number 10111-111001.

-Hibernation time 2,473 years 287 days 14 hours 9 minutes 42 seconds.

The capsule, which had been silent as if lost in thought, reported the result shortly after.

-Memory power shortage. User information loss. Release hibernation.

Suddenly, the glass plate popped out with a bang.

Then, as smoke rose like a fire, Hamey grabbed Wood's arm.

"Are you really okay, oppa?"

"Don't worry. It won't explode. The same smoke came out when the hyungs woke up the ancient people before."

After the smoke cleared, the two looked inside the capsule.

Even though the whole process was over, the blond-haired boy still showed no signs of waking up.

"What should we do? Should we wake him up? Hey, hey. Open your eyes."

"Huh!"

As Wood grabbed his shoulder and shook it, the boy's eyes opened wide and he raised his upper body.

"......It's done. He really woke up."

The boy breathed heavily as if he had woken up from a nightmare, unable to blink his eyes.

Then he finally came to his senses and looked around.

'Where is this? What the hell happened?'

Many memories were lost, and he couldn't even remember who he was.

Wood, who met his eyes, said in a high-pitched voice as he had heard from his hyungs.

"What are you looking at? If you're awake, get out quickly. From now on, you're our clan's slave!"

'I can't understand what you're saying.'

The boy ignored Wood and sank back into his thoughts.

As information was combined in the most familiar form of the world of apocalypse, his memory was jumbled.

'I remember going into the hibernation device...'

On the other hand, he also had a dreamlike memory of living in a world where he could use strange abilities.

The problem was that he didn't know which one was real information.

"Hey! Hey, don't you come out?"

As Wood grabbed the boy's arm and pulled him out, Hamey grabbed his arm in fear.

"Oppa, don't do that! What if he gets angry and hurts us?"

"That's why we have to be strong. He's not a complete slave until he receives Lai's baptism."

'Wow, what power does this kid have...!'

The boy was more surprised by the strength of the human he met for the first time than by his discomfort and got out of the capsule.

Anyway, they were the ones who woke him up again.

"Ah, thank you. But where is this? No, how much time has passed?"

He wasn't very surprised to see the world of ruins because it was something that had been foretold since he decided to hibernate.

Wood hit his chest and said without understanding.

"I'm Wood. And this is Hamey. When you go to the clan later, you have to say that Hamey found you. Got it?"

'Wood. Hamey. Is that their names?'

"What's your name?"

As Wood pointed at him, the boy sank back into his thoughts.

'My name. Who am I?'

Then suddenly his head felt like it was going to explode and broken memories scratched and passed through his brain like fragments.

-The second power plant collapsed! Output is insufficient! We can't put everyone into hibernation!

-Shut up! There are still people waiting in the capsules!

-But!

-Save one more person! For humanity! We will survive to the end!

The conversation that the researchers shouted at each other reached the ears of the boy lying in the capsule.

Soon after, a golden code passed through the glass tube and his eyes shook with anxiety.

-Ha! Ha! Ha!

-Artificial hibernation system is activated. Molecular activity stops. Minus 273 degrees Celsius.

-Ah!

The memory was cut off as if cut by a knife.

"Kuk!"

The boy suffered from a flood of false information in his head and grabbed his head.

"Are you okay?"

As Wood approached worriedly, one piece of information that was closest to the truth popped into the boy's head.
```
[Translated block]
"Ro......"

"Ro?"

"Rosine. My name is Rosine. Maybe......"
[Translated block]