


[542] The Forbidden Sanctuary (2)

* * *

A metal arm popped out of the elevator ceiling.

Eunkyung's water blade started to make a clanging sound as it cut through the sheath, and then the ceiling collapsed and Shirone and Yo jumped out.

"It's not as deep as I thought."

Looking at the height, the elevator was stopped at the basement level.

"What if we break through the floor?"

It seemed dangerous to go too deep from the start, as he had seen Mucus blocking the stairs.

Suddenly, there was a crackle from the ceiling and sparks flew, and then the elevator button lit up.

"There's electricity...?"

Before he could calm his surprised heart, the elevator door opened automatically.

Following the corridor that stretched out, the ceiling lights lit up sequentially, and the monotonous scenery of the laboratory greeted them.

There was enough space for activity, although Mucus was buried here and there.

"Let's look around from here."

Shirone walked around the laboratory corridor with Yo.

There was an air pressure lock on each room, and inside the glass wall, there were countless electric iron bars stacked like blocks.

'Isolation facility. Did they do animal experiments here?'

As they entered the central control room, which was the only door open, a stale air stung their nose.

There were faint bloodstains on the wall, and Mucus had flowed down halfway along the wall, perhaps seeping in from above.

"It looks like there was a fight."

Destroyed equipment was scattered around, and there were bloodstains on the floor as well.

"It's not a fight. It's a one-sided massacre."

It was such a sight that made him feel certain.

"The fact that there's electricity means..."

Shirone pressed the administrator button in the central control room with a hopeful mind.

A humming sound was heard, and hologram monitors turned on all around, transmitting numerous 3D images.

"U-underground people...!"

Yo hardened his arms and took a combat stance, but Shirone raised his hand and stopped him.

"Don't worry. It's just an illusion."

Shirone looked at the image that appeared on the cylindrical hologram seriously.

Humans and monkeys were running side by side, but after a while, the holograms overlapped and synthesized into a creature with characteristics of underground people.

'What is this?'

Shirone manipulated the options of the hologram device, and a document appeared on the side monitor.

"Is this an ancient language? What does it say?"

Shirone read it out loud, recalling his memories from before he went east.

"Dynamic Human Project. Official government approval."

He stopped there and read only with his eyes.

He had a feeling why the Children of the Sun or the Underground People hated this place so much.

'My God...'

The contents of the document were shocking.

As a result of the nuclear war, 80 percent of humanity suffered from mutations, deformities, and biological function degradation.

Humanity, full of zealots, reached a point where they could no longer breed healthy offspring, and thus attempted the Dynamic Human Project.

It was to create humans who were much stronger than before by combining artificially cultured primates with human genes.

They thought that way they could at least survive in the ruined world.

"Judge. What does it say? The underground people are going to be punished soon?"

This place was literally a forbidden sanctuary, and Shirone couldn't find any words to explain.

"Are you okay? You look pale."

Then, behind them, Mucus silently slid down from the wall and two eyes flashed open from a mucous mass about 2 meters high.

The eyes that looked around caught Shirone and Yo, and then mucous began to flow out and escape in human form.

"So what this is..."

At that moment, Shirone sensed something in his spirit zone and quickly turned around.

"What is it!"

There was nothing there.

He widened his eyes and turned around, Yo relaxed his expression and asked.

"What's wrong?"

"I'm sure there was something..."

"Maybe you're too nervous?"

"No. The shape of mucous is different."

Even if it had risen up to the ceiling as it did when they first came here, its shape was completely different.
[Translated block]


```
But with Yo's eyesight, he couldn't confirm that much.

"Should we just leave if you're worried?"

Shirone bit her lip and pondered.

She couldn't go back to the herd as it was now that she realized what kind of place this was.

'There must be an answer here. Maybe I can regain my memory if I do well.'

Shirone, who had made a decision, said.

"Let's explore a little more."

The two people who came out of the laboratory set out to find a way down to the basement.

* * *

"The explosion sound is gone."

Miro's words accelerated Fermi.

"I'll check it out."

He quickly passed the block on his air skate and checked the corner, then sent a signal that it was safe.

Lian, who arrived late, looked up at the tall buildings and said.

"It's only badly broken here."

Marsha nodded her head.

"But you're more attentive than before? Anyway, this scenery is definitely strange."

While moving their steps while guarding each other's directions, Miro pointed to a building.

"Do you see that?"

It was a skyscraper covered with mucous.

"Someone went in there."

The fact that there was a rough road in the viscous substance that spread out like a room was clearly an artificial trace.

"Mucus is annoying. Especially this much..."

Who knows how much viscous substance is filled inside the building.

"But we have no choice but to go, right?"

Miro took the first step and the remaining three followed him.

The lobby was surprisingly clean, and only the stairs leading up were full of mucus.

"Shall we break through?"

Miro pointed to the stairs and spoke, Fermi turned around the corner and stood towards the elevator.

"They seem to have gone that way."

Marsha, who walked over there, grabbed the wall and looked down at the elevator passage.

There was a faint light in the iron box.

"Is there light? Abyss Walker?"

"That too, we'll find out when we go down."

At the same time as the four people went down the elevator passage, something fell from the ceiling of the lobby with a thud.

A human made of mucus.

It was grotesque as if his skin had been peeled off, but his facial features were clear and his eyes were bright.

It was commonly called Mucus Man.

"......"

The mucus man looking at the elevator side had mucus slowly flowing down his head, then grabbed his face like sucking water droplets and pulled him up to the ceiling.

* * *

Shirone, who came down to the 4th floor underground, took a deep breath in the clear air.

"Wow......"

Yo looked around with ecstasy in his eyes.

It was a botanical garden that could only be seen in tropical regions, and countless leaves of trees grew on the walls.

"An ecological environment underground. No, how did it last until now?"

It was impossible without maintaining a constant temperature, humidity, and light.

"Let's just go down. Anyway, this place is......"

He was reluctant to check out the 4th floor with Yo.

"There's a bigger tree over there."

But she was now taking off her shoes first and stepping forward.

As they entered a large botanical garden sealed with glass walls, numerous computer devices were operating, and a huge tree stood in the center.

Shirone, who followed behind late, could guess his expression just by looking at Yo's back standing blankly.

"Huh? Huh?"

What stood in front of Yo's eyes was smaller than what he had seen outside, but it was definitely a life tree.

Fetuses with cut nipples hung from branches, and a wide glass tank containing roots was filled with mucus from mucus.

"How can this... We are..."

As Yo muttered, the mucus in the glass tank rose up and pulled the fetus.

As the nipple broke off and fell into the mucus, Yo screamed with a pale face at the sight.

"Kyaah
[Translated block]


"Chief! What's going on here! Why is there a tree of life here? The sun, ...!"

He had no way of knowing that it was Shiro, but he had a way to check.

When he pressed the option button on the control device, the hologram turned on again and the explanation continued.

'Human extinction prevention project. Government unofficial approval. Also ....'

Just like Dynamic Human, the Children of the Sun were not humans who had evolved autonomously.

The document contained shocking facts that were more than what he had seen on the first floor.

As more than 70 percent of plants and animals became extinct and resources were depleted, humanity finally realized.

Humans should no longer interfere with energy.

Human greed ruined everything!

Humanity needed a special administrator who was not swayed by desire, and thus was born the local energy circulation system Mucus.

The purpose of Mucus's existence is to digest plants and animals with mucus and generate energy necessary for the ecosystem.

But in the end, even local energy dried up and it started to destroy and expand its own territory.

The system, which judged that maintaining the ecosystem was more important than preserving a specific individual, even digested humans.

In this situation where the planet dried up, the conclusion that humanity reached was that they had to redesign the human power mechanism from scratch.

Silence Artificial Dongmyeon Co., Ltd., which was conducting a human survival project under the government's leadership, contacted the descendants of the few remaining fairy tribes and established Fairy Biomimetics.

The result was a tree of life that used solar power.

It was a belief that if there were living things that could survive with photosynthesis and water alone, humanity would not disappear even if the world was destroyed.

And now, the future they could never confirm was unfolding before Shiro's eyes.

'Mutants were manifestations of fairy traits. Obsession with human species, truly admirable. But ....'

Shiro looked around the lab with sad eyes.

'Is this really what they dreamed of in the future?'

Yoga knelt down with a thud!

"No."

Tears ran down his cheeks.

"No? Am I dreaming? We are ... are we really a race blessed by Ra?"

A long time ago, Dynamic Humans or Children of the Sun must have known about their existence here.

But it was something they should never know, and it became instinctive and eventually became a forbidden sanctuary.

"Chief! Please tell me! What are we? Are we really human?"

"That doesn't matter. It's important that you are the only race left alive in this world."

"But until now we ...!"

Then Mucus, who had been locked under the tree of life, wriggled and Mucus Man popped out.

"Dangerous!"

Shiro rolled on the floor with Yoga in his arms as Mucus flowed down from the ceiling and wallpapered the wall.

"What is that?"

Shiro turned his head holding Yoga and was appalled by Mucus Man's hideous appearance.

"High-efficiency energy ...."

As Mucus's arm stretched out like rubber and rushed in, Shiro threw himself and fired a photon cannon.

Mucus Man, whose shoulder and abdomen exploded, jumped up and mucus dripped from the ceiling and grabbed him and sucked him in.

"Oh my god!"

It wasn't over by catching what you see, but Mucus filled in the building was all enemies.

Mucus Man, who got a new body, ran around like a spider on the wall, and when Shiro attacked, he immediately soaked into mucus.

'How do you fight something like this?'

Mucus Man sprang up from the floor and swung his fist as Shiro flew to the other side.

At the same time, thick tentacles stretched out from mucus on the wall.

"Chief!"

When Yoga came to his senses late and tried to jump out, the door of the arboretum opened and a giant man passed by her side.

He blocked Shiro's front ignoring acceleration and swung his sword to cut off his tentacles.
[Translated block]


"Shirone! Are you okay?"

As the blue-haired man turned his head, Shirone had a blank expression.

Then, new memories flooded into his head and began to connect with countless other memories.

"......Lian?"

Shirone information recovery rate.

69 percent.

Do you want me to explain what this text is about?
[Translated block]