


[487] Night of Heaven (5)

"Flu?"

Crud's eyes opened wide.

Flu was a member of the Siroene team, and they were moving on a completely different line from the rebels.

How did she get here?

As Crud ran, Kanya and Lena followed him, and Babel flew like he was floating and escorted them all.

"Flu!"

When Crud arrived, she had already collapsed on the floor.

"This is..."

Flu was wearing a civilian outfit that she had obviously stolen.

But even that was torn in places and many wounds were visible.

'She was badly beaten.'

She fell from a high place, and her shoulders, thighs, and calves were all bruised.

"Cr, Crud..."

As a sound came out of Flu's mouth, Crud shouted urgently.

"I'm here. Where did you get hurt like this?"

"Shehakim..."

"Shehakim?"

Crud's face changed absurdly.

Did she run that huge distance from Molgol?

"I have something urgent to say... very urgent..."

Flu couldn't finish her words and fainted again.

Realizing that her condition was serious, Crud looked at Kanya and Lena and said.

"We have to move her. To the Nor medical room!"

Babel immediately executed the command.

Since the rebels had united, there were also competent Nor magicians waiting at the headquarters.

They filled a giant tank with water and dropped Flu into it, then cast the water magic Orhiri, and her wounds began to heal little by little.

After 3 hours, Flu, who was moved to the recovery room, had a deeper breath.

Crud, who had closed his eyes for about an hour, opened the door of the recovery room and looked at her.

'Flu...'

She was a person who had a place in one corner of Crud's heart since he first saw her.

Is there a reason for that?

No, maybe there is, but do I need to think about what it is?

She had a stubborn appearance as well as a sharp personality.

The Siroene team were all mysterious people, but among them, the most mysterious person to Crud was Flu.

There was no such thing in heaven, a human perfectly adapted to the social system created by humans. In Siroene's world, they called such people pros.

But at this moment, he couldn't feel the knife-like boundary that he felt from her.

Maybe women are beautiful when they fall asleep.

Crud's hand slowly moved toward her forehead.

He wanted to know how hot she was, but that was just his rationalization. But in the end his wish was not fulfilled by Flu's frowning forehead.

"Huh!"

Crud quickly pulled his hand back and spoke to Flu, who slowly opened his eyes.

"How are you? Are you okay?"

"Where is this?"

Flu connected his consciousness to his memory as soon as he came to his senses.

Then he quickly scanned the surroundings.

A room with a mecha feature. And in front of him was Crud looking down at him.

'I arrived. I don't remember anything after entering Matei.'

A distance that could not be reached by just superhuman mental power.

If it weren't for Algorithm's help, he would have been caught by the giant's hand and died already.

But such relief was nothing compared to the misery of chewing on it.

He failed his mission.

Her mission was to safely transport Siroene to Arabot.

He failed to play his role as a supporter, which shattered his pride as a graduate of the Royal Magic School.

He clenched his teeth and fists while shaking with regret for his failure.

Crud couldn't say anything at the sight of Flu shaking like that.

Maybe he wanted a word of thanks as someone who saved her life, but only self-blame for failure and how to make up for it were swirling in Flu's head.

Flu made a decision and got up quickly.

The wound had healed but the pain hadn't completely gone away, but he gritted his teeth and endured it.

"What's the situation? How far have you pushed it?"
[Translated block]


```text
As the story turned into a war, Crude also closed his emotions and said.

"More than half have pushed in. The remaining distance to Aravot is about 40 kilometers. But the battle from now on will be different."

Thanks to the fact that there was no activity of angels and the firepower of the rebels was stronger than expected, they were able to achieve today's performance, but it was not only because they won by the logic of power.

"Let's look at it coldly, we can see that the enemy's defensive radius was too wide. But as you approach the center of the concentric circle, the defensive range will narrow and the density of enemies will increase."

"That's probably true. Can you break through?"

"In my opinion... impossible. The advance distance is the same, but the density of enemies will jump at least 3 times or more. There will never be a situation where you can break through like yesterday."

Crude said honestly.

This was also the reason why he could not give Kanya and Lena hope for life.

"Hmm, that's true."

"It's not something you can buy time for. The moment the heaven's interception system Aegis is restored, fire will burst from the walls on all sides. Instant destruction. That's the strategy I think of."

Plu turned his head, realizing that Crude's words had bones.

"Do you have a plan?"

"I'm going to focus the rebels on Jebul. It's about destroying the walls of heaven with Titan and densifying them. And from there, enter Aravot."

Jebul is a powerful city of angels, but there is currently no activity of angels.

It was a strategy that felt a bit like gambling, but if the rebels had any chance of winning, it was definitely the only way.

"But didn't you say you had something to tell me?"

He heard it clearly just before losing consciousness.

But Plu was still silent, lost in thought.

'Mr. Sein is...'

Before leaving for heaven from hell, Plu received two special orders from Sein.

One is to move Terminator to Aravot.

And this mission must be prioritized in any situation.

Sein also gave Plu one more mission.

"If Shirone arrives safely in Aravot, or if some variable occurs and you fail to transport or leave the team, go find the rebel commander."

"Mr. Crude?"

"You have to tell him about God's punishment. Maybe if the second situation happens, the outcome of the war will depend on Shirone's hands. It would be better to use it as much as possible, but by then it wouldn't matter if you told him."

It was a judgment that was both calculating and human-like Sein.

Once God's punishment is activated, there is no way to stop it.

Heaven will be destroyed and an explosion will occur in a huge radius.

If the rebels are concentrated near Aravot, they too will not be able to escape death.

Nevertheless, the reason why he kept hiding it until now was his terribly selfish mind to succeed in this project.

Plu was not afraid.

He performs his mission even if he receives any criticism.

And knowing her personality, Sein entrusted Plu with the role of villain.

"I have something to tell you before broadcasting the operation."

Plu spilled everything without hesitation.

Shirone's magic will destroy heaven, and that magic will be cast no later than noon tomorrow.

The success or failure cannot be guaranteed, but it was information that the rebels had to risk their lives for.

Crude's face turned pale when he heard the truth.

Aravot, which was once a land of victory, quickly turned into a land of death.

You die if you advance, and you die if you retreat.

They were exploited.

Hundreds of thousands of rebels put their names on life and death because of a few people who came from a land country.

"So from the beginning... You lied to us."

Regardless of his true intentions, he would lose if he lost his momentum, so Plu did not blink an eye.

"As Mr. Chairman said, it wouldn't be a bad suggestion for the rebels either. Anyway, didn't you risk your life to win the war? Then...."

"How can you say that now!"

Crude threw away his usual calmness and yelled.
```
[Translated block]


"Do you think it's the same to sacrifice your life for your beliefs and to die at the hands of others! Then what did we fight for?"

Flu closed his mouth.

There was no way to refute it. It was such a plan from the beginning.

"What do you want me to do now? Should I tell the other members? There's nothing but death waiting for us if we go to Arabot! Even at this moment, the members are so terrified that they can't even sleep! How do you expect me to talk to them!"

"That is......"

Flu clenched his teeth.

He desperately regained his composure and glared at Crud.

"It's none of my business."

Crud's eyes flashed with killing intent.

Even as he glared at him as if to kill him, Flu was brazenly confident.

"Damn it! Fuck
[Translated block]