


[236] 4. Combat Simulation (6)

'How did this happen? Is fragrance magic useless in real combat?'

Pandora shook her head.

Fragrance mages were not many in number, but once they got their license, they received favorable treatment in the mage society. That was because smell was invisible, affected everyone in the area, and had unique effects.

But to the students who didn't know the true value of fragrance magic, it felt like nothing.

Pandora looked around at her competitors.

Boyle was doing a textbook training as a model student, and Shirone's group was hunting as they pleased as troublemakers.

The odd ones were Dante's group.

Even though the 2000th level was opened, they were sitting outside and watching other students hunt.

"Hmph, what's this? Are they on a different level? How arrogant."

Dante took Pandora's gaze indifferently and nodded to Closer and Sabina who were sitting behind him.

"Hey, guys, that girl is looking at us?"

"Heh, she must be jealous. I like her taste, but her skills are crap. Don't they teach her how to fight with fragrance?"

"They probably told her to learn her major in the graduation class. Anyway, it's annoying. That hick girl is glaring at us, right? Should we go and smash her?"

Closer looked at Dante and said.

"Is it okay, Dante? Can we show them a little demonstration?"

"Go ahead. Teach them what the 2000th level is."

Only then did Closer and Sabina put on their bracelets. The virtual scenery was a wide grassland. As they entered, the students who had already taken their spots stopped their training and looked back.

They had heard stories through magazines, but it was their first time seeing Dante's group's skills with their own eyes.

Sabina raised her head arrogantly and said.

"You guys, this is not how you do the 2000th level. If you want to practice for real combat, you have to do at least this much. Mr. Sade, please give us the 17th package."

Sade was sitting in a corner killing time and yawned as he sent information to the core.

The 17th package was quite noisy. But there was no real danger since the sync rate was low.

A thunderous sound rang out as dozens of monsters appeared from land, sea and air.

Golems rose from the ground and wolves and skeletons ran down the hill. The ghoul that only ate corpses attacked with its long beak like a spear.

The scene looked like a battlefield and the students held their breath. It was an overwhelming mass attack that made it impossible to think of any strategy.

"Huhu, this is where it gets fun."

Sabina bent her waist and cast a magic. A cold wind circled around her body and then she disappeared from people's sight.

Sade's eyes, which were half-closed, sharpened.

'Huh? Haste?'

It was an air-based major magic that used the power of wind to accelerate one's movement.

The wolves that chased after Sabina swung their claws but she had already gone behind them and sprayed wind cutter.

Meanwhile, the golem didn't even notice that Sabina had moved and approached Closer who was in his sight.

"Heh, let's show them why we are stars."

The golem's fist struck Closer's head. It was made of dirt but it weighed nearly a ton, so it was not something that a physically weak mage could withstand. But the judgment was blocked.

'Earthrise? That's also a major course.'

A magic that raised the power of earth to increase one's durability. It had a drawback that the caster couldn't move, but it had a powerful defense that no other attribute could imitate.

'So that's why. They are stars of the kingdom. Was their secret passive skill?'

If active magic focused on phenomena, passive magic focused on concepts inherent in attributes.

Wind was fast and earth was hard. The magic derived from there were haste and earthrise.

They had an advantage that the effects lasted even after casting magic, so they could be used with other active magic at the same time.
[Translated block]


```text
One of the typical passive skills of a magician is teleportation.

It may look like an active skill, but in reality, it was nothing more than transforming the magician into a state of light.

How to move in a state of light was entirely a matter of sensation, and that's why Shirone had to roll on the ground for a month when she learned teleportation.

"Ho ho ho! Slow! Slow!"

"Kuku! This one is too weak!"

The process of Sabina inflicting a fatal wound and Closer crushing it with the power of the earth was repeated.

The number of monsters decreased noticeably in an instant.

Since they had learned the magic that was dealt with in the graduation class, it was possible to clear the package of the advanced class in no time.

Sade rubbed his forehead and shook his head.

"What on earth are they doing with passive skills? Is that the way of the Royal Magic School?"

Shiina approached and said.

"It must be a reflection of the academic style of the capital that values individuality."

"Individuality is good, but what about diversity? You have to experience various magic to know your aptitude and talent. You can practice passive skills enough with teleportation, but I don't know what's so urgent."

"That's efficient in fact. Active skills have the weakness that you can't cast two magic at the same time. Except for Irukia Double Spirit Zone, of course. Look at Sabina, who is throwing wind cutters while casting haste. She's getting much better results than other students. Canis and Arin, who learned from Arcane, are also dealing with passive skills."

"But Shiina-sensei, at our school..."

"Don't misunderstand. I'm not in favor of Bashuka's way. I just want to know why students across the country are crazy about them."

Shiina pushed up her glasses and pointed to a corner of Ichonbeon.

"Anyway... there are students who get the same results with active skills."

Sade looked back at Shirone's party. They were dealing with package 7, which consisted of a golem squad.

Lightning bolts, atomic bombs, and photon cannons were hitting them, but there were some clumsy scenes due to the nature of active skills, but they looked proud to match each other.

More than anything, it was good that they didn't take it seriously.

If you look at them rolling around while panting, you might wonder if realism and school are really compatible.

"Ugh, I'm tired. Let's stop now."

As soon as Nade's words ended, the corpse of the golem that was smashed rose up and began to stand up.

Etela, who opened package 7 and avoided her seat, was still not back.

Of course Etela was an excellent teacher. But she was definitely a machine freak.

What does she mean by leaving her seat after turning on the reset function?

"Let's take off the bracelet. That's the only way. Etela-sensei is too much."

"Wait a minute. I thought of something I want to try."

Shirone's words made Nade and Iruki move aside. They were curious how Shirone would deal with it. To digest one package alone, it seemed like she had to sweep it with a laser or fire photon cannons.

But their expectations were wrong.

Shirone lifted a sphere of light and golden chains spewed out like water from there.

It was Shining Chain that she acquired from heaven.

The students' eyes focused on Shirone at the appearance of unheard-of magic.

Dante couldn't help but be interested this time.

Shirone tied up the leading golem with Shining Chain. It was enough to crush a clay golem in one breath with its tension that even burned Tabu, but she couldn't kill them all like that.

The golem tied to the chain rose into the air and swung quickly like a whip, smashing other golems into the ground.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

No matter how big they were, their essence was clay. When they were hit by the same weight, the golems couldn't even use their strength and collapsed into the ground.

The students watched the scene with their mouths open.

"What kind of magic is that? How can you learn such magic?"

"It must be possible because of Immortal Function. It's really amazing."
```

Did I translate it well? Do you have any questions or requests?
[Translated block]


```text
Closer and Savina, who had their spotlight stolen by Shirone's party, were furious.

They showed off all kinds of tricks to clear the 17th package, but everyone's attention was elsewhere.

Even Dante was looking at Shirone.

To be honest, it was shocking as a fellow light mage. The attribute of photon was hard to combine, but shaping was absolutely impossible.

'Does he have some kind of talent?'

As the 2000th package became noisy, Etella ran over in a hurry.

Nade crossed his arms and rolled his eyes.

"Teacher......"

"Oh, I'm sorry. Did you wait long? Do you want me to do another package for you?"

Etella fumbled with her master bracelet.

Shirone felt relieved by her appearance, but he couldn't hate her for not being able to do something that even he admired.

"Just turn it off, please."

He felt like throwing up just hearing the sound of the golem getting up.

Shirone's party, exhausted as they could be, drooped their shoulders and left the 2000th package.

Dante was waiting at the exit.

"Fractal?"

Shirone nodded after a moment of thought.

"That's right. It's impossible to make complex shapes with photon shaping."

"I see. That's a good idea. Impressive, huh?"

"Haha, thanks."

"But you're wrong. Your method has a serious drawback."

Nade frowned.

Shirone had overcome many difficulties so far. His ability had evolved through repeated battles. There was no way he had a weakness.

"I admit that he's an unlocker, but the problem is that he has no other choice. He doesn't seem to have mastered passive skills yet, so his balance is off."

Iruki retorted.

"He has attack magic, defense magic, continuous damage magic, and binding magic. What balance is off?"

"You might think so if you only look at his tendencies. But they're all expensive magics. I don't know how much combat experience you have, but you can't fight for an hour with that. Am I wrong?"

Shirone blinked at the unexpected words. He had never fought for more than an hour.

Iruki didn't know that either, but he thought it was just a difference in tendencies.

It wasn't because carnivores couldn't run longer than herbivores. If they could exert powerful force in a short time, stamina was a secondary issue.

"What does that matter? Attack is much better than defense. Five minutes, ten minutes, not an hour. Most magic battles end within that time."

"Of course you can think that way, but.... Well, it's too late to change anything now. I'm just giving my opinion. By the way, the longest time I've ever fought in a bloody battle was 10 hours and 27 minutes."

It was a shocking statement for Shirone, who was close to a sprinter.

10 hours and 27 minutes of bloody battle. It was definitely an unknown territory that he had never experienced before.

"So don't rush too much. There's more than just short-distance races in the world of magic."

He left a meaningful remark and walked away from Dante.

@

The image zone class was leisurely.

A month ago, it was a real battle to gauge the level of the advanced class, but hitting targets was much more boring than hunting monsters.

The students of Class Four were not as eager to raise their scores as before.

Etella gathered the students and nagged them reluctantly.

"Everyone, if you don't practice four-way shooting, you won't be able to improve your skills. You have to polish your basics to get better at hunting."

"Isn't that a good thing? They've adapted to the advanced education of the Royal Magic School."

"Dante also is now officially a student of Alpheus Magic School. Please refrain from making remarks that incite regional sentiment."

Etella made an unusually aggressive remark, but it didn't have much effect.

The students still looked bored and hoped that the 2000th package class would come back soon.

But Shirone was different. The field that made him burn lately was not the 2000th package, but lifting.
```

Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]


"I realized that the secret to reducing the time of ataraxia might be hidden in lifting."

Ataraxia is a term that means a state of calmness and tranquility. Lifting is a cosmetic procedure that tightens the skin and muscles of the face or body. I hope this helps you. Do you have any other requests for me? 😊
[Translated block]