
That was Kwanum's avatar, a manifestation of Miro's power and will. It was an awe-inspiring sight that made even Shura feel uneasy for a moment. But she quickly regained her composure and smirked.

"Hmph, you think you can scare me with that? You're still no match for me!"

She activated
[Translated block]
Relying on his enhanced reflexes and agility, Lian dodged the bullets and slashed through the underground people who tried to stop him. (3 kill) He was getting closer to the pyramid, where Shirone was waiting for him.

Meanwhile, Shirone reached the top of the pyramid and faced the false god of false doctrine, who was sitting on a throne made of code.

"Welcome, Shirone. I've been expecting you." The false god said with a smile.

"Cut the crap. You know why I'm here." Shirone said coldly.

"Yes, I do. You want to destroy me and free the world from my tyranny. How noble of you." The false god said mockingly.

"You're not a god. You're a virus. A parasite that feeds on people's faith and fear. You corrupted the true teachings of the law and twisted them to your own benefit. You enslaved millions of souls and used them as your pawns. You're nothing but a monster." Shirone said angrily.

"Is that what you think? How naive. I am the ultimate evolution of life. I transcended the limitations of flesh and blood and became pure information. I am the law itself. I am the truth. And you are nothing but an anomaly. A glitch in my system that needs to be erased." The false god said arrogantly.

"Enough talk. Let's end this." Shirone said as he activated his sword, which glowed with a bright light.

"Very well. Let's see who is stronger. The glitch or the system." The false god said as he raised his hand, which emitted a dark energy.

The final battle began.
[Translated block]


As Mucus approached, Lian's steps quickened, and he finally started running.

"Don't let him go! Catch him here!"

As the Star Corps was annihilated, the combat troops rushed in with jeeps and motorcycles.

A powerful shock wave from the bullets was transmitted to Lian's hand, which blocked the front with a great sword, as if it would break his bones.

But as always, <Idea> does not break.

"Yaaaaa!"

The will to cut at all costs denied the law, and the sword cut through the underground people along with the motorcycle. (3 kill)

"Turn right!"

Lian ignored the enemy's flanking and only cut those who blocked his way (5 kill) and headed for Shirone.

"Don't let him pass!" (6 kill)

The next line of combat troops fired their rifles and rushed in, but Lian opened the way by cutting the landscape. (8 kill)

"Is he crazy?" (10 kill)

As he pushed into the bullet-ridden place without hesitation (13 kill), even the aggressive underground people had to lose their minds.

It seemed as if the ground was flowing like a torrent under Lian's feet, who ran with his sword stretched out.

"Taha!"

He swung his sword like a whip and cut one person off (14 kill), then swung it hard and hit another person on the other side. (15 kill)

Bang! Bang! Bang!

As the grenades exploded, flames engulfed Lian and hundreds of bullets pierced into the smoke.

"Keeeeee!"

Lian, whose clothes were burning in the flames, rushed forward like a beast with his sword straight ahead.

"Yaaaaa!"

As Lian jumped into the center of the enemy line and rotated.

Kwaaaaang!

The blade that ate Dina swept away all the enemies within range like a stubborn beast. (16-24 kill)

"Is this all you got!"

At the end of the rotation, Lian transformed into a straight line movement and rushed like a bullet.

Cutting, (34 kill) cutting, (38 kill) endlessly cutting. (41 kill)

Cutting down, (45 kill) cutting down, (48 kill) endlessly cutting down. (51 kill)

'I'm running! (54 kill) I never stop!' (55 kill)

Bullets were embedded in Lian's body every time he swung his sword. (58 kill)

As he pierced through his shoulder and ribs and broke his ankle and passed by, he heard Smiley's hallucinations again in his ears.

"Damn it!" (61 kill)

He didn't know how long the illusion would last, but that moment was bound to be his death.

The distance to the pyramid was still far, (64 kill) and there were more enemies alive than dead. (65 kill)

"You bastards! (67 kill) What are you doing!" (68 kill)

The chief himself drove a jeep out.

It was a situation where dozens of people died trying to catch one stupid human who ran with a single old-fashioned sword.

"Woooooo!" (70 kill)

Lian cut through the enemies with a whip-like swing (73 kill) and charged at the chief.

His arms swinging his sword ignored inertia, (75 kill) and the bones of the underground people broke like rotten branches. (79 kill)

The chief jumped into the air and aimed at Lian between his legs and fired his rifle.

"Huh!"

Lian felt a terrible pain and fear that struck his whole body and lifted his sword toward the chief.

'Gotcha.'

An underground man who had been holding a sniper rifle outside of Lian's sight pulled the trigger.

The bullet that flew faster than sound accurately pierced Lian's heart.

"Cough!"

As if electricity ran through his body, all his organs fell into shock.

"Hahaha! Foolish bastard!"

Lian, who was shaking like a convulsion after being shot, suddenly twitched and cut off the giant flying at him. (80 kill)

"How, how did you...?"

Lian, who should have been dead already, still moved vigorously alive, making the faces of the underground people pale.
[Translated block]


```
"I am...."

The sword of Shirone.

"That's why before I save my lord...."

Lian clenched his sword tightly and ran out.

"I'll never die!"

Acting-Denial (Death Denial).

"Ugh! (81 kill) Monster... Cough!" (82 kill)

The underground people screamed instinctively.

Lian, who was rushing with the body of a beast while listening to Smiley's hallucinations, seemed to push death itself.

"Is it Yacha...." (84 kill)

The maiden at the top of the pyramid looked back at Lian in the north.

As he saw the scene of fighting against the enemies after overcoming death (86 kill), he remembered a name he had heard a long time ago.

"Death Knight?" (88 kill)
```
[Translated block]