


```
Singularity (4)

As he was evacuating people around the capital, Rian sensed a change.

At some point, the number of demons began to decrease, and now they were nowhere to be seen.

"What's going on?"

"It's a temporary truce."

An old man with a cane walked out of the alley.

He had a small stature, prominent cheekbones, and wrinkles on his thin skin that clung to his facial bones.

His hands, which held the cane, were trembling as if he would die tomorrow, but Rian kept his distance.

"Who are you?"

He was a demon, and his magic was one of the best in the battle so far.

"My name is Gaitan."

Gaitan, the 10th legion commander of the hell army.

He was known as the ruler of all kinds of dirty bugs in the abyss and the underworld.

"A legion commander."

"Well, yes."

Gaitan leaned on his cane and looked over the sky.

"It seems that your lord has made a deal with another legion commander. For a while, the demons won't attack."

Rian lowered his sword.

"What do you want to say?"

"I heard that you cut down the abyssal tree Argentis. So I have something to ask you."

Gaitan turned his gaze to Rian.

"What do you think is at the end of the world?"

"I don't know."

Rian always lives in the present.

"A demon is like an error in the system, unlike life. I don't know why we need something like us. Maybe we weren't created by necessity."

"If you hurt anything other than yourself, you have no value to exist."

Gaitan curled his lips.

"I'm thinking of opening the abyss."

"If you open the abyss, you won't be able to return to yourself. Death is not scary. What's really scary is emptiness. But humans don't seem to know that well."

"Are you threatening me?"

Gaitan shook his head.

"No, this is more like a request. I heard that your swordsmanship cuts even the meaning of existence."

It transforms information itself.

"Won't you cut my abyss? I have absorbed all the wisdom of this world. So I have no fear. The only thing left is the unknown beyond emptiness."

Rian's hand holding the sword tightened.

'It's dangerous.'

It was best to cut him before he opened the abyss.

"I said it was a request, but you can't refuse it. Yes, this is also my wisdom."

As soon as he finished speaking, Rian twisted his waist and swung his sword.

Gaitan's neck fell off in one stroke, and then the buildings behind him were cut off with a loud noise.

Gaitan's face fell to the ground and rolled over, then turned upside down and said.

"What is there that...

Gaitan's eyes were filled with white.

"Who traps us in this illusion?"

Abyss, Palaphinas.

Gaitan's face quickly corroded and turned into a cluster of black dots.

Then his body also turned black as if it was burning and dissolved into smoke, expanding to hundreds of meters in radius.

"Kuk!"

It wasn't smoke.

Whing! Whing! Whing! Whing!

They looked like flies, but they stuck to Rian's body and sucked blood with suction power like a snake bite.

"Aaaaaah!"

He opened his sight along the trajectory of his sword, but there were already countless bugs covering the capital.

"Damn it!"

It was another form of annoyance than Argentis.

? * ?

'Ogent Gai.'

There was a ripple in Siroene's mind as well, as he was Rian's older brother.

But when he met him before, he had already lost his sanity to madness, so he didn't take off his cold eyes.

"What? Did you two have a fight?"

Gai laughed as he saw the strange sight of Siroene and the legion commander together.

"I heard you have authority over hell."
[Translated block]


Guy looked back at Melania.

"Hmm."

He didn't know the situation.

But he found what he had to do from her silent face with an indifferent expression.

"Yeah, I have it. So what?"

"Call the hell."

"Why should I?"

Shirone clenched his teeth.

"You know too. A human fell into hell. We have to save her."

Shirone, who expected a bit of humanity from Lian's brother, appealed to his emotions.

"She's the woman who sealed the soul power. You've heard of it. But isn't she the wrong person to ask? Why should I release the enemy who weakened our power?"

"You're also... human."

Shirone's eyes burned fiercely.

"Why are you on the side of the demons? Lian is still fighting to save humans! Why are you...

"Shut up."

Guy cut him off.

"Is that all you can do, appealing to family love? Lian is pitiful to have someone like you as his master."

"He could die."

Finally, his killing intent was released.

"Puhahaha! Of course he could die. It's a war. Fine, I'll teach you a way. If you kill me, or if you can drive me to death...

Guy pointed his sword at Shirone.

"Hell will appear."

'Lian, I'm sorry.'

Shirone closed his eyes.

'Maybe I'll hurt your brother.'

At the same time as his thought ended, dozens of photon cannons were fired at Guy.

Kwarrrrrrrrr!

The room was messed up in an instant, and Shirone teleported and flew out of the castle.

Guy, who had already thrown his body into the air, drew his sword and spread his arms.

"You have some learning ability."

It was a good decision to attack first against a swordsman.

"But you're a bit weak!"

He didn't see Shirone's battle directly, but he knew the number of demons who died by his appearance.

'200 million in one night. It's not a level that can be done with this much magic.' A woman sacrificed herself for the world.

The price was to spend eternity in hell, which was the same as nothing at the end of time.

'He must be angry.'

He also guessed that the key to saving her was with him.

'But this kind of clumsy attack?' Even though he was angry enough to give up the realm he had built up so far, he couldn't kill him because...

'He's a good guy.'

Because he was Lian's brother.

"Hehe."

There was enough reason for Lian to swear allegiance to Shirone, and that made him angry.

"Stupid bastards!"

As Guy fell to the ground, he twisted his upper body and swung a powerful sword.

'This is...!'

A flash of light that tore through the landscape pushed Shirone's eyes wide open.

Kwaaaaaaang!

The spire of the castle flew away, and Melania, who was holding her position, flew into the air.

"Is it starting?"

A streak of light that twisted like a torrent chased Guy at a terrifying speed.

"Kahaha! You're surprised!"

When Guy landed on the ground and swung his sword at an incredible speed, the atmosphere swayed.

'It's Lian's technique.'

As the sword's aura tried to hit his neck, Shirone's body disappeared as the space distorted.

"Spatial movement?"

A flash of light that tore through the vast sky made a net.

"It's a good idea but...

If he hadn't given up Yahweh's realm, he would have manipulated time through incarnation.

"That's it."

As the ground where he stood exploded, Guy moved at a terrifying speed.

It was enough to catch up with the wide range of spatial movement in an instant and a fierce shock wave hit him.

Kururururururu!

Melania, who watched the buildings in the capital collapse from the sky, looked puzzled.

"Why are they doing that?"

The photon cannon didn't have enough power to blow up a block even if it hit one.
[Translated block]


"You don't want to kill me, do you?"

Melania, who had reached that conclusion, shed tears with a sad face.

"Look at this."

Hadn't he already killed 200 million demons?

"You always hate us."

"Hahaha! Is that all?"

As Guy raised his sword, a shockwave that rose like a mountain struck Siroene.

"Kuuuu!"

Siroene, who defended with fury, jumped 500 meters with spatial movement and arrived.

"You're too slow!"

Guy was already in front of him.

'Pull yourself together.'

To summon hell, he had to make Guy at least in a near-death state.

'I have no choice!'

The photon cannon, which contained the propulsion of sub-light speed, vibrated terribly on Siroene's palm.

As the flash left Siroene's hand, Guy felt for the first time that time was slowing down.

Can I avoid it......?'

A huge explosion occurred due to the friction of the particles, and Siroene closed his eyes tightly.

In the last scene before closing his eyes, the explosion clearly swallowed Guy's body.

Something that couldn't happen if hell was activated.

"Kukuku."

As laughter was heard from the mist, Siroene opened his eyes and looked around.

Guy, whose armor was torn apart, approached with a smile of madness.

"Could it be……

Watching his severed left arm gradually regenerate, a thought crossed Siroene's mind.

"Yeah, you can't kill me like this. But can you do it?

It would be quite difficult."

He knew about Idaea's realm from Lian.

"I don't want to kill you."

Siroene's expression changed.

"I made a mistake."

Hundreds of spheres rose around Siroene and prepared to pop out.

As Guy's face turned pale at the same time, the photon cannons all popped out and hit him.

Peeeeeeer!

As the entire center radius of the waterway collapsed, Melania's eyes tightened with force.

"Yeah! That's it!" After pouring out as much as he had no strength to get angry anymore, Seung-gi leaned back on the demons again.

"Kahaha! It won't work!"

Even as the ground collapsed, Guy kept restoring information and pushed Siroene back.

Finally his sword pierced Siroene's vital point.

"Kuek!"

The sensation of a cold blade piercing his body and spouting out was not very pleasant.

"It's a pity."

He wasn't particularly happy to beat a half-mage who lost his ability to prajna.

"It would have been a good match if it was an avatar technique."

Then he felt the weight of Siroene disappear through the blade.

"Huh?"

As Guy looked down, the area around the vital point pierced by the sword turned into white light.

'What is this?'

He hastily looked at Siroene's eyes again, but his pupils were already gone, and his whole body turned into light.

"Kuk!"

He pulled out his sword and backed away, but there was not a single feeling of being caught from Siroene's flesh.

'What happened……

Guy's head turned pale and his head rose high into the sky.

"What is that?"

A giant avatar looked down at Guy.

Nane said.

"One cannot destroy what has a mind. That is why love is the opposite of emptiness."

Shura was listening.

"On the contrary, what can be destroyed has no mind. Then what is Buddha?

The one who realizes emptiness by stepping on love. The one who destroys what he loves most is Buddha."

That would be true emptiness.

"Then Siroene is……

"He must be walking the opposite path from me. But none of them are easy."

Nane smiled sadly.

"How can one love after realizing vanity?"

That would be true love.
[Translated block]