


[368] Special Training (3)

The real training began.

The practice focused on the buckshot movement, and during the break, he studied the battery of laser guidance technology.

Thanks to Isabel's tutoring for an hour a day, I was also getting a rough idea of radio waves.

Flu, who came back after finishing his work, evaluated the day's achievements.

But there was no sign of a pass from her picky mouth.

"Slow. Again."

Siroene clenched her teeth and cast a buckshot movement. Every time she did, Flu stood in front of Siroene and grabbed her shoulders with both hands.

I hoped it was a fluke, but there seemed to be no mistake for a pro magician.

'How do you find me? No, can humans really react?'

It wasn't that Siroene was immature, but her sense of empathy was too sensitive.

Anyway, there was no room for complaint in being taught by an outstanding magician, and so the days piled up.

"Ugh!"

A dull sound burst and Siroene rolled on the floor. Her back stretched like a bow and her face twisted in pain.

He missed the landing point of teleportation because he was too nervous about photon output.

Flu looked down at Siroene lying at his feet and said.

"Again."

A brilliant flash of light burst like fireworks in the center of the training ground.

The photon output scattered in seven directions and Siroene arrived safely at her destination. I couldn't even see Flu's face, which I had seen sickeningly.

'I did it! This time it worked!'

He clearly couldn't track the buckshot movement. As expected, Flu did not move from his original position.

She closed her eyes and drew her index finger across.

"Again."

Siroene asked with a gasping face.

"Why? The force was perfect and you couldn't catch me."

"Look where you're standing."

Siroene looked around her feet. The direction was right and there was nothing unusual.

"What about here?"

"You only moved about 8 meters at a glance. You don't use teleportation compulsions 10 meters without using them?"

"Oh……."

How could this happen? I made a mistake in the basics of the basics.

"Listen up. Teleportation compulsions should never waver in any situation. In real life, hundreds of turns pass in an instant and you have to get out of complex terrain. If your compulsion wavers, you die that moment. That's why high-ranking magicians don't change their compulsions unless they're serious during combat."

"Yes, I'm sorry."

Flu put his hand on his waist and snorted at his dejected answer.

"It means you've become technically proficient when your basics weaken. But don't be complacent at times like this. All applications ultimately come from solid basics."

Siroene clenched her fists and engraved her words in her heart.

Basic, basic is everything.

The next day.

Siroene finally succeeded in buckshot movement.

Flu couldn't move and the direction was accurate. And the distance of teleportation was also perfect at 10 meters.

"Ah... I finally succeeded."

He was so tense that he couldn't even feel the joy of success properly.

But Flu still didn't smile. Rather, he approached with a colder look as if it was just beginning.

"Now. Let's do it for real. Your own buckshot movement."

Siroene immediately corrected his expression as he understood Flu's meaning.

Buckshot movement is a good magic in itself, but the reason why he chose this among countless magic books is because it can be transformed into an attack magic.

'Don't be nervous. It's just changing photon output to photon cannon.'

It took three weeks to spend on buckshot movement so far. If you fail here, it will take another few days, and then you will have no time to learn laser guidance magic, which is an advanced course.

"Let's start. I'll take it myself."

Flu's eyes were completely different from when he evaluated buckshot movement.

Photon cannon is a perfect attack magic unlike photon output. And it was also a final evaluation that meant he had to do his best.
[Translated block]


```text
Siroene took a deep breath and timed it. He broke the tempo of his opponent by casting teleportation at 0.5 seconds, assuming one second later.

His body shone and photon cannons popped out in all directions, and at the same time Flue moved.

Siroene arrived in the west. Therefore, what flew to Flue, who arrived in the south, was a photon cannon.

As soon as Flue felt the photon cannon through the spirit zone, her head tilted involuntarily.

The photon cannon that passed by in front of her eyes hit the wall and the training ground rang with a thud.

"Uh, how about that? Do you think this will work in real life?"

"......"

Flue recalled the situation a little while ago.

The pressure to receive the photon cannon was much stronger than expected. The subject of pressure was the fast speed that distinguished it from other magic.

Sub-light speed is a standard created to define light speed implemented by magic.

It is not used in physics, but it is a speed that cannot be distinguished from light by the eyes of living things.

If you shoot an arrow with a luminescent body attached at night, it will look like a flash.

But the photon cannon I experienced was much faster than expected. Rather, it was close to the speed of a bullet fired from a gun. It means that he matched the ratio of mass and output properly.

A lump larger than a magic bullet is pushed at bullet speed. Therefore, from the standpoint of receiving it, it stiffens.

The existing shotgun movement is at best a bang even if it fails to capture the opponent, but this was a bang.

"Pass. This is enough to work in real life."

Life finally returned to Siroene's face.

"Phew, I'm glad. It's worth three weeks of hard work. Thank you so much!"

There is nothing more joyful than learning new magic from a magician, so Flue, who understood Siroene's feelings, erased her picky expression and smiled.

"Do you want to keep this feeling? Can I practice more?"

"Of course. Remembering the feeling when you succeed is important. But don't overdo it."

From then on, Siroene practiced shotgun movement until he got tired.

After two hours, he was able to move to any of the eight directions without any error in the power of the photon cannon.

"Ouch, my back."

Flue, who had been watching Siroene's training, tapped her back that had been twisted while avoiding the photon cannon.

It would have been different if he had avoided it with muscle strength, but he moved with manipulation magic, so there was no way he could not get hurt.

'Once you get it, you master intermediate level in 2 hours. Talent is definitely talent.'

According to what I read in academic journals, Siroene's specialty was insight. A magician with an extreme tendency to dig into the core rather than trivial skills.

Perhaps that's why Gaold expected him.

"Hoo."

Siroene looked up at the ceiling with a sweaty face after finishing his training.

A state of unity derived from a sense of accomplishment is a miraculous section that can increase skills in a short time.

Magicians call this fever.

"Are you done?"

Siroene had a satisfied face.

"Yes. I think I got used to it."

"We're going to start with laser guidance technology tomorrow. But before that, there's something we need to go over."

The joy of success disappeared from Siroene's eyes.

I have to listen to anything.

He had naturally learned their way of thinking while living with professional magicians at the association.

"I've been watching for three weeks and I feel like your balance is really messed up."

"Huh? Balance?"

Flue spun her finger and roughly described Siroene's spirit zone.

"The biggest problem is that your spirit zone is too big. It feels like it's over 80 meters in diameter."

"Is that a problem?"

"The outcome depends on small parts in real life. It's important to balance density, volume, specific gravity, and durability. You're kind of over-faced. If your opponent has 100 durability, 100 power is enough. But you unconsciously pour out 120 or 130."

The spirit zone is an embodiment of the mind, so lies don't work. When I looked back on all the battles so far, I felt like it was true.
```
[Translated block]


"It's still the same. When I overlap with your spirit zone, the tension stabs me. I always wondered about that. Unless I've been fighting monsters all this time."

Shirone couldn't deny it.

Looking back on the year he had learned magic, he hadn't fought many equal opponents. At least by his standards, all his enemies were monsters.

When Shirone was silent, Flue realized it. It made sense that his spirit zone had entered a show-off state like a wounded beast if he had grown through such battles.

"Anyway, that state is not good. I'll help you find the golden balance."

Flue went to the wall and turned on the image zone switch.

As Shirone's spirit zone became visible in a bluish light, he turned off the lights in the training room to increase the clarity.

Shirone just stared at his beautifully glowing spirit zone.

At that moment, Flue hugged him from behind and pressed his body tightly.

"Uh, excuse me..."

"Stay still."

Flue calmly cut off Shirone's words with a lowered voice.

He then spread his spirit zone and Shirone's spirit zone was clearly conveyed through empathy.

'He's still pretty tense. He's almost at the level of a magician on the battlefield.'

Flue closed his eyes and concentrated, then gave Shirone instructions.

"Now, close your eyes and take a deep breath. You're going to shrink your spirit zone until you're in the most comfortable state."

Shirone relaxed his body and loosened his tension.

The spirit zone, which had been inflated like a balloon, gradually shrank and he felt lighter in his head.

"Good... keep going..."

As he shrank his spirit zone further, the tension he had never felt before began to reveal its substance.

"Yeah... just a little more..."

Flue felt Shirone with all his nerves.

"More. More... That's right. Yeah, good."

Flue's voice disappeared at that point.

Shirone found himself bowing his head and enjoying an infinitely cozy feeling. It was warm and peaceful as if he had entered his mother's arms.

Flue's eyelids slowly rose as if he had woken up from sleep.

"...Is it done?"

"Yes, it's good."

Flue let go of Shirone's waist and slowly backed away, then went to the image zone device with muted footsteps.

He looked at the instrument panel and it was 62.8 meters in diameter.

When the light came on, Shirone also opened his eyes. He felt refreshed as if he had slept a long time.

"Remember this feeling. The size, shape, sensation, density, everything. Everything contained in a sphere with a diameter of 62.8 meters is your current golden balance."

Flue understood what he meant. The density had increased and he felt sharper and more durable.

More than anything, the flow of thought was smooth like water.

"It's really comfortable. But 62.8 meters isn't much bigger than a year ago. Is that okay?"

"Yeah, that's fine enough. You don't need too big a spirit zone unless you're a sniper. How often do you fight enemies from distances you can't even see? You can double your range with just four-way magic."

"That's true, but..."

"Trust me. If you're a seeker-type joiner, you need a spirit zone diameter of at least one kilometer. Communication magicians have to send information to places tens of kilometers away with an out-of-body spirit zone. But there are also combat magicians whose spirit zone diameter is only 10 meters. They just focus on density and durability."

It meant that the mental state that could maximize the efficiency of magic was important.

"Don't be fooled by numbers. They make your mind rigid. Of course, it's necessary for combat magicians to gauge their opponent's abilities by numbers. But imagining the outcome beforehand is dangerous. There is no absolute advantage or disadvantage for any trait. The criteria of advantage and disadvantage vary depending on the opponent, and the outcome depends on how well your style can cope with various situations."
[Translated block]


Shirone nodded as if determined.

"Yes, I'll keep that in mind."
[Translated block]