
[389] Battle-ready stance (2)

'What is this feeling?'

Even after the song ended, Shirone couldn't calm her pounding heart and stayed in her seat.

"Hey, Shirone!"

Maya, who noticed her belatedly, greeted her with a bright smile.

"Come in. What are you doing here?"

"I was going to wash up. I heard the music and came to see."

Shirone showed her toothbrush to get out of the suspicion of peeking.

Whether she did or not, Maya moved her hips from the piano chair and offered her a seat.

"Sit here. There's no chair. Oh, unless you're busy..."

She thought that Shirone, who was fighting with the strongest of the graduating class, wouldn't have time to chat leisurely.

"No, it's okay. I didn't have anywhere to go anyway."

The piano chair was small and Maya was a bit chubby. Their arms touched and unfamiliarity was conveyed through their skin. Her skin was soft and a little cold.

Shirone, who was awkward, spoke first.

"Ahaha, why didn't you tell me you could sing so well? I don't know much about music, but you seem to be much better than a pro."

Sadness flickered in Maya's eyes and Shirone realized her mistake. It was inevitable that there would be a story behind it if she had such great skills but wasn't a pro.

"Oh, sorry. If you had some kind of wound..."

Maya shook her head with a smile. She really couldn't stand Shirone's seriousness. That's why she was more troubled.

'It's been like that from the beginning.'

On the day of the presentation of the Supernatural Psychics Research Club, Maya saw Shirone giving a speech on the roof for the first time.

Proving something invisible.

She convinced all the students at the time. It was shocking to her. She was the brightest star in the school.

"Do you want me to sing...?"

"Yeah. I want to hear it."

As Maya put her hand on the keyboard and started singing, Shirone immediately fell into her music.

She thought it was just sound. But her voice had the power to move people's hearts.

'Ah... I see.'

She forgot about the graduation of magic school, the situation of the tribe, and the poverty of her family, and sang only for the happiness of the listener.

At this moment, she was not a magician.

Maya was an artist.

The heavenly song ended and the postlude flowed. She couldn't even breathe until the sound disappeared silently.

A moan escaped from her trembling lips
[Translated block]


```
"Pisho, what are the challenges?"

"I will challenge three items. Fission, gigantism, and mutation. The difficulty levels are 5, 6, and 5 respectively."

Pisho, the oldest graduate student at twenty-five.

He didn't stand out in the evaluation, but his insect magic fascinated Siro every time he saw it.

"Pisho raised one level each from last week. It's only been eight weeks, but he's already in the intermediate level, right?"

"He's twenty-five years old. He must have honed his major for at least five years more than others. He'll probably pass easily this time too."

"At this point, Siro, there's something you need to know."

Nade said with a serious look.

"That guy Pisho, he's the president of the Ant Language Research Society."

"Ant Language Research Society? There's such a thing?"

"It's a research society that operates underground like us. They want to analyze the pheromone language of ants and find the queen ant. Maybe they want to make a diplomatic agreement or something."

Siro thought for a moment and asked.

"But why do I need to know that?"

"Idiot! If they make a treaty with the queen ant, they'll attack the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society. It's not a matter of capturing a few ants. All the ants under the queen become enemies!"

Siro tried to say something, but eventually turned his head without saying anything.

Iruki continued.

"Insect is a maniacal field among majors. It's better for us to see it when we can."

"Is it similar to summoning magic?"

"No. Simulation perfectly mimics a specific target to the point of being close to reality. Of course, insects are possible, but you can't implement hundreds of species of insects that way."

"Then how does Pisho do it?"

Iruki referred to the explanation he had heard from his father.

"The core battery of the insect line is Egg. A differentiation function concentrator that can evolve into various forms. It induces natural occurrence with the theory of 'ecosystem in the head', but this is really crazy hard. You have to calculate everything from occurrence to evolution and mutation."

"Hmm, that sounds really hard."

"That's why there are a lot of scholars in the insect line. But once you become a magician, you get treated really well. Pisho is still in the graduation class at twenty-five, but it's not a loss even if he graduates now."

As Pisho signaled that he was ready, the evaluation teacher presented the challenge.

"First, fission. Level 5 is three hundred."

Pisho tuned his battery with the theory of ecosystem in his head. As he set up the food chain and predators, Egg began to split into the most suitable number of individuals for survival.

"Grasshopper."

A swarm of three hundred locusts flew up from Pisho's feet and flew like black particles covering the clouds.

The teacher wrote down three hundred and twelve on the record sheet. It was not difficult to count the number of insects through empathy.

"Pass level 5 and get 1 point. Next is gigantism."

Pisho closed his eyes and concentrated again.

It took about five minutes to increase the oxygen saturation and adjust the surrounding environment to split Egg.

An ant as big as a person was born and moved its antennae around to explore its surroundings.

Not only girls but also boys made faces as if they were disgusted. That's why Pisho was an outcast.

"Surface area 2.02 square meters. Gigantism passed. Get 1 point. Next, mutation."

This time it took 20 minutes to build a battery. The result was shocking.

A hornet with a ladybug's protective coloration crawled on the floor. As its jaw opened like a sickle, it shot out venom.

"Morphological change 1 type. Functional change 1 type. Pass."

"Thank you."

It was an amazing demonstration and a shocking spectacle, but the students just hoped they would never see it again.

That's how Pisho's specialty enhancement ended and Maya walked out next.

Nade made a horn with his hand and shouted.

"Maya, fighting!"

Maya smiled slightly and scratched her cheek without any reaction and entered the evaluation hall.
```
[Translated block]
Wow, that's a very interesting story. It sounds like there is a lot of drama and competition among the students. How do you feel about the characters? Do you like any of them?
[Translated block]
1,123 presses.

It was a figure that easily surpassed 1,000 presses, which was the master difficulty level.
[Translated block]