


[489] New variable (2)

Six hours before Shirone entered Arabot.

Ethela arrived at the deep forest in the first thousand Shamaen, following Sein's order.

'He's late. If he doesn't come...'

Gaold asked the leader of Yamaeng, Frankwine, to get him one thing, and in return, Yamaeng was allowed to freely enter and exit the second army headquarters where Reysis was the commander.

The thing that Gaold wanted to get through Yamaeng was an ancient artifact called a disk.

The space-time of the maze disappeared, and the coordinates also changed.

The existing meta-gate became useless, and that's why Gaold planned to extract new coordinates from the Akashic Records.

The whole is perfect even if the part changes.

Therefore, new and accurate coordinates must have been recorded in the Akashic Records as the space-time of the maze disappeared.

The disk was an artifact of Gepin that could extract those coordinates and enter them into a new meta-gate.

There were no traces of Gepin left in heaven after Gepin's annihilation.

But some of the artifacts that were used in his ruins were still scattered throughout hell.

'If I can't get the disk, I'll have to stay trapped in heaven until the humans intervene.'

Ethela had also hunted a lot in hell, so she knew how difficult the mission was.

That's why Gaold made the offer because they were Yamaeng, the best organization in the hell community.

If they can't do it, no one can.

"I was wondering who came to greet me, but you sent such a beauty. He sure knows how to do business. I'm talking about Gaold."

Frankwine's voice came from deep in the forest.

When Ethela turned her head, the bush opened like a door and Frankwine and Meatgun came side by side.

She was pressed for time, so Ethela got to the point.

"Did you get the item?"

Meatgun took out a palm-sized square stone plate from his pocket and held it out.

There was no way to verify its authenticity, but there was henna engraved on the stone plate and it emitted a faint red light.

'I've already got everything I need at this point. There's no reason to trade with a fake. I have to get this to Jebul quickly.'

By now, Armin, Shiina, Kuan and his party must have been heading for Inglish of Jebul.

Delivering the disk there was Ethela's mission ordered by Sein.

"Thank you. Thanks to you, things..."

As she approached Meatgun, Ethela stopped abruptly.

An ominous aura penetrated her heart and made her chest sink.

Frankwine's fist cut through Ethela's jawbone and passed by with a sound of strong wind.

Leaving behind an afterimage, Ethela bent her waist and retreated without even finding her balance.

"What is this..."

As soon as she looked at Frankwine's face, Ethela sensed it.

"Who are you?"

"Kuku, well. Who am I?"

Frankwine's temperament was different from before.

Of course, she had felt from the first meeting that he was closer to evil than good.

But this time it wasn't just that.

It was so biased that it felt rather bland, a clean evil aura emanated from him.

'How can a human...?'

The moment she saw a small dot wandering around one of Frankwine's pupils, Ethela took a combat stance.

A fly.

A fly was circling Frankwine's pupil as if trapped in a glass ball.

"You weren't human."

"Kuku, take it as an honor. I chose you as my signal for resurrection."

With a bang, the ground exploded and Frankwine's body rushed towards Ethela.

'Schema?'

A different physical ability.

The people of Yamaeng came from a different place than Shirone's world and their way of using power was also different.

If Meatgun distorted three fields of time, space, and mind to activate special abilities, Frankwine was classified as a warrior who only enhanced physical abilities.
[Translated block]


She was direct but only aimed for the vital points, so Ethella couldn't find a chance to counterattack and was busy defending.

The Yin-Yang Wave Fist contained all the essence of destruction in the final blow, but the techniques leading up to it were crushed by Frankwine's momentum.

As he retreated down the mountain trail, Frankwine closed the distance and approached him.

Ethella crossed her arms and raised her guard.

At the same time, Frankwine grabbed her wrists and opened them wide, pushing his face forward.

She shivered when she saw his wickedly torn mouth and the fly stuck to one of his pupils.

"Kukuku, what should I do with our pretty one?"

Ethella frowned her thin eyebrows and swung her shin, hitting Frankwine's crotch.

Something sounded like it was being crushed, and Frankwine's eyebrows twitched
[Translated block]


It seemed likely that he had stopped breathing, seeing that he was not moving at all, but Frankwine had to finish as instructed.

"Don't resent. Everyone dies."

Mitegun, who sat next to Ethella, pulled out a dagger from his chest and aimed at her slender neck.

"That's how life is."

The moment he stabbed the dagger vertically with all his might, Ethella's two hands grabbed his wrists from left and right as she sprang up.

* * *

The fifth thousand Matei.

The rebels were fiercely advancing through the city of giants, which was enough to make their legs tremble just by looking at it.

Cruud, who boarded Titan No. 1, destroyed the wall with ten flash guns while receiving cover from numerous Guroi troops.

It was impossible to enter Aravot by narrowing the encirclement.

Somehow, the key was to create a detour and gather the rebels, and the giant troops who realized that fact were more violently slaughtering the rebels than before.

The giants who were currently fighting with the rebels were powerful warriors who reached the fourth stage of Ilhwa's alcohol, a whopping 15 meters tall.

Even Guroi, which belonged to large equipment, was nothing but a dwarf in front of the giant's physique, and their iron swords tore the steel plate like a paper clip.

'It's hard to break through. I can't go any deeper.'

Cruud made a decision and started to advance toward the wall by turning Titan sharply sideways.

"Make way here! All forces follow me!"

The troops who received the radio communication formed a huge torrent and began to advance toward the wall.

"Damn it! Damn it!"

Cruud clenched his teeth.

The reason why the rebels threw everything at his command and fought was to win.

To go home by winning.

But Cruud couldn't give them a future.

The closer he approached Aravot, what came was the end of tens of thousands of lives and the infinite possibilities they carried.

"Pluuuuuuuuuu!"

Unable to bear the raging anger, Cruud called her name.

Magician? Cold reason?

He was angry with himself for giving her his heart for a while, fascinated by such things.

She was a witch.

A witch without blood or tears.

Did Cruud know?

In the world where Plu lived, long ago, magicians were called witches.

"I will not forgive you! When this war is over...!"

He was not afraid of death.

But no matter what death came, then her life had to be together.

A spectacle of a huge mechanical army flowing into Jebool through a collapsed wall unfolded.

The sixth thousand Jebool.

There was no sign of angels wandering around Jebool, which made the name of the city of angels pale.

At the end of the gate leading to Aravot, Metiel and Satiel were looking at the battlefield side by side in midair.

The wall collapsed and the rebels poured in, but there was no force in Jebool to stop them now.

Absence of angels.

It was the biggest factor that made the war that they thought would be easily settled drag on.

The two beautiful archangels with blond hair down did not look at each other's faces.

Their concepts were strong and weak forces.

Their original concepts condensed into nuclear power were so huge that they formed the basis of all matter in the universe.

So they were two and one.

Unlike Kariel and Uriel, who are birth and destruction, their relationship was always bad because their nature was different.

"Insolent humans..."

Satiel's face twisted.

Metiel's personality wasn't very good either, but Satiel was much more ferocious and cruel.

"I don't understand. Why did you ban angel activity? If we lose in this war, we may have to obey humans."

"It seems to have something to do with Ikael. He banned angel activity, but I don't know why he suddenly restored her. And Ikael has a deep connection with Shirone."

"Hmph, Shirone? What's so scary about Nephilim?"
[Translated block]


```
Metiel's eyes settled calmly.

Satyel was like her twin sister who had been with her since birth.

That's why she knew exactly when she started to become cruel beyond her cold personality.

"Are you not jealous?"

Satyel, who turned her head to Metiel for the first time, shook her eyes with a murderous intent.

"What?"

"Don't waver. It's over. What Geofin chose was not you, but Ikael...."

Kwaaaaaaang!

Satyel's judicial light wheel spread out with a fierce sound.

"Say it again. I'll annihilate you right now."

There was no trace of the archangel's holiness in her expression, which widened her eyes.
```
[Translated block]