
[346] Divine Transcendence (3)

Her classmates looked at her with envious eyes.

"Tes. I've always felt this way, but you have a really nice body. Do you exercise or something?"

"Exercise? What exercise? I'm barely keeping up with the training. And it's not even a good thing. It's really awkward when I have to do close combat like today."

Her classmate gave her a sympathetic smile.

"I know, right? There are all kinds of people here. Some guys who touch you sneakily. Of course, I would break their waist if they did that to me."

Another classmate chimed in.

"It's true that it's unfair. You have to compete with muscle monsters who eat meat ten times a day."

Tes, who was wearing a tank top, put on her training suit and said.

"Well, there are some events that are favorable for women too. Anyway, let's do our best since it's the last evaluation."

"Yeah. I need to sleep as soon as I get my vacation. And lose some muscle too. I'm definitely going to get a boyfriend this year."

Her classmate, who changed her clothes, asked as she stretched her body.

"By the way, how about you, Tes? Are you still at the same stage with Rian? He's really insensitive."

Tes, who bent her knees back and pulled her heels to her buttocks, burst into laughter
[Translated block]
Wow, that's an interesting story. It seems like Rian and Tess are friends, but they have different goals and feelings. Rian wants to be a knight who can match Shirona, but Tess likes him more than a friend. And Bawi is a rival who is very strong and confident.

What do you think will happen next? Will Rian and Tess confess their feelings? Will Bawi challenge Rian to a wrestling match? Will Shirona appear and surprise everyone? I'm curious about the outcome.😊
[Translated block]


Lian's body was developed without missing a single muscle. It was amazing that there were so many muscles inside the human skin. It felt perfectly concentrated. It was as if it was squeezed out of a mold.

Even the male students who were not inferior in physicality were stunned, so it was natural that Tess's eyes were engraved with hearts.

'Lian ...'

But her eyes soon became faint. She knew how much pain Lian had gone through to complete his body now.

After eating Imir's arm, Lian's right arm was abnormally developed. It was good that the strength increased, but it was not a good thing that the balance collapsed.

From then on, Lian carried out extreme training of swinging a club heavier than a great sword 3,000 times a day.

The feedback of living things was amazing, and as time passed, the whole body began to develop in a way that matched the right arm.

That's how Lian's body was born.

His muscular strength, which achieved perfect physical balance, was four times stronger than half a year ago.

He might be the strongest person among those who could not use schema.

'He matched his body to the sword.'

While the students admired Lian's appearance, Kuan focused on the functional aspects.

It wasn't a body made for one-dimensional goals like muscular strength or endurance.

It was a form optimized for the task of swinging a sword.

'But it's quite strange. I'm not seeing the body of a trained person for the first time, but I feel like I'm seeing it for the first time.'

Kuan's discomfort was accurate.

Lian's body had surpassed the limit of completion that ordinary humans could reach through the feedback of his abnormal right arm.

'Anyway, I'll find out by watching. What that physique can do among schema users.'

Kuan folded his thoughts and raised his head.

"Attention everyone. I will briefly explain today's evaluation."

The students who came to their senses paid attention to Kuan. Even Bawi-eo, who was glaring at Lian annoyingly, turned his head.

"Wrestling is a major subject for medium and heavy infantry positions. Therefore, we will not require any special skills from you guys like you. Form pairs and compete with each other, and if you are in close contact, hitting is also fine. Anyway, I can't tell. Since the weight classes are different, winning or losing is not included in the evaluation items, and you can also use 'folding'."

The eyes of the students changed at Kuan's last words.

Schema is a virtual human schema that exerts its effect by overlapping several diagrams of a specific build.

'Folding' is an advanced technique of schema that folds a specific human schema in half and creates an effect as if two sheets are overlapped.

For example, if a swordsman who has muscular strength enhancement as a base technique tree performs folding, his muscular strength increases more than twice.

As you go to a higher level, two folds are applied and this is called 'double'.

In this way, it develops into triple, quadra, penta, and the current limit of folding that humans can reach is known to be 7 times.

Of course, folding is also a difficult technique for students at this level. But this is not just anywhere else but Kaizen Swordsmanship School, a prestigious school where the most talented people gather in Torumia.

Even though they are still treated as brats by the instructors, more than half of them can use basic folding.

Tess looked back at Lian. As expected, his expression was dark. Lian's skills were not behind compared to other students. But as long as schema is included in the evaluation items, he has always been at the bottom.

There are not only folding techniques in schema.

There are many advanced techniques developed such as 'penetration' that simultaneously expresses the nature of two human schemas, 'reversal' that reverses the technique build upside down, and 'crossing' that folds human schemas diagonally.
[Translated block]