


```text
[385] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (7)

Alpheus smiled bitterly.

"Maybe the vastness of the universe is just the size of dust to the outside beings. Then what meaning do we have in this universe? That terrifying truth is what Gonggeop wants to convey. Shirone took the first step into that truth."

The two were silent for a long time. They knew that the scenes that came to their minds were not different.

"How close was that child to the truth?"

Nineteen years ago, for the first time in school history, a survivor of level 7 passed.

He was an Unrocker who transcended the essence of humanity, knowing the truth of Scale.

"Adrias Miro. When I built the school, I hoped that one genius would surpass me. But when I saw Miro, what I felt was fear. Maybe he was a human who shouldn't have been born into the world."

Alpheus was also a genius recognized by the kingdom in his youth, but Miro was different.

He was a student who sparkled with such strangeness and eccentricity that he could not express everything with the word genius.

"Not long after taking the survival test, there were 20 trials. I can't guarantee that it didn't affect him. Everyone wants to be a genius, but it must have been a curse for Miro."

Olivia's eyes settled calmly.

"He will... resent me?"

"It was a difficult problem. We all survived with Miro's sacrifice. And after 19 years, Shirone stands here."

That's why he was anxious.

History does not repeat itself just because some parts are similar, but 20 trials were the original sin of humanity that should never happen again.

"Don't overreact. 'Holy War' doesn't move just because you broke through Gonggeop. At that time, Miro was already a complete Scale magician. He would have been at the world's best level even if he had been released into society as he was."

"I guess so. But in the end, the level leads to the realm."

The limit is not yet visible. Then there was no guarantee that what he feared would not happen.

Shirone, who smiled at his friends' compliments, resembled Miro's clear appearance 19 years ago.

'Miro put the lives of all humanity in his bowl. Shirone, what will you put in that huge bowl?'

The last holiday of week 4, survival evaluation ended.

One-man team (1)

Week 5 mental activity evaluation.

Mental activity that evaluates the shape change of Spirit Zone is joined by 'Joint', a four-way advanced technique from week 5, and the difficulty level has increased significantly.

As much as it is an element opposite to endurance and confrontation point, Shirone also concentrated on his mind while doing sequential exercises unlike other days.

Of course, Shirone is quick and rational in changing his thoughts.

But if he thought of it as an event that evaluates human-like tendencies, he would be likely to get hit hard.

The mental fluidity of magicians specialized in mental activity is unparalleled.

For them, belief is that there is no belief.

They had no hesitation in harmonizing with others, even monsters.

"Arian Shirone. Next."

At the teacher's call, Shirone entered Image Zone.

The evaluation standard of Spirit Zone was 20 meters in diameter. The floor became transparent and a spherical spirit appeared around Shirone.

The signal sounded and the first question was given.

It was an 8-shaped filter with two circles attached vertically.

Creating a symmetrical Spirit Zone by 'jointing' a specific section of the spirit was the difficulty level of week 5.

'What? It's pretty hard.'

When I watched other people's evaluations, I thought there would be some time left, but it was a misjudgment when I actually experienced it.

Shirone tried his best to put a joint on Spirit Zone. Meanwhile, the filter was coming closer without mercy.

10 meters. 5 meters.

As the distance narrowed, his heart pounded thumpingly.

At the moment when he left only 1 meter behind, the center of Spirit Zone tightened strongly and the filter passed by Shirone.
```
[Translated block]


```
The green light of passing was on in front of me.

'Phew, that was really dangerous.'

The following problems were in the shape of an 8, tilted at various angles.

Unlike the first time, Shirone comfortably operated his spirit zone and passed through the filter.

He had another weapon, his outstanding insight, which lowered his mental fluidity. Once he grasped the core, he had a genius level of application that no one could follow.

Shirone passed all ten problems and scored 5 points, but his face coming down from the image zone was not bright.

It was the fifth week, but there was not a single student who scored 4 points yet.

The students' level was high, but it was also because mental activity was an item that could be learned by training.

Class Two had already taken the 30th week evaluation once, so they should have mastered the difficulty of the fifth week.

But that fact was not comforting. It was because there were amazing talents in Class Three as well.

"Next up, Arin. Come up to the image zone."

The students who were chatting became quiet.

It was not common in society to see the demonstration of a magician who had both a mental weapon and a weapon called Chogyung.

The light of the image zone dimmed, and Arin's spirit zone became visible with a blue light.

Among the five patterns prepared for the fifth week, the filter in the shape of an 8 that Shirone had caught appeared again.

But Arin did not take any action.

Even when the filter approached within 5 meters, he just looked at it.

"What's wrong with him? Why is he like that?"

The moment the filter came close to his nose, Arin's spirit zone swayed like water and quickly tightened in the center.

"Wow..."

There was an exclamation from the class. Even Shirone, who knew Arin's skills well, opened his mouth wide.

'That's ridiculous. How can a human's mind change like that?'

To Arin, the world was full of feelings only.

All kinds of human desires that emit a stale desire.

If his thoughts were not as free as water, he would have gone crazy already buried in anger, lust, and hostility toward him.

That's why Arcane also rated him as the best talent in the mental system.

The demonstration close to magic ended and a figure of 99.9 percent filter volume rate appeared on the instrument panel.

It meant that he had shaped the form suggested by the image zone without a word of error.

'It's not easy after all, graduation class.'

That's how all the students' evaluations ended.

As expected, there was not much discrimination until the fifth week, and almost everyone scored 5 points, and only Aider got two wrong.

This year's first 4-point scorer for mental activity. Shirone felt that disgrace was not someone else's business.

'He seems to have a similar tendency to me.'

Aider showed off his strong endurance by going up to level 5 Chungwang in survival evaluation at a young age. He could be seen as having a similar tendency to Shirone.

The difference was that Shirone had insight that he did not have.

'But he's still young. If he trains for another year or two, maybe he'll be able to graduate?'

Aider came down from the image zone with a sullen face. Then he looked at Shirone and smiled pitifully.

"Wow, it's really hard."

"It's a shame. It would have been nice if you had done the joint a little faster."

Aider sighed.

"If it was that easy, I would have done it sooner. I'm not a complete genius like you."

There was room for him to say that he was a decent genius. And he was actually not a bad person either.

"What are you talking about? You're the youngest student in graduation class. That's proof that you're shoulder to shoulder with us. And mental activity is an item that increases your skill level depending on your training."

"Honestly, until last year I thought so too. But when I saw Class Three this time, I lost that thought. Arin sister is like that too, everyone is amazing."

Shirone also thought that Class Three's squad was comparable to any prestigious school in the kingdom.
```

Possible continuation:
[Translated block]


```text
"Besides, my major is also an air line. In fact, it's the most common. There is also a saying that people who have no talent choose it."

The affinity of attributes is closely related to omnipotence. But there is nothing absolute in any case.

"No, it's not. There are so many strong people in the air line. Sabina is strong and also..."

Shirone closed her mouth.

In order to boost Aider's energy, the example of the Magic Association Chairman Gaold was perfect, but she didn't want to leave any room for leaking secrets.

"Hey, Aider! What are you doing there? Don't you hurry up?"

Screamer shouted from afar. He was already annoyed by losing 20 points, and he was even more angry when he saw Shirone chatting with him.

"Oh, I'll go see you. You know, it's a survival strategy for the youngest."

"Haha! Yeah, go ahead."

Aider turned his body and quickly moved away. He was still inexperienced, so he tried to gain an advantage by getting along well with others.

In some ways, he was like a brat, but he didn't hate his honest attitude.

'Work hard, Aider.'

* * *

As soon as the evaluation was over, the students headed to the cafeteria.

The graduation class had flexible meal times according to the schedule, so the food was also prepared in buffet style.

Friends sat across and next to Shirone and continued the conversation they had been having since Nade came in.

"And then I got a cramp in my calf. It hurt so much that I curled up my body, but I gave too much force and farted."

"Kikik, that must have been awkward. So what happened?"

"My leg hurts so much that I laugh out of my mouth. So I ended up crying while laughing! Hahaha!"

Shirone grabbed her belly and rolled her feet.

"I think I know what you mean. Oh, really, if that situation happens, tears come out."

"Wow, hey! You're talking about that while eating."

Contrary to her displeasure, there was a smile on Amy's lips. She had found peace of mind since joining Shirone's graduation class last year.

"Hi? If it's okay with you, can I join you?"

Maya of Class 2 approached with a plate.

"Oh, of course."

Nade pulled out a chair next to him and Maya bent her knees and greeted him and sat down.

"Thank you. It looked so fun that I wanted to hear it too."

Iruki said.

"You better not listen. Nade's laughter code is far from the table."

"Hohoho! It's okay. I'm pretty good at digestion too. What is it? What is it?"

Shirone stared at Maya, who naturally mingled with her friends with her unique affinity.

Uncommon brown skin. Except for the fact that he always took charge of the bottom in the graduation exam, he didn't know anything.

Maya turned her head as she felt Shirone's gaze.

"Huh? Why are you staring at a foreign woman? Even though you have a lover next to you
[Translated block]


"It could be. But in my case, it seems to have some effect. Actually, I have no talent. So I'm desperately trying to grow my body."

Shirone, who realized the reason, shrugged it off and said while picking up the salad on the plate with a fork.

"You would look very pretty if you lost weight."

Then everyone paid attention to Shirone.

Shirone realized her mistake and hastily excused herself.

"Oh, no, of course you're pretty now, but you'll look prettier if you lose weight... That's what I meant."

Maya, who was staring blankly at Shirone, changed her expression and smiled warmly.

"Thank you. Shirone is really kind. Amy is lucky."

"Hmph, lucky. You'll find out soon enough. How annoying she is."

Maya smiled with her eyes and cut the meat again.

"Huhu, really? I like it..."

Between Maya and Amy's carrot and stick, the three boys just buried their faces in the plates.
[Translated block]