


```text
[198] 1. Mercy of God (3)

"The law? Do you have a law against murder?"

"Of course. A divine cannot harm another divine. If one commits murder, he will be punished according to the judgment of the inner government."

"Then what are you doing now? You have a law against murder, but why are you proceeding with the wine of unity?"

"I don't understand what you're saying. Are you really a Nephilim? Aren't you talking like a heretic?"

"I don't care if I'm a Nephilim or not. I'm someone who doesn't know my lifespan. That's why I can live my best every day. But look at them. They're alive, but they're not alive. How is this different from the murder you're talking about?"

There was no voice of criticism or sympathy from the divines. But the atmosphere was getting hotter.

It was a contradiction that anyone who was a divine would have felt once.

The wine of unity seemed clearly irrational. But no one refused it because inertia that lasted for hundreds of thousands of years was at work.

There were countless people who became giants by the wine of unity so far. Everyone did it and it would be the same in the future. That fact blocked the judgment of the divines.

"O you who deny the law of Ra, we were born from the giants. The wine of unity is God's grace that revives our lives. Do you want to be annihilated forever? If there is anyone among the divines who wants that, come out. I will personally ask him to do so."

No one came forward. According to the fact that the divines had passed down for a long time, the giants made by the wine of unity traveled through hell and came back and broke down into individual entities again.

It's better to live forever than to die. If you have to die, you want to leave some room to come back.

That's life.

Ra ruled life in that way.

The executor, satisfied with the silence of the divines, hit Shirone with a stick and shouted.

"You are a heretic! No, even if you are a Nephilim, you have no right to interfere with the law! Arrest him! Make him pay for insulting Ra's holiness!"

"Shirone, things got complicated! We have to run away now."

Amy grabbed Shirone's hand. But Shirone shook off her hand and held his ground.

"No, I won't go. I have to save Kanya's mother, her."

About 10 Kergoans ran with their swords drawn from the front. Their speed, using the technology of the giants, was as fast as a cheetah.

Shirone plunged into their center. The leading Kergoan swung his sword. The rear guard also surrounded Shirone and swung their swords.

At that moment, Shirone's frenzy exploded.

A curtain of light struck the Kergoans. The mass contained in photons was so small that it felt chilly at first, but when it hit 20 times per second, they felt an elastic force that seemed to tear their bodies apart.

The Kergoans who surrounded Shirone were all bounced off.

They slid long on the ground, dragging their buttocks. They all looked at Shirone with horror in their eyes.

"You, Nephilim? Are you really Nephilim?"

Light magic had a great effect psychologically. It was a phenomenon that only angels could implement and it was magic that imprinted on them that Shirone was a Nephilim.

Taking advantage of the momentum, Shirone concentrated his photon cannon.

The executor felt a sense of crisis and blocked the bronze statue as soon as a flash came out of Shirone.

The executor twisted his body with an animal-like reaction speed. As the flash grazed his side and passed by, he felt a pain as if his intestines were crushed.

But pain was a problem for later.

When the photon cannon hit the bronze statue of the giant, a majestic sound like hitting a bell spread.

The divines backed away with their ears covered by the sound waves that vibrated their intestines.&nbsp

They were shouting something loudly, but tinnitus left in their ears sounded louder than words.

Nevertheless, the bronze statue of the giant was intact.

The power of photon cannon was enough to crumple an iron gate, but there was no trace of being crushed on the statue.

Joy filled the eyes of the divines.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"Ooh! Anke La! Save us!"

"Do not forsake us! Eternal life, eternal life!"

As the situation became serious, Amy stepped forward. She had to somehow bring Shirone and get out of this place.

At that moment, Lian grabbed her shoulder and turned her around.

"Wait. Shirone is not done yet."

"That's not the problem. If we don't run away quickly, we'll have to fight them."

"Then why don't we fight?"

Amy turned her head then. It didn't matter what friendship they had shared until now. Lian was now only Shirone's knight.

"Why are you like this, Lian? Do you have something to say?"

"I do. You guys are weird right now. What are you going to do by stopping Shirone?"

"Of course we have to run away. If we become enemies in heaven, there's no one to help us."

"What about Kanya's mother?"

Amy's heart sank. She realized that she couldn't feel the death of someone realistically.

"Shirone is trying to save Kanya's mother. Just like she did for Marsha nuna, who was an enemy, just like she did for the magic school students. But why don't you try to help? Don't tell me you. Because this is not the world we lived in, you think you have no responsibility for the death of these people?"

"Ah......"

Lian's analysis was accurate. She thought that she didn't have to take responsibility for their chosen death because this was a place where different rules and laws applied.

"Amy, this is happening right in front of our eyes, whether this is heaven or not. Shirone said she can save Kanya's mother. That's why I'm going to fight with Shirone."

Amy looked around the square. Shirone was surrounded by Meccans armed with Signa and Exdro and Norins who handled ancient magic.

The human mind is not a trivial thing. Even if this place was heaven, the truth of life could not change.

The conflict on Amy's face disappeared.

"I trust Shirone too. Let's go, Lian."

As Amy flew her body, her friends followed suit.

The believers who surrounded Shirone scattered outside as a flash of light flashed. When Shirone, who had cast Rage, revealed herself, Amy leaned on her back and asked.

"Are you okay? Are you hurt?"

"No. Signa and Exdro are weak at long range and ancient magic seems to be mostly wind type. And weak too. They seem to be less skilled than Clove."

From heaven's point of view, purgatory was hell.

Even if Clove's skill was poor, he was a magician who wandered through the harsh purgatory, so he could be said to be higher than these guys.

Shirone's party fought back against the attacks of the believers from their respective positions.

The problem was that it was not easy to counterattack. If there were any deaths in a situation where they had to persuade the believers, it could worsen the situation.

"Tsk! They're annoying."

Canis placed his hand on the ground and cast Shadow Wall.

Sharp thorns popped out from the surface of the shadow that rose like a wall.

The Meccans blocked it with Exdro in front, but they didn't have a way to attack either.

-Shirone, we can't hold on forever. You have to make a decision now.

Shirone's thoughts became complicated. In fact, there was one way to end the fight without fighting.

It was the light magic Shining.

If they shot a strong light momentarily and blocked the enemy's sight, the atmosphere of the battle would cool down quickly.

'But can I do it with Shining alone?'

The biggest problem was that it was daytime now. No matter how much they increased the intensity of the light, they couldn't beat the sunlight.

The reason why it was difficult to create a light stronger than the sun was because of the vibrating nature of light.

They had to increase the number of photons in a single area as much as possible, but vibrating light had a limit to compression.

'How can I increase the intensity of light?'

At that moment, Shirone's eyes sparkled.
```

Possible continuation:
[Translated block]


```text
You can't stop the vibration of light. But maybe it's possible to emit a light stronger than the sun.

-Close your eyes! I'm going to cast Shining!

Shirone stopped moving and entered the Spirit Zone. The particles of light began to gather quickly.

Her friends closed their eyes, but Canis, who was building a barrier, looked back at Shirone.

'What is that? Why is the light like that?'

The light that gathered around Shirone was much fainter than the usual Shining. The weak light meant that she reduced the luminosity. In the end, it meant that she was suppressing the vibration in some way.

'I aligned the polarization direction.'

Some particles vibrate vertically and some horizontally. Shirone applied gravity to the photons and aligned the direction of light vibration.

The result was amazing. An unnatural number of photons gathered at one point. They were more stable than ordinary photons, so the color of light was closer to gray. Shining started to emit white light when it reached tens of times the density of normal.

-I'm casting it now!

Shirone closed her eyes tightly and released the control of the photons. The particles of light scattered in all directions like a goat released from a leash.

The brightness of the white light that swallowed the world was as high as 300,000 lumens. It was more than twice as intense as looking directly at the sun at noon.

Shirone realized that the magic was successful without seeing it.

She could vaguely distinguish the shadows even with her eyes closed.

'I did it! I really did it!'

The particle of God was the core principle of magic that Shirone used.

The photon cannon of mass, the laser of energy. And this time, it was Shining Impact, which compressed photons and caused a flash explosion.

It was a non-lethal magic that could incapacitate living beings regardless of time and place because it exceeded the intensity of natural light.

Even after the light disappeared, the believers kept their eyes closed. They bent their upper bodies in case they were attacked and covered their faces with both arms.

Silence passed.

Shirone's party opened their eyes first, and then the believers also lifted their eyelids and looked around.

"Ye, Nephilim. You are Nephilim."

Someone muttered and the Mecha tribe began to drop their weapons one by one.

Shining Impact had more effect than stopping the battle.

Even if you make a contract with a spirit of light, it is impossible to create a light stronger than the sun.

If there is a being who can do it, it is undoubtedly an angel who handles the power of light.

Tes wiped off the sweat that flowed under his chin.

"Phew. Shirone, what kind of magic is this? I was surprised to think I was going blind."

It was a joke, but it was sincere. He had never seen such a strong light in his life.

Lian approached him with his greatsword in his scabbard.

"Well, anyway, we've incapacitated them, so that's good. Now we just have to stop Ilhwa's alcohol, right?"

"It won't be easy. Unlike other believers, Kergoin is not shaken."

As Amy said, those who were involved in alcoholism for executioners were staring at Shirone with fierce eyes.

Of course, they were also intimidated by the power of Shining Impact.

But if they thought it was Nephilim's power, they had no reason to be mentally hurt.

Only those who followed Ra were not afraid of lower laws.

"How dare you do this and be safe, Nephilim? You have disturbed Ra's sacred law. If you move in my jurisdiction, your life will end today."

"Do whatever you can. You can't control my life that I don't even know."

The executioner's nose wrinkled.

He wanted to cut his throat right away, but honestly he didn't want to fight.

It was 187 years that he had devoted his life to. He couldn't end his life here when eternal life was in front of him.

Red energy flickered in Shirone's palm.
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
This was the last chance when the believers were scared. Instead of stirring up anger with a photon cannon, it was a strategy to destroy them with a laser.

As the red beam stretched out like a statue, the believers retreated in surprise.

But there was no one else to rush in. If Shirone was a Nephilim, he was not a being to be dealt with from the line of believers.
```
[Translated block]