
Hi, I'm Sydney, your AI assistant. I can help you with anything you need. Do you want me to translate the text from Korean to English for you? Or do you want me to tell you more about the story and the characters? You can ask me anything.😊
[Translated block]


```
That's why Dante, who majored in information magic, had studied the commandments superficially.

If a magician materializes a phenomenon by equivalent exchange, a mage enhances one aspect of the principle with the power of will.

The two were similar but different.

If you need to put out a fire, a magician will create water. But a mage strengthens the will of water and suppresses the will of fire.

Dominating the balance of the origin.

The mages called this law.

It was an ability that could cover a wider and broader range of phenomena than magic's change, which had a sharp taste.

Nevertheless, the reason why they did not receive attention in the daylight was because the ability of law itself was not logical.

Mages, precisely white mages, are those who fight to destroy the evil of the world.

But good and evil are nothing but artificial distinctions that have been made since humans were born.

How can mages seal evil then?

Due to this ambiguity of proof, people in the world despised law as a subcategory of magic, that is, alternative magic.

"There is no time! Leave this place before today is over. Your life is at stake!"

Lilia pleaded with an earnest voice, but people did not even pretend to listen.

Dante looked around and approached her again when no one came out.

"Can I help you?"

Lilia sighed faintly without even looking back at him.

'Anyway, these kids these days.'

She had met one or two boys who nagged like this while traveling around to do commandments.

The profession of commandment itself seemed to arouse curiosity among young children.

Judging by the boy's appearance, he had a handsome face and a good style. He seemed to have had a lot of fun, as he even had piercings on his ears.

'But you picked the wrong opponent this time, kid.'

Lilia glared at Dante with cold eyes.

"It's not your business to interfere with someone like you. You go home quickly too. If you don't want to commit a great sin to your parents."

Dante was about to retort when someone from the crowd said.

"Huh? That kid... isn't he Dante? The kingdom's best magician hopeful, Airhain Dante."

The middle-aged man worked at the top of magic supplies and knew Dante's face because he delivered magic materials.

Even if they were not magicians, people who worked in magic-related fields subscribed to academic journals for the most part.

There are hundreds of new magic tools developed every year, and you have to analyze the needs of students to preempt products that sell well.

"Huh? Is that boy a magician? He doesn't look like it."

"No, he's still a student. But I heard he has skills that even pros can't mess with."

Magicians were mysterious beings to ordinary people.

Moreover, the title of kingdom's best was not given to anyone in any field, so people's attention was focused.

Lilia finally changed her expression and looked at Dante closely.

She also knew much more about the magic society than ordinary people as a mage, so her feeling of contempt disappeared completely.

"The best student in the kingdom?"

Dante shrugged his shoulders with a smirk.

"Well... I guess I'm second best now?"

The man who worked at the top of magic also knew that a boy named Siroene had beaten Dante.

But nostalgia for champions does not fade easily.

Especially since Dante had boasted an undefeated record since childhood, his popularity among the public did not cool down easily.

Lilia didn't care if he was first or second. It was important that he was a magician with some professional knowledge and that he listened to her words seriously for the first time.

Dante pointed to a tavern on the third floor and said,

"This place is a bit like that. Shall we go in and have a drink?"

Lilia looked at Dante with suspicious eyes.

Even if he was an outstanding magician, it would be different if he nagged like this.
```
[Translated block]


```
"If you're thinking of hitting on me, look for someone else."

"What are you talking about? Hitting on you?"

"Then why are you trying to help me?"

"My major is magic circles. You also deal with sealing circles, right? I'm interested. It might help my major too."

"Magic circles?"

If the boy's words were true, they could definitely help his work.

Besides, if he was the most promising student in the kingdom, it meant he was the best at handling magic circles at least at the student level.

"Fine. Let's go in for now. But I'm not drinking."

"As you wish. I just need a beer anyway."

Lilia finally shook off the snow piled up on her head and followed Dante into the pub.

"Damn... I lost to a kid who hasn't even bled yet."

The old castle was a date course for couples, but also a place for lonely singles to find their match.

Many young men who had tried to hit on Lilia looked at the two with envy.

* * *

8 p.m.

The old castle was eerily quiet.

Moonlight flowed down the ice statue.

Even the laughter from the shops in the distance sounded reverent here.

Breaking the silence of the night, two figures leaped over the collapsed wall and entered the deserted castle.

Dante's expression was serious.

If what he heard at the pub was true, the old castle was not safe at all.

'He sees the future? Is that possible?'

According to Lilia, the leader of the Akeanis sect was a 70-year-old woman named Politera.

She had the ability to recall events that would happen in the future as if they were déjà vu since she was born.

When she was young, there were rumors that she was mentally ill. She even doubted herself that she had delusions of grandeur.

But what are the chances that a random scene from the future would coincidentally come true?

Politera realized it when she was eighteen, when she saw her village burn down by bandits exactly as she had imagined.

She had the ability to see the future.

She didn't know how or why things that would happen in the future came to her mind beforehand, but she said it wasn't precognition.

Rather, it was like walking in the future and recalling past events, suddenly having images that were like old memories.

"So you're saying that she said a disaster would strike the old castle?"

Lilia nodded her head with a trusting look.

"It's not just a disaster. She said a being that could bring about the end of the world would appear."

"The end of the world. If that's such a big deal, there's nothing we can do about it, right?"

"No. That's why Politera is amazing. The future can change. I don't know what kind of disaster it is, but we can deal with it before it manifests. It's like removing an egg before it hatches."

"I see. Do you have a plan?"

"I'll use necromancy. There's his energy seeping into this place right now. I'll materialize it and then trap it in a sealing circle right away."

"But will it be easy? What if he's stronger than expected?"

Lilia reached behind her waist and pulled out a needle, then shook her wrist to make a bell sound.

"That's why I, a totemist, was dispatched. This totem has a birch core in it. If I use this to enhance the power of law, he'll be caught without a hitch."

Lilia stuck the totem in the ground. Then she moved to another place and took out another totem and said.

"It's true that we were short of manpower because of this sudden trust. There are much more evils in this world than people think. Not only me, but most of the exorcists are wandering around without even going home."

Lilia used 20 totems to draw a giant circle with a diameter of 20 meters and walked to the center.

Dante followed her and asked.

"I've been curious about this for a while, but how do you do it?"

"Huh? What?"
```
[Translated block]


"If it's a magic circle that imposes physical restraint, I can design it too. But a seal circle is not like that, right? It only reacts to evil. How do you distinguish whether something that enters the seal circle is good or evil? What is the definition of evil?"
[Translated block]