


```
[524] New Contract (3)

"Shirone. Of course you know."

Miro felt a chill from the affectionate gaze of Uorin that passed by for a moment.

Biologically speaking, the mother's kindness is expressed because she thinks that child is hers.

Uorin's expression was the culmination of possessiveness that transcended desire.

Uorin skillfully turned the conversation and hid her emotions.

"The fact that he fell into a state of behavioral disability."

The information brought by Cage B team is already flowing a little bit around the world under the name of intelligence.

And the first place to access that intelligence was none other than the Holy Land.

Miro slapped Shirone's forehead.

"As you can see, he's unconscious. He's completely gone. I thought you might be able to wake up Shirone."

Uorin crossed her legs as if she didn't like it.

"Why do I have to do that? Miro, your role as Shirone ended when you came back. He's not an important person enough to bother to restore."

Miro raised his mouth.

"Why are you doing this, between players? Even if Shirone's role is over, there is a being called Shirone, right? Shirone's ability, you need it?"

"What I need and what I help are different. I can take Shirone whenever I want."

"Really? No matter how much you are, Armand's chastity belt won't be easy to solve, right? This, never solved."

Armand does not peel off from Shirone until he pays the full price of Valhalla Action.

Uorin, who finally judged that there was room for negotiation in response to Miro's confident response, broke his stubbornness.

"Okay. What's the problem? If it's nothing special, I'll quit. Whenever it happens, I just have to take Shirone."

"Desire is as good as Your Majesty, but for now Shirone is paying the price of Valhalla Action."

"Valhalla Action?"

Miro told the situation that Shirone was in based on what he heard from Gauld and his party.

It was fortunate that Fluga knew the mechanism of Valhalla Action in detail.

Uorin nodded her head after hearing the story.

"Indeed, he has enough guts. The ability of an angel. Then can Shirone use two abilities?"

"Valhalla Action is attached to Armand. It doesn't matter anyway since it's integrated with Shirone, but it will mean something different to you."

The reason why he gave Armand to Shirone willingly was partly to pay off his debt, but also to grow his skills a little bit and get all his abilities at once.

Therefore, it was a pity that the ability of an angel, which was ranked at the highest level in Valkyrie, was attached to a mere weapon.

Uorin gave up on regret and asked.

"So, how much exactly do you have to pay?"

Arius said.

"As a result of my investigation by diving, it seems to be about 127 years."

"It exceeds the average human lifespan by far."

Shirone's current age was nineteen years old, so he could wake up when he was one hundred and forty-six years old.

"That's right. By then everything will be over. But Ikael said that was exactly the hint to bring Shirone back."

Miro said so and looked at Uorin's reaction.

If she thinks the same as herself, she will surely come up with something.

"Hmm, that's what you're saying."

Uorin leaned back and folded three fingers.

"First of all, there seem to be three ways to bring Shirone back."

"Ho-ho?"

It was more than expected.

"Valhalla Action being activated means that causality is established. But Shirone paid a much higher price than the payment limit. That's the point."

Arius intervened.

"It means that payment was made when payment was impossible."

"That's right. Because it's not something that can happen normally, inference is possible. I think Valhalla Action took something from Shirone as collateral in calculating causality."
```

Do you want me to explain anything about this text? Or do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]
The first method is very simple and easy."

Uorin raised one finger and said.

"What is it?"

Miro asked impatiently.

"It's to kill her."

Uorin said casually.

"Kill her
[Translated block]


"I will kill Shirone."

"Hmm."

Miro nodded as if convinced
[Translated block]


"It's better to pay off as much debt as possible."
[Translated block]