


[384] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (6)

* * *

The students' eyes were tense. A level 7 that they had never heard of even in rumors was unfolding before them.

"What is this, we're being crushed all the time? Don't tell me we're going to die like that, pinned to the wall?"

"That won't happen. Then there would be no difference from cutting us off."

Colly's face turned serious.

The void is not a joke. It was a dreadful situation where one could lose their life as a magician if they were careless.

'As an official evaluation, I have to follow the student's opinion. But Shirone, you've already won. You don't have to go that far to become a magician. You might lose everything.'

Unable to ignore the voice from his conscience, Colly, who was an evaluation teacher, unusually requested a reconsideration.

"Principal, should we proceed as it is? If we miss the timing, we may not be able to get out even if we release the virtual zone."

The students murmured at Colly's words. Was it really possible that they couldn't get out even if they turned off the device?

Amy asked with surprised eyes.

"Can't get out? No, even if that's the case, you should have told us in advance, right?"

"I didn't say you can't get out. I said you might not be able to get out. And the information about the survival program is top secret. Our school is not the only one using this program."

At the same time as the current international standard time, all countries in the same time zone are conducting survival evaluations with the same program.

It was something they couldn't say even if they knew in advance. But to be honest, he didn't expect them to reach this far.

'It's been 19 years. Seeing this...'

Anyway, he used his right as an evaluation teacher, so the rest was up to Alpheus.

"Where is there a decision or not? The student says he will do it. Didn't you already inform him of how to get out of the virtual zone?"

"Yes. But the void is...."

"It's different in dimension. But that's why there are levels, isn't it? If you grab any student and lock them in level 7, it would be murder, but Shirone reached there by breaking through all the difficulties. Then doesn't he have enough qualifications to be evaluated? How can he become a magician if he can't even make a judgment about his own life?"

At first glance, he seemed to have a cold-hearted educational view, but the students who had overcome countless dangers and reached this place nodded silently.

"Krrrrrrk!"

Shirone in the vision was pushing back the darkness with all his strength. But he couldn't stand it and his body was flattened.

Colly sighed with resignation.

'Are you really going to do it?'

From now on, it was the start of the void.

* * *

'What? What happened to me?'

Shirone was stuck in a two-dimensional rectangle. He had lost time and height, and he couldn't move a finger.

'What am I supposed to do here....'

The bottom of the rectangle folded up like paper.

Then it folded from left to right, from top to bottom, from right to left, and repeated endlessly.

It's shrinking.

It's getting smaller and smaller into a one-dimensional point.

It's impossible to fold real matter infinitely, but the Magic Association implemented the concept of void through a virtual program.

'Ughhhhhhhhh....'

A huge shock hit his head. Even Shirone, who ruled the world, had his spirit zone almost collapsed.

Whether he was getting smaller or the world was getting bigger.

As the scale gap became transcendental, pressure rose in his head and his eyes dried up.

He shrank by one-sixteenth every time a cycle progressed. He shrank endlessly. Smaller than molecules, smaller than atoms.

'No. I can't stand this.'

The students had blank expressions on their faces. They couldn't tell what kind of pain it meant.

Because the focus of the vision was chasing Shirone, all they could see was him folding in a certain pattern.

But even if they had realized the mechanism of void, they would not have felt any different from now.
[Translated block]


```
A state that can never be realized until you realize it. That was the huge truth hidden in the void.

"Shirone!"

Amy shouted with a pale face. Shirone's waist, who had fallen in the virtual zone, was twitching.

Colly clenched his fists.

'Shirone, give up! You can live if you give up now! Release the spirit zone!'

The void program hits the mind with a gap that can be expressed in units of space.

Humans who stay on just one planet don't even have a sensory organ to feel such a nature of fear.

If you go further from here, even if you turn off the device, your mind will continue to be sucked toward the first dimension, and eventually you will become a vegetative person who never wakes up.

Shirone's waist, which hit the floor with his back, came up like a bow.

The body that was fine even in superheat was so seriously shaken that it meant a dangerous situation.

"Get out of the way! I have to save Shirone!"

As Amy ran toward the virtual zone, Nade quickly grabbed her arm.

"Wait! If you interfere, you and Shirone will fail!"

"I don't care! I can take the test again next year! If something goes wrong with Shirone here, I'll never forgive myself for the rest of my life!"

Nade looked at Amy's burning eyes. It was sincere.

His pupils shook for a moment and he turned his body.

"You're right. Let's save him together."

Then this time Iruki stopped the two.

"Don't judge rashly. It's Shirone."

"What are you talking about! If Shirone is......!"

"There is some change."

Amy immediately closed her mouth. And he turned his head to where there was vision.

The same pattern of scenes was still repeating.

"Change? What is it?"

"The folding phenomenon is slowing down. It's subtle."

Amy looked through her red eyes.

The progress speed was definitely slower than before. And... it was slowing down more.

'Krrrrrrr!'

Shirone was in an immortal function state.

He tried to escape from the pit of the void that deepened forever by expanding his mind infinitely.

But if he didn't expand his mind faster than the shrinking speed, he couldn't escape from the shackles of eternity.

'This is not enough. A bigger expansion...'

The bond of mind began to loosen. It was just before losing oneself and permeating everything for a normal unlocker.

But Shirone never lost himself.

Mental transcendence.

Breaking the fiction of scale, as soon as the immortal function got out of the void area, the folding phenomenon stopped in vision.

"It stopped, it stopped."

The students murmured. Then Shirone unfolded in reverse order of the process that had been folded so far.

"What? Why, why are you doing that?"

A more surprising thing happened in the virtual zone.

The students slowly backed away. Shirone, who had collapsed, staggered up.

"How do you move? You're in a half-life state?"

"Look over there! Vision!"

The students' eyes turned to vision again. Shirone in the screen stood in the same posture as Shirone in the virtual zone.

He raised both arms and began to push away the wall of darkness to the left and right.

"That, that is......!"

Colly shivered as if he couldn't believe it.

Shirone in reality and Shirone in vision showed the same movement and perfectly matched the sync rate.

Shirone slowly raised his head and opened his eyes wide. At the same time, the darkness of the void disappeared from vision and the scenery of reality appeared.

The same space, the same person.

Two Shirones in reality and virtuality spread their arms and glared at each other fiercely.

"He broke out of...the void...by himself..."

-Stage 7, Void Program has ended. The virtual zone virtual extreme cold system will be released.

As soon as the machine sound went off, Shirone slowly lowered his arms and went down from the virtual zone.

The students flinched and opened their way left and right.
```

Do you have any questions about this translation?
[Translated block]


The students who had looked down on Shirone knew instinctively that they should not touch him at this moment.

He was a survivor evaluation level 7 passer.

As everyone's eyes followed Shirone's movements, he stopped in front of Fermi.

"I have something to say that I couldn't do because you ran away."

Fermi's eyebrows rose.

"I'm going to be a magician no matter what. I don't care what you do, but if you interfere with my dream, I'll put everything aside and smash you first."

The students' faces hardened.

It was a propaganda against Fermi and a message to everyone in this place.

Don't interfere with my dream.

In front of his determination to fight only one person, everyone's minds became complicated.

'Damn. Fermi is already a headache...'

Anyone in the graduation class knows that Fermi has some control.

They can't resist even though they know it, because the first one to be marked will fail the graduation exam.

Of course, Fermi's influence is still considerable, but the current has started to change subtly with Shirone's appearance.

'The second survival evaluation master in school history.'

In other words, it meant that he could pass 100 percent if the survival subject was on the graduation exam.

'I've been hitting the guys that Fermi marked until now. What do I do? Am I going to step on shit just by being instigated?'

Now everyone's eyes were on Fermi. They would have to judge again depending on how he came out.

Fermi gave a hypocritical smile. Whatever he said would be nothing but a loser's excuse.

'Let me back off today.'

As Fermi turned his body away without saying a word, the students were shocked.

It was the first time they saw him exercise his right to remain silent, who had always led the situation favorably.

'Damn kid. From now on, I'll consider you as my greatest enemy. You'll regret making me think like this for the rest of your life.'

On Fermi's face as he moved away, there was a rage that no one in the graduation class had ever seen.

"The final survivor, Arian Shirone. 20 points added to all members of the red team, 20 points deducted from all members of the blue team."

As Colly's declaration fell, the students finally returned to team versus team instead of Shirone and Fermi.

"We did it! We won! 20 points acquired!"

"And we got those points by beating Fermi! It feels so good! I told you my judgment was accurate!"

Amy and Nade hugged each other and jumped around, and Shirone also celebrated his victory with a high five with Iruki.

"Wow...."

Maya, who was watching from afar, exclaimed in admiration.

She was a veteran in her own way in the graduation class, but this was the first time she saw someone who confronted Fermi head-on.

But soon her eyes sank into loneliness.

'I wish I was strong...'

She had never dreamed of going against Fermi. Of course, he wouldn't care even if she did.

She wanted to become a magician by hook or by crook and solve her tribe's poverty. To her, Shirone was a person from another world.

"Shirone! You were amazing! I didn't expect you to pass level 7!"

"I told you my prediction was right! No matter how great Fermi is, he can't beat an unlocker!"

Shirone, Shirone, Shirone.

The students who usually kept their distance became one team today and praised Shirone's performance.

Shirone climbed up at least two levels more than the other participants and led his team to victory. Thanks to that, 15 people got 20 points each, so it would have a negative impact on their interpersonal relationships if they were cold on such a day.

Alpheus, who comforted the blue team members leaving the training ground, finally looked back at Shirone. It was a complicated feeling.

'Is he really the boy I knew?'

The boy who came over the wall at twelve and asked him to teach him magic had become a student who broke through the public test.

He was happy with his disciple's growth, but at the same time he was worried about his too fast growth.
[Translated block]


```
It was not a coincidence that the old memories overlapped in her head.

Olivia said, looking at Shirone.

"Psychic transcendence, or something equivalent to it. It's impossible to escape from fear by your own strength unless it's one of those two cases."
```
[Translated block]