


[595] Cube of Time (2)

Yolga's face turned pale as he looked at the young life that had died in his arms.

"What...!"

Everyone turned their heads in shock, and Lucang, whose arm had collapsed, was standing with his hand against the wall.

"Who are you?"

Yolga remembered Lucang, but he was so out of sorts that he couldn't believe he was the person he had seen a while ago.

His bloodshot eyes were out of focus, and his whole body was covered in blood.

"Heh, hehehe."

He vomited blood and fell over, painting the wall with blood.

"Now... I can go home."

"Hexaaaaa!"

Miro ran and retrieved the body of the child, but it was too late to revive him as he was hit squarely by the chain scythe.

When she turned her head in shock, Shiro was also standing there with a pale, sickly face.

Hexa is dead.

'Then what about me?'

When she looked at her palm, her naturally colored skin was turning gray.

I'm dying.

The colorless color confirmed it, and Shiro felt dizzy and staggered.

"I'm dying. I'm dying...."

"Get a hold of yourself!"

Miro ran over and propped up Shiro's shoulder.

"It's not over yet!"

"But I'm dead. I'm...."

"Listen carefully. The hyperbola cannot separate cause and effect. To end the event that is happening now, the timeline has to go around once."

Upon hearing that, Shiro suddenly came to her senses.

'I can change the event.'

"Go and move Istas. Yolga and I must not meet. Got it?"

Shiro immediately nodded her head and flew away.

Watching her recede, Miro glared at Yolga.

"Are you satisfied now?"

If you ask if I'm satisfied, it wasn't a disappointing result.

Nevertheless, the question was Lucang's appearance.

"Why were you alive?"

"The events are overlapping."

Mustang said.

"Before the original event completes a cycle, a new event is pushing in. It's evidence that space is collapsing."

If the event where Lucang did not die was pushed in faster than before, then the same could be true for Hexa.

"It's not over yet."

Only then did Yolga look back at Miro with fierce eyes.

* * *

"Damn it! What the hell is going on?"

Lycon avoided the incoming Martian forces and went down the stairs.

Still, Mars was spread out in every room.

'Isn't this different from what Fermi said?'

As Istas changed the structure several times, his route was also complicated.

"What is that kid?"

When the 4th team of Mars blocked the front, Lycon immediately flew into the side corridor.

'I'd like to fight if I could....'

It was meaningless.

Above all, the 'Last Cry of the Yeager Family' was applied.

One-time object.

If there is even a slight crisis, the ability of the object will be activated, and then 10 billion gold will be lost before it can be duplicated.

'This is a waste of money.'

Originally, it was a noble item that saved the owner's life, but now it was rather a hindrance to Lycon.

'I'm almost there!'

Lycon ran at full speed towards the end of the corridor in the distance.

It was a warehouse where Fermi designated a safe.

* * *

Failure, again failure.

In the complexly moving warehouse of Istas, Shiro encountered numerous events, but could not reach the space he wanted.

"There he is! Catch him!"

"Be careful! He's strong!"

Nickel, the captain of Mars, rushed in with a long sword, a common weapon of Thor Mia.

The skill was top-notch, and each sword technique that was unleashed strangled Shiro's neck and flew in.

'Fury!'

The curtain of light exploded, and the soldiers of Mars retreated the same distance.

Photon cannons popped out and the flash of the scatter movement decorated the corridor.

"Got him!"
[Translated block]


Nickel, who stubbornly followed Shiro, swung his sword, and two tentacles grabbed the blade.

"Kuk!"

Then, two more tentacles hit his abdomen squarely.

Nickel's eyes widened and blood spurted from his mouth, turning the faces of the crew pale.

"Captain!"

'There's no time to be like this...'

Shiro desperately raised his mental strength.

"There's no time!"

Elysion broke the boundary of the spirit zone, and the flash of the photon cannon entangled the entire corridor like a net.

"Ugh!"

Ignoring the screams of the crew, Shiro turned his body and cast a firebomb again.

The Martian forces disappeared as the time zone changed.

"Hurry! Hurry!"

Shiro, who had already bypassed space seven times, had a complex timeline, and no matter what method he used, he could not prevent Hexa's death.

'The problem is the man with the chain scythe. Miro definitely succeeded in his mission. It's tangled up in an event I'm not aware of.'

By the time the thought was over, the engine room was visible in the distance.

&lt;Event coordinates&gt;

Time: 1 hour 57 minutes.

Space: Istas Warehouse No. 9.

'That's it.'

When he opened the door to the warehouse and entered, Anchar popped out.

"Shiro?"

"Anchar!"

Shiro looked around and ran to her.

"Have you been waiting here all this time?"

"No, I just arrived. What happened?"

Shiro bit his lip and walked to the control device.

"I failed. The event keeps changing and I can't stop it."

"What are you talking about?"

As time passed, Shiro became anxious.

When the time of the closed curve circled once, the event of Hexa's death was concluded, and when that time came, everything was over.

"Damn it! How can I do it? How should I......"

He had already operated the device seven times, but he could not overcome the event of Hexa's death.

'You have to attach the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society to Room 36. Then bypass Room 11 and go back......'

Failure.

Mars was already waiting there.

'Yes, let's attach Room 55 upwards. You can make a big detour from there. Feel like starting over......'

Anchar approached and pulled Shiro's shoulder.

"What are you doing? You said it's dangerous to twist the event."

"We're all going to die anyway!"

It was frustrating for Shiro.

"I have to go back. I......"

"Tell me what happened. I haven't encountered any events yet."

"It's my mistake. It wasn't supposed to make Yolga meet Miro from the beginning."

"What?"

"Hexa. I'm dead. I'm going to disappear soon. You have to save me in there."

When the operation of Istas stopped, Shiro turned his body and said.

"Help me! This way!"

Anchar still didn't understand, but she had no choice but to follow.

"Damn it! What's going on?"

This is the eighth challenge.

It was impossible to determine the exact time, but the intuition that this would be the last chance stuck in Shiro's brain.

&lt;Event coordinates&gt;

Time: 0 hours 58 minutes.

Space: Istas Warehouse No. 65.

As space twisted and the events of the closed curve continued to overlap, Lucang was shocked to see himself dying with his lower body collapsed.

"What, what is this?"

Lucang, who was leaning against the wall, was also surprised.

"Am I dreaming? Kuk!"

Blood poured out from under Lucang's intestines.

It was definitely his own figure, but there was no homogeneity in the destroyed form.

'This is hell.'

There was only one thing Lucang realized.

"I have to get out."

"Huh? A survivor......"

The door to the warehouse opened and Yolga and his colleagues entered.

"No, it's not a survivor."

Mustang stopped Yolga.
[Translated block]


Two Lucangs, one with a broken lower body and another with a broken right arm, were facing each other.

"How did this happen?"

"The incidents are overlapping. It's probably not unrelated to the changes in Istas."

"Damn Yolga!"

The fallen Lucang spat out a curse.

"It's all because of you! You made us like this!"

As always, Yolga bowed her head.

"I'm sorry. I have nothing to say."

So Lucang died, and the Lucang with the broken right arm approached Yolga.

"What's going on? Why am I dead!"

"......"

"Answer me! Why did you bring us to this terrible place!"

There was no way to know it was Yolga.

But her insight reaches some blind result against numerous times and variables.

"Do you want to get out of here?"

"Don't be ridiculous! I know you can't get out once you're in!"

"There is a way."

Lucang, who was about to rush in, stopped in his tracks.

"There is... a way?"

Yolga, who had been thinking for a moment, nodded as if she was sure.

"Due to some variable, you have escaped from the incident of death. So from now on, follow me. And......"

Yolga closed her eyes tightly.

Banya-Pa Maria.

"When you get a chance, do what you have to do."

That was the law.

&lt;Incident coordinates&gt;

Time: 1 hour 32 minutes.

Space: Istas Warehouse 13.

'I've finally arrived!'

As soon as he opened the door to the warehouse and entered, Miro, who had swept away the Martian forces, was panting with Hexa in his arms.

"Who are you?"

Miro was on high alert, but there was no time left for Shiro to explain everything.

"We have to talk! We have to go now!"

"What are you talking about?"

"The door to Geppin! If we don't arrive faster than any other incident, Hexa will die!"

She had already suspected the fading presence of Hexa.

"You guys! Why did you come into Istas? Don't you know where this is?"

Anchal said.

"That's why we came in. The situation is serious. We came from a world that has experienced three resets. We need information from the upper levels."

Miro understood immediately.

"Okay! Guide me quickly! There's no time!"

Shiro immediately turned his body and led Miro and Anchal towards the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Association.

Because he had manipulated the warehouse, the path was clear.

Also, thanks to encountering numerous incidents, he was able to avoid the place where the Martian troops were.

'The current action will twist the incident again.'

If it were the original incident, there would have been more battles before Miro arrived at the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Association, but by avoiding through Shiro's guidance, the incident itself changed again.

"We've arrived!"

&lt;Incident coordinates&gt;

Time: 1 hour 40 minutes.

Space: Supernatural Spirit Science Research Association.

Shiro, who arrived 8 minutes earlier than the previous incident, looked around.

Since he couldn't rewind the incident where he met Yolga, Yolga must have arrived here somehow.

However, since it is currently time-pulled, it was possible to prevent contact with Miro.

'It's done. It's a success!'

Miro, who entered the research association, looked at the activated Geppin's door and said.

"From now on, we're going to go through the door of dimensions to another space."

Miro hugged Hexa even tighter.

"What's in the other space?"

"Sacrifice. It's not wrong to call it a sacrificial lamb."

There was no desire to make excuses.

That was Geppin's will.

"In order to save the world, someone has to sacrifice. And beyond this door is the sacrificial lamb of cosmic initialization."

That was why Miro couldn't tell Yolga the truth.

'Yolga can never do it. I have to do it.'

Only individuals can sacrifice for the whole.
[Translated block]


"If the mission is successful, she will forget about today's events, but her life was also destined to unfold by paying a price.

Miro looked back at Shiro at the door.

"Are you Hexa?"

The fact that Shiro's body was becoming transparent over time was evidence.

"Yes."

"Do you want to see it yourself? You are qualified."

"I'll go too."

When Anchar said this, Miro nodded as if it didn't matter and headed for Geopin's door.

When Miro disappeared through the barrier of light, Shiro looked at Anchar once and pushed herself into Geopin's door.

A white light filled her retina, and then the night scene unfolded... and she heard the sound of mountain birds crying from afar.

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: Departure.

Space: Shiro's house, stable."
[Translated block]