


[508] Backlash of Evil (2)

"Evil's Law Satan."

Gando repeated Uorin's words.

Satan was currently the prime suspect that Uorin was pointing out, but the name Satan was familiar in human history.

Of course, no one had ever seen his real form, but they could subjectively imagine what Satan looked like through countless documents and pictures.

"That's right. If there is anything that Anke Ra can't do, it's evil. And if there is a concept that represents evil, Satan is perfect."

Heaven and the kingdom of the earth have been exchanging in a limited way since ancient times.

In the process, humanity accumulated history of gods and angels, demons and monsters, and it became a myth that settled in people's hearts.

"The opposition of good and evil is different from the opposition of nothingness and existence. It's not clear. But it's definitely a concept that exists. Then when did it happen?"

When Gando couldn't answer, Uorin raised his index finger and pointed to the ceiling.

"From the beginning. To be precise, since we could think of ourselves as the beginning."

Anke Ra defined this universe as a garbage dump abandoned by God and decided to become God himself.

And from then on, the universe became the universe, but in reality, it was the same as the universe existed before he was gone.

"Good and evil are like that. The whole and something that opposes the whole. Maybe it's endless chaos and instability. And from the moment we perceived the universe, it worked on us as good and evil."

"So... Anke Ra can't get rid of evil's law."

Uorin crossed his legs and propped his chin.

"Hmm, that's the most plausible theory right now. Once Cage B team of Torumia returns, we'll be able to hear more details."

Gando felt like he had finally found a clue.

Humans can do what Anke Ra can't.

"So what Raga wanted from us was for the followers of good to kill Satan."

Uorin made a very hypocritical smile.

It looked lovely because he knew it was a joke.

"That's right to think so. But Gando, humans are not beings who choose good and evil."

Gando blinked his eyes.

He thinks humans can choose good and evil.

Isn't he able to decide that even now?

"Then, what kind of beings are humans?"

"Beings who define good and evil."

"......"

"There is no absolute boundary between good and evil. That's why Anke Ra can't get rid of evil. But humans are different. We are extremely selfish and personal, so we can flow into good or evil, and therefore unstable."

Uorin held up a crystal glass filled with alcohol and leaned back on the backrest.

"Instability always reveals weakness. That's why humans are said to be weak. But that's also why they become stronger."

"What is that...?"

When Gando lifted his head from his thoughts and asked, Uorin brought the glass to his lips and pointed at Gando with his finger.

"Faith."

Kwaaang!

Ethela, who was slammed into the wall, crushed her buttocks on the floor in a crouched position
[Translated block]


```text
"Why are you attacking?"

Satan asked, looking at Ethela's fierce eyes.

"So why risk your life for a stupid idea? Evil always rules the world. Because it is the most efficient means to achieve desire."

Satan grabbed and tore off the roof of the temple that stood towering in front of him.

As he clenched his fist, the solid bricks crumbled like dust.

"The easiest way to get something is to just take it. If you see something to eat, just go and snatch it. Humans know this simple truth very well. But why do you do stupid things?"

Ethela put both hands on the ground and slowly got up.

"If humans are really evil beings..."

And he took a fighting stance again and looked up at Satan's high face.

"Why is this world still maintained?"

This time Satan was silent.

"Yeah, maybe humans don't need anything like good. Even if they are left to their own desires, they will create their own justice and live well. But remember this well. The reason why many people maintain their humanity in this life where evil is rampant is because a few people with good will have endlessly protected it."

"So are you fighting too? Giving up your desire?"

Ethela chuckled.

"This is my desire. I want this world to be full of love with a purely selfish heart."

Hoo woo woo woo.

As his breath blew out long, vitality began to return to Ethela's body.

"Goodness lives in places where evil like you don't even look. And I'm alive too."

Ethela clenched her teeth and rushed.

"The fact that humanity still exists is, for me, a clear conviction of good than anything else!"

Looking at Ethela jumping up from the ground, Satan frowned.

Belief.

Humans believe what they believe is right.

That's why humans are dangerous.

Even though they know that following the methodology of evil is sweet and easy, those who pursue good have existed endlessly.

"It's trivial."

Satan aimed at Ethela who was coming up and raised his fist.

"Come on. Human!"

"Ta ha ha ha!"

Ethela dodged the fist and climbed over his arm, spinning and kicking Satan's chin.

Satan's face, which was as big as a rock, turned, and Ethela crossed her arms and held her breath as she fell.

As his arms opened, his eyes shone with light and the five elements of Yin-Yang Wave Fist unfolded.

Thousand Water Guanyin Thunder Strike.

Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo!

As the tremendous speed of punches hit the hard chest, waves spread from inside.

Countless waves interfered, refracted, and reflected throughout Satan's body.

'I believe! In humans!'

Ethela increased the speed of punches so much that she couldn't even breathe.

'In the will of goodness in human hearts!'

Doo doo doo doo doo!

Raindrops fell inside Satan's body.

"Keeeee!"

Raindrops fell inside Satan's body.

* * *

"Hey! Uriel!"

It was a long time ago.

Cariel went out to find Uriel who had smashed his creation again.

It was annoying enough to see the giant figure staring blankly at the sky.

'He's so stupid.'

Cariel flew with a fierce trail.

"Hey! Why do you keep breaking my stuff!"

Uriel's answer, who turned his head, was simple.

"Just make it unbreakable."

"What, what?"

"I am the Archangel of Destruction. I can break everything. You are also the Archangel of Creation, shouldn't you make something that can never be broken?"

Cariel tried to say something back but clenched his teeth.

"Damn it!"

There was nothing to say back.

"I can make it! But what you broke wasn't that kind of thing in the first place! I'll tell Ikael everything."

"Pitiful. Ikael is the only one who was born before us, but he is still an archangel like us. You have to take care of your own business."
```
[Translated block]
"Ha ha! You say that but you can't do anything about it. Wait, I'll be right there......"

As soon as Cariel turned around, Ikael flew over from far away.

Cariel's face brightened up and he called out to her with a radiant glow.

"Ikael! Ikael!"

As Ikael flew over, Cariel told her everything about Uriel's mischief.

"He always destroys what I make. Please scold him."

Unlike his confident words earlier, Uriel also turned his head away awkwardly.

"Hmm."

Ikael looked
[Translated block]


Ikael smiled sadly with a mixture of sorrow and pity, and continued to stroke Kariel's head.

Kariel's eyes slowly began to close as he became dazed.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry..."

Mom.

It was the last thought engraved on Kariel's body of light, a name that could never exist for an angel.

His horribly damaged body burned with a brilliant light and decorated the end of his extinction.

'O Lord, have mercy on poor Kariel.'

Ikael stayed in his place even after Kariel disappeared, and Flue, who was standing behind her, turned his head to the sky.

God's punishment is not yet visible.

'Well, of course.'

It must be an unimaginable speed.

Therefore, as soon as it came into sight, it was so quick that it was impossible to react even when it hit the ground.

The time left until the destruction of heaven.

4 minutes 32 seconds.
[Translated block]