


[376] Volume 16 - Graduation Class Orientation (4)

As Colly left the conference room, everyone got up. The door closed and they looked at each other, but no one spoke.

It was the start of the competition from the moment they realized the graduation class rule.

A moment later, Dante's party was the first to leave, followed by Boyle and Pandora, Arin and Canis.

Coincidentally, the last remaining Shiroe party did not feel the need to leave the conference room.

Shiroe collapsed on a chair with his legs loose.

"This is really serious. I never imagined it would be so hard."

"That's right. I can't do anything but evaluate. How can I lead a research group in this state?"

Shiroe looked at Nade.

"There's nothing to do anyway, right?"

Iruki said.

"He said he had the right to give up on the evaluation. No one will give up. No one came into the graduation class thinking they would get a low score."

"But if you pay too much attention to the score, you run the risk of exposing your skills. Then you'll be more likely to be checked or eliminated in the graduation exam."

A clear example is Amy. She was ranked fifth in the graduation class until the last 30 weeks, but she was eliminated early in the exam due to concentrated checks.

Regardless of Fermi's collusion, the fact that she was the first candidate for graduation influenced the students to be easily swayed.

Nade said.

"Hmm, in the end, it's either evaluation score or graduation exam. Process or result. You have to judge that well."

"I want to do my best if scouts check my evaluation score. But even if I do, it's meaningless if I don't pass the graduation exam."

Iruki added.

"And it won't be a joke with other students' nerves."

Shiroe bit his lips with his chin on his chin.

"But I think it would be better to be included in the top 10. I don't want to go into the exam room with low confidence."

Nade said.

"Interpersonal combat is the lowest scoring item, but it has the highest discrimination power. It's important not to lose points."

"Tactical strategy is something you have to be careful about. If your rank is low, you'll be in a lower group. A maximum of 5 points difference. It's bleak if you think about it accumulating for 30 weeks."

Iruki said.

"You can adjust your rank to some extent by strengthening your specialty. But it's dangerous to go too far from the beginning. It's best to match it while looking at other students' scores."

When they combined their opinions, they roughly outlined it. It was a year-long journey, and they needed to decide their steps carefully.

"Let's wait until tomorrow's interview for now. Let's think about it after seeing the interpersonal combat schedule and specialty enhancement items."

One more step (1)

Graduation class students were called by Colly and had individual interviews one by one.

Shiroe's graduation class rank was 23rd, so he was called 23rd according to his rank.

The main goal of personal interviews was to evaluate students' personalities and attitudes toward academics, but no matter what excuse they used, registering a major was the purpose and that fact did not change.

"Nice to meet you, Shiroe."

Colly asked for a handshake. Unlike yesterday's orientation, he was back to his old friendly look.

But Shiroe no longer acted like a child in front of him.

"Yes. I look forward to working with you."

When they sat down with a table between them, Colly looked at the documents and put on his glasses.

"First of all, take this. This is Shiroe's interpersonal combat schedule."

Shiroe's hand trembled as he grabbed the document. It felt like he had obtained a confidential document that no one should know.

The document contained the opponent and date of the interpersonal combat item. The first opponent was Dorothy.

'Ah, Dorothy.'

The four-dimensional girl who always carries a tin doll in her arms.

At least he didn't seem to be behind in combat power. But as Flu advised, there was no need to imagine enemies at will.

Next, he looked at his friends' schedules.

Iruki, Nade, Amy. They were all assigned to the second half of the schedule after the vacation ended.
[Translated block]


"Hmm, competing with my friends is also a variable."

I personally want to do my best no matter who the opponent is.

But if the other participants form factions and share one point each, Shiroe might have to think differently.

Colly took out the next document.

"Then we have to register our major now...."

It was clear why he trailed off. There was some reason for it.

There was a evaluation item for unlockers in the database of Red Line, but Shiroe's battery was unique.

The god particle that gives mass.

The magic that is realized through it is different from any magic that exists in the world.

In other words, there was no standard to evaluate it.

"After the graduation class advancement test, the school sent an official letter to Red Line. They said they needed a separate evaluation form. But this is also a bit vague, because your major is almost like a field that only you can learn in the world."

Shiroe was evaluated comprehensively on his own battery and the skills that he could use with it, the achievement level and theoretical understanding of the spirit zone, in the graduation class advancement test.

"The only thing the school can confirm is the magic you used at that time. The problem is that there is no basis for what direction it will develop, so the standard becomes vague."

"Yes. I understand enough."

Shiroe would have been an evaluator himself.

If he were to evaluate Ataraxia, what level would be the master difficulty? Photon cannon? Light rage, light profit?

Moreover, the school didn't even know that he had developed a magic called light profit.

And probably, all these situations would not work to his advantage.

"So the association seems to have come up with a basic idea. That is, they only measure the phenomenon created by combining light and mass. Just read it once and tell me your opinion."

Shiroe skimmed through the evaluation sheet he received. There were 20 items about the god particle.

There were 15 active magic questions and 5 passive magic questions, and active ones were mainly attack and defense categories, and passive ones were mostly movement categories.

Shiroe's expression hardened as he read each question carefully.

It didn't take long for his face to be completely distorted.

'Are they telling me to do this now?'

It's too hard.

Of course, he thought he could easily get 3 or 4 points for each item, and there were some items that seemed possible to get more than 7 points at advanced difficulty. But the master difficulty of 10 steps was difficult to reach with any one of them at his current level.

Shiroe's eyes went down to the bottom and stayed on the reference line at the end of the form.

All items measure magic applied with god particles. Also, in case of attack magic, only those with an impact of more than 20 crashes are recognized as evaluation targets.

20 crashes was about the average impact of photon cannons he had used in real battles so far.

In other words, even if he applied god particles, if he reduced the mass to a very small amount, he would not reach the evaluation standard.

"Hoo."

Shiroe went back to the first item.

The first item was a criterion for measuring firing speed, and the difficulty of just 1 point was a whopping 80 shots per minute.

'80 shots per minute with 20 crashes power?'

Of course, it was possible for Shiroe now. But that didn't mean it was easy.

When he fought against the Ice Queen in an old ruin, he showed a firing speed of about 120 shots per minute.

The problem was that it was the result of doing his best.

The standard for master difficulty was 200 shots per minute.

It meant that he had to cast attack magic more than three times per second and keep it for a minute to get 10 points.

Shiroe squinted one eye and scratched his head hard.

Colly also waited patiently until he sorted out his thoughts with his hands clasped together.

The second item of projectile speed was no different.

The master difficulty was 140 meters per second. It was twice as fast as the photon cannon he was using now.
[Translated block]
Do you understand what I translated for you? What do you think Shirone should do?
[Translated block]