


```text
[510] Backlash of Evil (4)

"There is a concept that corresponds to the Akashic Records, which I thought was the whole. A concept outside of the law. In other words, it is perfect chaos."

"I see."

The smile on Woorin's lips disappeared.

"Because he did not understand that chaos, he reset everything that was."

When Gando looked at him with a puzzled expression, Woorin walked to the table and took out some documents.

A thick file was placed in front of Gando.

Anke La Erasure.

Probably one of the most highly classified secrets in the world, only passed on to the official successor of Teraze.

When Gando hesitated to even touch or look at it, Woorin gestured and said.

"Read it. I have something to ask for your help."

"Yes, then...."

Gando did not have the ability to absorb the contents of a 200-page document in one go.

"You only need to read the last 3 pages."

As he followed the polite words, each letter in Gando's eyes rushed in like a shock wave.

Saliva swallowed and hands trembled.

"Is this right now...."

"Yes. This is the whole story of the incident where Anke La reset the world and tried to erase himself."

"But isn't he still there?"

"That's where the variables occurred. As long as Satan is not eliminated, no matter how many times you reset, only the same result will be repeated. Therefore, the point at which Anke La erasure is carried out will be after Satan's extinction. That's why he decided to repeat the world once again even though he had won in the final war."

Woorin continued to explain.

"Even ordinary humans have traces of reset left, albeit slightly. That's what deja vu is. Teraze can almost perfectly restore that deja vu as a mitochondrial Eve."

"It's called an undercase."

"Yes. Based on that undercase analysis, we are currently living in a world after the second reset was executed. In other words, it is an intermediate point where we repeat all the same processes and go back to the point where the second reset was executed."

Gando imagined a hypothetical timeline in his head.

Once reset, the world becomes 'off state'.

Then something amplifies and opens the world and goes back to the point where it was reset, completing one cycle.

'Currently in the middle of that cycle. In other words, we haven't arrived at the point where Anke La did the second reset yet.'

Probably just before the end of the final war.

But due to Teraze's intrusion, the future is changing.

"When was the final war supposed to happen?"

"The first reset time, that is, six months from now at Gepin Erasure, when the final war took place. If it were normal, around this time Cariel, an archangel, would destroy Miro's spacetime and Miro would die. But as you know, the second reset, Anke La erasure is different. Because I added variables."

One of those variables was Gando.

The reason he was created in Mistra's womb during Anke La erasure, and why he left his mother's arms from birth and grew up as a spy in Torumia was...

"To send Gaold to heaven. By sending him to heaven, you made a different future from Gepin Erasure."

"Yes. After trying to reset for a second time while expecting Satan's extinction, Teraze pondered this for hundreds of years. Then my predecessor Mistra remembered an incident 20 years ago at Gepin Erasure."

Woorin remembered that time in his head.

Gaold's appearance when he forcibly broke through Jin of Law without sending Miro away and his hair turned white.

The monster-like scream he uttered seemed to still ring vividly in his ears.

"Then I realized. This is it! If this man who can sacrifice everything for Miro can bring us a special variable."

Woorin smiled and snapped his fingers.
```
[Translated block]
The woman was none other than Ingrid, the leader of the Inglish faction. She had a cold and aloof expression on her face, as if she was not interested in anything that was happening around her.

"Hello, Etela. Long time no see." She said in a flat tone.

"Hello, Ingrid." Etela replied politely, but with a hint of wariness. She wondered why Ingrid was here, and what she had to do with the coordinates.

"Are you surprised to see me?" Ingrid asked, raising an eyebrow.

"A little." Etela admitted. "I thought you were busy with your own affairs."

"I am. But I also have a duty to protect this world from the evil that threatens it." Ingrid said, glancing at the sky where Satan's gigantic face was still looming.

Etela felt a surge of anger at Ingrid's words. She remembered how Ingrid had betrayed her and her master, and how she had sided with Armin, the leader of the Arminian faction. She also remembered how Ingrid had tried to kill her several times, and how she had shown no remorse for her actions.

"You have a strange way of showing it." Etela said bitterly. "You've done nothing but cause trouble and pain for everyone who stands in your way."

Ingrid shrugged. "That's your opinion. I have my own reasons for doing what I do. And I don't owe you any explanations."

"Then why are you here?" Etela asked, getting impatient.

Ingrid smiled faintly. "Because I have something that you need. Something that can help you defeat Satan."

Etela felt a flicker of curiosity, mixed with suspicion. She wondered what Ingrid was talking about, and whether she could trust her.

"What is it?" She asked cautiously.

Ingrid reached into her pocket and pulled out a small device. It looked like a metal cube with a red button on it.

"This." She said, holding it up for Etela to see.

"What is that?" Etela asked, feeling confused.

"It's a bomb." Ingrid said casually. "A very powerful bomb. One that can destroy Satan's body and soul in one blow."

Etela gasped. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. How could such a thing exist? And how did Ingrid get it?

"Where did you get that?" She asked incredulously.

Ingrid smirked. "That's my secret. Let's just say I have some connections in high places."

She looked at Etela with a serious expression.

"Listen, Etela. I know we've had our differences in the past. And I know you don't trust me. But right now, we have a common enemy. And we have to work together if we want to save this world."

She held out the bomb to Etela.

"Take this. It's the only way to stop Satan. You have to get close enough to him and press the button. It will detonate in ten seconds, and wipe him out of existence."

She paused for a moment, then added.

"Of course, you'll die too. But that's a small price to pay for the greater good, don't you think?"

Etela stared at the bomb in Ingrid's hand, feeling shocked and conflicted. She didn't know what to do.

Should she take the bomb and sacrifice herself for the sake of humanity? Or should she refuse and look for another way to defeat Satan?

She looked at Ingrid's face, trying to read her intentions. Was she telling the truth? Or was this another one of her schemes?

She looked at Sein, who was standing next to her with a worried expression. He seemed to sense her dilemma, and gave her a reassuring smile.

She looked at Arius, who was still crawling on the ground like a dog. He seemed to be oblivious to everything that was happening around him.

She looked at Satan, who was still staring down at them with his evil eyes. He seemed to be waiting for something to happen.

She looked at herself, who was still holding her broken fists in pain. She felt tired and hopeless.

She took a deep breath, and made her decision.

She reached out her hand, and took the bomb from Ingrid.

"Thank you." She said softly.

Ingrid nodded slightly, then stepped back.

"Good luck." She said quietly.

Etela turned around, and ran towards Satan.

She didn't look back.
[Translated block]
However, Teresa's plan was not flawless. She underestimated Anke's strength
[Translated block]


"That's right. Maybe he had been planning everything since the Day of Judgment of the 20. His purpose was only one."

Miro looked up at Satan, who was destroying the world.

"To defeat that monster. He gave humans a chance through a reset called Anke, and Teraze created that possibility. So, I feel very bad."

Miro moved his lips blue and loose as he walked.

-Miro, stop now... Let's go back.

As the face of a man flashed through his head for a short moment, Miro's eyes became fierce.

"Are these bastards playing with me?"
[Translated block]