
"Then what changed? Why did they start using the dark money?"
[Translated block]


"Is it different now?"

Miro squinted one eye and clicked his tongue.

"Although I found out this time, everything started to go wrong after I entered Istas and created the wall of dimensions. When talking about the 20 judges, most of them focus on me, but outside of my sight, more things were happening."

"I guess so. It was an event that determined the fate of humanity."

It was not that he did not look back because Miro was less important than him, but the shock that spread throughout the world after the 20 judges were decided must have been enormous.

"As soon as the proposition that the Adrius family saved humanity was established, Arduino was relatively bombarded with criticism. Of course, the words of the nobles were natural, and the business and political pressure was severe. A slave who sold his soul for money. A traitor who betrayed humanity. Well, I guess he was under a lot of stress with these and those stories. And then he finally started to touch the dark funds."

"Do you resent Miro?"

"I don't know. I'm meeting him for almost 20 years. Anyway, I'll know when I go."

The two people who continued hiking for about 30 minutes arrived at the Arduino family.

The building that blended in with nature was the only evidence that Adrius's temperament remained before branching out.

The iron gate was not managed and was tangled with vines, and even the lock was not locked.

Miro walked into the unpleasant building and knocked hard on the iron handle of the wooden door.

Soon the door opened and a middle-aged man with a bald head appeared.

"What? Today is a reserved guest...."

The man's face turned pale as if he had seen a ghost when he found Miro smiling.

"You... you..."

"Long time no see, Enrique oppa."

Arduino Enrique.

He was the current head of the Arduino family and a cousin who often hung out with Miro when he was young.

"Miro, is it really you Miro?"

Enrique, who couldn't hide his surprise, suddenly calmed down.

"Sure enough, I thought this might happen someday. Was it faster than I expected?"

"You're lying. You have no insight at all."

Enrique lost his appetite.

"Yeah, actually I thought you were dead. But you haven't aged at all."

"Oppa has more belly. Oh my, look at these fat wobbling. What are you going to do with these?"

"This, this...!"

Enrique's face turned red as his belly fat was caught, and for a moment his youthful appearance overlapped.

But after all, time was time, and as soon as he finished his long-awaited reunion, a sense of distance emerged from his eyes.

"Why are you here?"

"It's sad. Is that what you say to someone who came back after 20 years?"

"You came back after 20 years, so that's it."

Despite the silent pressure that he wanted him to leave, Miro rather held his ground so that the other person would be uncomfortable.

Enrique looked at her eyes and eventually licked his tongue and turned his body to the house.

"Come in. Eat something and go."

Miro entered the mansion and laughed at the scenery that had not changed from 20 years ago.

"What's this? It's amazing."

"It's not easy. Not only the top but also the kingdom is watching now. Since Adrius disappeared, it's Arduino's turn now."

Sadness lingered on Miro's face for a moment and then left.

Enrique lay down on an old leather sofa with a fat body and took out a cigarette as a maid brought tea.

"I came here for a reason."

"Miro."

Enrique threw away a cigarette that he had only taken one sip of and leaned forward anxiously.

"Can't you just eat and go? It's been so long since I talked to you like this. Everyone in the family hates you. Please do me a favor and just go away."

"But oppa is the head of the family, right? Who would say anything if oppa says so?"

"Sigh."

Enrique buried himself in the backrest as if tired.

"Yeah, you've always been selfish since before. You never listened to me no matter how much I tried to stop you."
[Translated block]


```text
"But you had fun because of me, right?"

Enrique, who was staring at the ceiling and lost in thought, let out a faint laugh.

"So, what do you want?"

"Where's 'Goldie'? It's vacation time, right?"

Enrique raised his eyebrows.

"My son? Why are you looking for him? He's a pathetic guy who hasn't even graduated yet."

"I heard. So I thought I'd give him a little lecture."

Enrique hummed and thought while Miro smiled meaningfully.

He was the head of the Arduino family after all.

He had a lot of money and connections, and there was no way he didn't know that Miro had returned from heaven.

"I don't know what's going on, but the kid is in his room on the second floor. He hasn't come down at all for a few days."

"I'll go see him."

Miro thought that there was no point in wasting time once he understood the atmosphere of the Arduino family.

As Miro headed for the stairs with Arius, he heard the sound of a lighter on the sofa.

"......What are you going to do now?"

Miro turned around with the stairs in front of him.

He couldn't see it in his eyes, but Enrique's expression was more serious than ever as he smoked.

"Miro, you know now, right? No matter how strong you are, you'll only be used by the world in the end."

Enrique hesitated for a moment and continued.

"Change your name. Come to Arduino. Then I'll take responsibility and protect you."

Miro turned away as if it wasn't worth listening to.

"It's my choice."

"Are you still rationalizing it like that!"

Enrique jumped up.

"I was surprised when you came to see me! Not because you came back! You must have investigated it! The entire Adrius family was exterminated! You broke the only promise you made!"

"That was also their choice."

Enrique pounded his chest in frustration.

"How can you be so cruel? Don't you really have any desire for revenge, or resentment towards the world? Our family has also been under pressure since you saved humanity! Do you know why? The world is afraid of us! They used us to survive, but on the other hand, they are afraid of a second or third Miro! That's why the Adrius family disappeared, and why our family went underground!"

Enrique turned around the sofa and approached Miro.

"You shouldn't expect too much from humans. They spit out all kinds of sweet words when they need them, but they become more cruel than any creature when they don't need them. Aren't you sorry for the time you sacrificed for them?"

"I'm not sorry."

Miro lifted his head slowly and smiled at Enrique.

"Because that's Adrius."

Enrique felt his energy drain.

They were originally one bloodline, but how could they be so different?

"......Tell them to bake some meat pies. I'll come down when they're done."

It was Miro's favorite food.

Enrique changed the subject and disappeared into the living room. Miro went up the stairs and entered the corridor that turned at a right angle.

The corridor with wooden planks on the floor smelled of antiques.

He recalled his old memories and arrived at the fourth room. He was about to knock, but he smiled playfully.

"Goldie! What are you doing?"

He opened the door and entered. A handsome man was washing experimental equipment on a makeshift bench.

He turned his head calmly at the appearance of an uninvited guest, but his eyes shook as soon as he saw Miro.

He had grown up so much that Miro felt for the first time the gap of 20 years that he had not existed.

"Wow, you've grown so much? Do you remember me?"

"Whoa...... I wondered who it was."

The man who shook off the triangular flask on the sink and held it out like a toast smiled beautifully.

"Long time no see, auntie."

He was Alpheus Magic School rank 1, Arduino Fermi.
```

The next part of the story is:

```text
Miro hugged Fermi warmly and ruffled his blond hair.

"You've become so handsome. You must be popular with girls."

Fermi laughed awkwardly and scratched his cheek.

"Well... not really. I'm too busy studying magic."

Miro looked around Fermi's room with interest. There were books, papers, and various tools piled up everywhere. It looked like a laboratory rather than a bedroom.

"What are you working on?"

Fermi's eyes sparkled as he pointed to a device on his desk.

"It
[Translated block]