


[643] Dead End (3)

A star orbiting intelligence, and a satellite assisting it by orbiting that star.

Raiman became dumbfounded as he was presented with a dangerous card that was too risky to carry around as a joke.

'Ivory Tower? No, why from the Ivory Tower here?'

In the midst of not daring to ask, Olivia stepped forward.

"I am Olivia, the principal of this school. What business do you have with Shirone?"

"It's not a big deal. It's something that always happens around the world at this time."

Arte, who slightly bent her waist, leaned her face towards Shirone.

"Congratulations. You have been selected as a candidate to receive the title of Star from the Ivory Tower."

"What?"

Not only the advanced class, but even the graduating students' eyes widened.

The three major lines that divide the magical world.

It is a fact known to anyone who aspires to be a magician that there is a White line besides Black and Red.

However, because it is the Ivory Tower, it was only accepted as knowledge, and it was only the students who liked delusions who expected it to be related to their lives.

Knowing that fact, Olivia asked with a dumbfounded expression.

"Shirone... Are you saying that she is the best among the graduates worldwide?"

She didn't know the selection criteria of the Ivory Tower, but from the past, those who could receive the title of Star were always the best in some field.

Therefore, if a student is to be selected as a candidate, it should naturally be the best among the graduates.

"It's a bit different this time. The first place is a bit ambiguous. So I'm saying it's a candidate. According to the standards of the Ivory Tower, Shirone ranked fourth and will take a simple test with the second and third places to see if they are suitable for receiving the title of Star."

"Fourth...."

The fact that she was ranked by the Ivory Tower meant that she was the fourth best among the graduates worldwide.

'Shirone, you're really a monster.'

There could be no objection because he saw the graduation exam with his own eyes, and the next thought that came to mind was that there were three more people who ranked higher than such Shirone.

"Let's talk about the details separately. Originally, the selection is done by the residents of the second star, but I had to come because it is currently in orbit."

Her tone was soft, but it was also a request not to take away the time of the third star resident too long.

"Shall we go then?"

As Arte pointed to the school building with her fan, Shirone looked back at her friends.

Without anyone being the first, they nodded their heads, and Nade gestured with his fingers and mouthed.

'What are you doing! Go quickly, you idiot!'

At that desperate expression, his head naturally nodded.

"Yes, I understand."

As Arte turned her body with a satisfied smile, Raiman, who had been watching the situation, stepped forward.

"Wait a moment."

Although the voice came from behind, Arte did not look back and covered her face with a fan.

Just that alone could guess that she was a little annoyed.

"What is it?"

"No matter how much it is the Ivory Tower, isn't this an order? Currently, Shirone is a criminal who committed a serious crime in the kingdom...."

"Hoo."

Arte, who gently blew out the wind from her mouth, slowly lifted the fan that was covering her face.

"Wind Chime."

Ding dong.

A clear bell sound rang in Shirone's ears.

It was too huge to be a sound coming from a small bell hanging on a fan, and everyone seemed to have the same thought, their expressions hardened.

'Time is....'

In the feeling that it seemed to slow down, only the right arm holding the fan of Arte was moving.

"Executioner! It's dangerous!"

The bodyguards, who felt the crisis, passed in front of Raiman and drew their swords at the same time as the fan pushed the wind behind with a thud.

"Uaaaaaaaa!"

As a huge gust of wind blew, the swordsmen stuck their swords in the ground.

It felt like a wall was pushing rather than a wind, and it felt like the flesh was being peeled off from the bones.

"Uaaaaaaaa!"
[Translated block]


"Although they tried to withstand it with the pride of the vigorous security team, it was not a wind power that humans could handle, so they all flew to the other side of the sky with both feet off the ground.

The toucan hanging on Arte's shoulder brought both hands to his eyes and watched the spectacle of grass, trees, humans, and carriages all disappearing beyond the horizon.

There was nothing left in the place where a gust of wind had blown.

Even the teachers couldn't close their mouths at the power that pushed even a single blade of grass, and a chill ran down the spine of Shirone, who had been watching in front of him.

'Blow series magic.'

But can this be called a blow series?

It was a typhoon, not a wind, and it was not strange that Gauld came to mind at the power of magic of a different dimension.

"There's no such thing as the Ivory Tower."

When Arte fluttered her fan with an unpleasant expression, a small bell rang.

Although it was an act separate from magic, the students shrank their shoulders just by hearing the jingling sound.

"It seems that the transmission was not properly done. Let me say it again. Mr. Shirone has entered the candidate group to receive the title of star in the Ivory Tower."

It was the same story as before, but this time it was properly delivered.

"Go ahead. I have 187 problems in this world to solve. I hope Mr. Shirone will drop it to 186 as soon as possible."

At the feeling that he could not refuse, Shirone slowly nodded his head, and Arte turned her body exactly at a right angle and moved her steps towards Alpheus.

"Can I use the conference room?"

"Anytime."

From the school's point of view, if the Ivory Tower took the initiative, it would relieve the burden of solving Shirone's agenda.

The only worrying thing was the expression of the candidate group, not the clear candidate.

'It might be the only chance for Shirone.'

Alpheus prayed earnestly, watching Shirone and his friends entering after Arte.

'I hope you can grab this string.'

When Shirone entered the conference room, he looked back at his friends and caught Arte's eye.

"Excuse me, can my friends come with me?"

They had promised to help when the negotiations started.

"Oh, no. We can wait outside."

Amy, who was quick-witted, waved her hands, but Arte was fine as long as it ended quickly.

"If it helps in judgment, it doesn't matter. Please sit down."

Since grabbing the opportunity to join the Ivory Tower's star was more difficult than winning the king, Amy, Iruki, and Nade entered the conference room with excited expressions.

When Shirone sat down opposite Arte, the toucan jumped down on the table and crawled.

The toucan, who had thrown his tail like a window over his face, grinned at the expectation.

"Nice to meet you. You seem to be a different person than what I checked in the profile."

It was unclear whether it was a good or bad meaning.

"Oh, yes. Nice to meet you."

When Shirone gently grabbed the tail, the toucan nodded as if it was the correct answer.

In that state, Shirone asked Arte.

"Is it an evaluation? Do I take a test?"

"Don't worry. It's not a particularly difficult test. The really difficult thing is that the car scores of the two competitors are higher than Mr. Shirone."

"Car score?"

"Let me explain from the beginning. The fastest way to deliver it most accurately."

When the toucan swung its tail, blue letters were engraved in the air.

It was the record of the first to fourth place in the documents received by Taesung.

Arte looked at it and said.

"This is a record collected by the Ivory Tower. The first place is, as you can see, La Enemy. The car score is 98.7 percent. Originally, this person should receive the title of star, but……."

Arte gave time for Shirone and his friends to slowly look at the record.

It was definitely a much higher score than the 89.4 percent of Dalia Nene, who was in second place.

"La Enemy……. Wait, La Enemy?"
[Translated block]


As Shiro suddenly realized and turned his gaze, Arte nodded.

"Yes. It's the reincarnation of Anke Ra, who was erased by Shiro. It may be seen as a later life in terms of time, but the Ivory Tower sees his incarnation as a previous life. That's probably why there's still no special movement in heaven."

Shiro spoke with a serious expression.

"But if Ra is born, an incident will soon occur. Do you have any countermeasures?"

"Well, it's something humans will have to deal with on their own."

Arte added, fluttering her fan.

"The final war is certainly an important event for humanity, but it's not something that all the residents of the Ivory Tower are interested in. I'm one of them. Of course, it seems that some stars are concerned."

It was a difficult statement to understand.

"What if a war breaks out and humanity could be destroyed?"

"It's not about life and death. What the Ivory Tower values is the balance of the world. I see war as a process of restoring balance."

Arte tapped the table with her fan at the sight of Shiro frowning as if he didn't like it.

"I'm not against Shiro's thoughts. If you're interested in this side, you can become a star and work in the Human Safety Enforcement Office. After all, we are also humans, so we want to support humans as much as possible."

It was a strangely creepy statement.

Since it was an interview at the world's best workplace, Amy changed the subject to prevent a clash between the two.

"So what is this car score?"

"It's the Ivory Tower's standard for finding suitable stars. It's a metaphysical concept that's hard to explain in words, but if I had to define it, I'd say it's perfection."

Iruki tilted his head.

"Isn't everything relative? What is the standard for perfection?"

"There's no such thing as a standard. Perfection is just perfection."

It was a difficult concept to understand, but it seemed to mean perfection.

Anyway, if Shiro's 88.9 percent was a surprising figure.

'It means almost perfect.'

That's why he was able to be a candidate for the Ivory Tower.

'But......'

Amy's gaze turned to Dalia Nane and Jin Sung-eum.

If the woman with the surname Jin is from the Jincheon Empire, she would be a royal family, and Nane was 0.5 percent closer to perfection than Shiro.

"What kind of competition will Shiro have with them?"

"The Ivory Tower has made an unprecedented decision as the reincarnation of Ra's incarnation. It gives opportunities to the top three people in the car score 0.5 percent range. It's simple. Just......"

Everyone's eyes were focused on Arte's lips.

"Find Ra Enemy."

"Find... Ra?"

"Yes. There's no deadline, and the method doesn't matter. If you find Ra and return to the Ivory Tower, you become a star."

It was not a simple task to say it as easily as breathing.

Even if they decided to go find it, they had no idea where to start.

Nade asked grumpily.

"Isn't it just passing the buck under the name of a test? You're telling Shiro to find something that even the Ivory Tower can't find."

"Hahaha! That's right. There are currently 27 residents who have received the title of star in the Ivory Tower. Due to the nature of traveling around the world, there is a shortage of manpower."

"No, because of the lack of manpower......"

"But Shiro."

Arte cut off Nade's words and leaned in.

"Becoming a star means having absolute authority beyond the nation. Even the king must follow the standards you set."

That's the Ivory Tower.

"If you can't even find Ra, you can't receive the title of a star. What do you think? If you're going to take the test, I'll contact the top."

Shiro, who had been lost in thought with half-closed eyes, raised his head.

"No. I won't go to the Ivory Tower."

"What, what?"

His friends looked at him with incredulous eyes, but Shiro was unshaken.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]