


[342] The Protagonist of Life (2)

Talent or whatever, it was just an excuse from the beginning.

Their heads were full of magic from the start, so there was no room for things like success or fame.

They wanted to win. They didn't want to lose in the competition. And in the end, they wanted to be the best magician.

Dante's eyes sparkled as he saw the Inferno. It was a powerful magic that he couldn't see in the graduation exam.

'He used self-memory to lower the entropy. If it's Hongan, it would be close to 0 percent. That would work.'

"Dante, Dante."

Lilia, who was kneeling, called Dante behind her with a trembling voice.

"What's wrong? Is there a problem?"

"Is it really... okay to do this? Can we succeed?"

"Why are you asking me that?"

Lilia turned her head and looked up at Dante. Her face was tearful, and she seemed to have a lot of inner conflict.

"You always make sure choices! So tell me! I'll feel relieved if you tell me."

Dante understood her feelings. In a battle, a magician's calmness is as important as a swordsman's conviction. Fear comes from anxiety, not crisis. When they can analyze the situation objectively, their comrades can fight with courage.

"I'm not optimistic. But I'm not pessimistic either."

It was literally two sides of a coin. And this was the minimum probability that a magician could try something.

"Shirone's chance of pushing him back is 50 percent. My defensive magic circle's chance of working is 50 percent. Amy's magic's chance of hitting the enemy is 50 percent. You know what kind of situation that is when you add up the three cases, right?"

Lilia, who was mumbling Dante's words, opened her eyes wide and lifted her head as if she realized something.

"Then, 150 percent?"

Dante gave a bitter smile.

"......Don't be a magician."

Distance to Park Yo-jin's installation point, 220 meters.

Shirone fired photon cannons into oblivion. The flashes shooting over his back were blinding. The magic amplifiers embedded in both hands were glowing red-hot.

"Kraaaaaaa!"

The waist of Cheonsugwanseum bent and pushed back to the ground.

Remaining distance, 200 meters.

Joker, who looked at the huge Cheonsugwanseum that seemed to crash at any moment, felt his legs tremble.

'Is that Shirone......'

The person who overwhelmed Dante, the kingdom's best defense, with firepower.

He had thought that he was just a student level. He couldn't bear the inferiority complex otherwise.

But the photon cannon he saw with his own eyes was powerful enough that not even ordinary pros could use it.

They couldn't be better than pros in every aspect, but at least one thing was already at pro level.

That was the students of the five great schools.

Remaining distance, 170 meters.

"He's in! I'm going to make a second barrier!"

Dante trapped Cheonsugwanseum in a hexahedral mansion. Only information was accumulated on the inside of the magic circle, so attacks from outside did not apply. On the other hand, Cheonsugwanseum, who was trapped in a narrow wall, struggled hard.

"Kreuuuuuu!"

Dante's face crumpled. He was dragging the mansion down to the ground with Cheonsugwanseum trapped inside, but the resistance was stronger than expected. Especially the fireballs spreading in all directions were powerful enough to destroy the defensive magic circle structured with maximum durability within 30 seconds.

Remaining distance, 120 meters.

Dante shouted with a flushed face.

"Amy! Now!"

"I got it!"

Amy jumped up from her seat and swung both hands, and a huge Inferno left its owner's hand and moved away. The slow-moving fireball followed the coordinates of self-memory without error and hit Cheonsugwanseum hard.

"Kraaaaaaa!"

As Cheonsugwanseum's body burned, Dante felt a little less pressure. Fire magic had an advantage over photon cannons in that it could cause continuous shock.

Remaining distance, 40 meters.
[Translated block]


Lilia shouted as she lowered her head.

"It's not enough! We can't trap Bak Yojin like this!"

The burning Thousand Hands Kwanseum screamed wildly as he scratched the magic circle inside the mansion. Eventually, the magic circle reached its limit and shattered like glass.

Lilia's face was soaked in misery.

"It's over. The demigod will go out into the world."

"No, it's not over."

Lilia looked up at the sky. Shirone, who was gathering light in both hands, was looking down at the Thousand Hands Kwanseum from above. As the light in her hand grew, it looked like there was another sun in the sky.

"Yaaaaaa!"

Shirone fired the photon cannon with all her strength. A giant flash of one meter in diameter hit the side of the Thousand Hands Kwanseum.

Remaining distance, 30 meters.

"Kraaaaa!"

The Thousand Hands Kwanseum flailed his arm and kicked. But he couldn't withstand the mass that kept coming in with his own law.

Remaining distance, 20 meters.

"Now! Start!"

Lilia clasped her hands and prayed.

May evil perish. May everyone live happily. May there be a paradise of goodness without hunger, murder, or adultery. She didn't care if her body was torn into a thousand pieces, ten thousand pieces, or if she fell into hell and suffered forever for being hated by the devil. She would smile if she could achieve a world for everyone. She would be a fertilizer for the world. She would gladly go to the dirtiest place and roll her body if everyone could have a good will.

She shed tears like a waterfall. Her willpower that transcended the limits of crime drew in the energy of the totem buried in the old ruins. The gold magic circle disappeared and Bak Yojin, who was 10 meters in diameter, revealed his shape.

"I command you in the name of Lilia! Evil, sleep here!"

Lilia's pupils burned gold. The tears evaporated and a pillar of light made of law pierced the sky.

&nbsp;"Kraaaa!"

As the flash of the photon cannon pushed him, the Thousand Hands Kwanseum screamed and waved dozens of hands.

Remaining distance, 10 meters.

"Uaaaaa!"

Shirone felt the output of the photon cannon decrease. But she amplified the flash by pulling up the power again through mental transcendence.

Remaining distance.

0 meters.

As soon as the Thousand Hands Kwanseum entered Bak Yojin's territory, Lilia concentrated all her willpower on one place.

"Kiyaaaaaa!"

The strongest gold magic law of Akeanis Sect.

Jade King Bak Yojin.

Two arms made of light twisted like pretzels and grabbed the Thousand Hands Kwanseum and pulled him to the ground.

"Kraa! Kra! Kraaaaa!"

The Thousand Hands Kwanseum resisted desperately. There was no reason for evil law to exist in a space filled with good will. But that he resisted was clear evidence that he was a demigod.

'But it's over now! Just a little more, just a little more...!'

When Lilia thought it was over, she heard footsteps. Vivian ran past her and headed for Bak Yojin.

"Ice Queen!"

Dante's face twisted.

"That idiot!"

Lilia shouted in shock with her eyes wide open.

"Don't approach! You'll be dragged in!"

Bak Yojin was different from gold magic circle.

Because she concentrated her good will in a narrow area, anyone who was slightly biased towards evil would inevitably fall into hell.

Vivian heard Lilia's voice clearly. But she never stopped running.

"This is it. This is my last act."

It was a life that no one paid attention to. But the Ice Queen gave her hope that she could be the protagonist. Even if she was a monster in reality, even if her kindness and consideration came from ignorance, it was the only spotlight for Vivian.

Vivian's tears drifted away from her eyes.

What would happen if she went into Bak Yojin? Maybe only silence after the play would last forever.

But she wasn't afraid. She would meet the Ice Queen. She would hold her hand and greet the audience. She would shout to the world that she was grateful for watching a wonderful performance.
[Translated block]


"Yaaah!"

As tears blurred her vision, Vivian kicked the ground and threw herself into the Okwang Pakyojin.

"Vivian! Come back!"

Joker cried out in agony.

She was a sensitive child. Maybe her heart had broken in front of a situation she couldn't be responsible for.

But it couldn't end like this.

It was all his fault.

If he hadn't drunk and gone into the Ice Queen's nature, or if he hadn't cared about Amy, she wouldn't have made such an extreme choice.

"Viviaaan!"

Joker's scream couldn't hold Vivian back. It was Amy who caught her. Amy, who flew and hugged Vivian, barely avoided the Bongmajin and fell. At the same time, Cheonsugwanseum crashed into the Okwang Pakyojin as if buried. The sound of scratching the ground with hundreds of nails was ominous.

"Kraaaah!"

The onlookers shuddered at the force of the earth splitting. But they couldn't overcome the logic of the Okwang Pakyojin with their terrible power.

It was a mysterious and strange power of yulbeop.

Cheonsugwanseum sank into the abyss of yulbeop, leaving only thousands of nail marks behind.

Then Vivian, who had been watching with tears, turned her head to Amy and shouted.

"Let go! Let go of me! I'm going in too!"

"You're crazy! If you go in there, you'll die!"

"When did you care about me? Do you know my feelings? How can you, who have lived like a protagonist all your life, know my miserable feelings?"

"So you're going to die? Because you're miserable?"

"No, I'm going to torment you until the end! I'll never let you succeed! This is the only time I'm the protagonist!"

"Stop talking nonsense, idiot! Where is there a protagonist who gives up their life so easily!"

Amy's voice pierced Vivian's eardrums.

"Everyone fights hard! But they fight to the end to become protagonists! If you give up, if you give up......!"

As she spoke, Amy choked up. She was also someone who wanted to be a protagonist more than anyone else.

"That's when you become nothing."

The feeling of being kicked out of the spotlight of the world.

When everyone looked at only the passers-by, Amy was crying alone in her room.

No one looked at her.

But now she seemed to know.

She had to fight anyway.

Even if what awaited her was a bad ending, she wouldn't be qualified for the lead role if she didn't fight to the end.

Vivian, who didn't know why Amy suddenly got excited, made a blank expression and opened her mouth to say something.

"I......"

Then the floor started to vibrate. Vivian turned her head and then everyone looked at the Okwang Pakyojin.

Shirone shouted as soon as he landed on the ground.

"It's not over yet!"

Dozens of hands rose from the Okwang Pakyojin. As they bent at the same time and pushed the floor away, Cheonsugwanseum's face came up again.

"I am! The ruler of the world!"

Shirone's party turned pale. They hadn't completely defeated the power of the Okwang Pakyojin yet, but they didn't know what would happen as time passed.

"Did you catch Yulbeopja? You were lucky."

Shirone turned his head in surprise.

A woman with blond hair that was bubbling up, dark skin, and a suit that clung to her body was standing there.

It was Ahoya Gangnan, the deputy secretary-general of the Magic Association.

"Who are you?"

Gangnan took off her high heels as she walked towards Cheonsugwanseum. And as she passed Shirone's party, she said.

"Get out of the way. You might get hurt."

Lilia shouted.

"Wait! You can't go in recklessly! If you can't handle yulbeop, you'll be drawn into Pakyojin's power!"

Gangnan didn't hesitate at all and pushed herself into the Okwang Pakyojin. She didn't know whether she was a human who leaned towards good or evil. But her faith as a Ramuayi from birth was not weak enough to be shaken by yulbeop.
[Translated block]


"Kraaaa! Kraaaaaa!"

Cheonsugwanseum was repeating the ascent and descent while scratching the floor like a person who fell into the sea.
[Translated block]