


Two Systems (2)

Within the Force Dimension, Shiron dominated space-time, and it seemed that no one could break the absoluteness of that dimension.

Shiron and Fermi were two giant axes controlling the battlefield, and the participants could not think beyond these two people.

"It's tense. Shiron and Fermi, both are unshaken."

Etelra responded to Shina's words.

"Fermi is dealing with more numbers. Conversely, you could say that the participants are more reluctant to Shiron."

Alpheus, sitting crookedly, raised one corner of his mouth.

"The water has risen. I'm the strongest."

There would have been no teacher who did not doubt his ears when those words first came out of Shiron's mouth.

"I've already broken through the limit of tension. Probably there's no thought other than passing."

"No."

Alpheus's thoughts differed from Olivia's.

"He doesn't even have that in his mind anymore."

As 200 wildness overlapped, creating a wall of matter that made even the term mass wave pale, Konger and Prings staggered.

'It feels like I've been hit by a lump of iron.'

If it were reality, the body would have been shattered first.

"Shiron!"

Canis, who cast Limit of Abyss, rushed in with a temporary Immortal Function state.

'I win! In the name of my master!'

As the giant Dark Worm, realized by the power of darkness, swooped down in an arch, Shiron's movement faltered.

"That, that!"

Poltar flinched, but Miro was relaxed.

"It's not a rhythm that breaks down to this extent."

Cracks occurred in the shadow of the Dark Worm, and the wildness exploded, completely clearing the darkness.

"Victory of full power."

Arin's mind, who cast Mind Control, was destroyed as it counterattacked by the spirit of Geumgangtae.

"Victory of mental power."

Shining Chain completely destroyed Konger's strong line and hit the solar plexus.

"Victory of delicacy."

Homing Photon Cannon bypassed the ice wave and mercilessly bombarded Prings.

"Victory of sensitivity."

Elizabeth shivered at Baikal's evaluation.

"He's overwhelming in all areas."

The situation where competitors' organs were suppressed by the same organs seemed unrealistic to the scouts.

"Why wouldn't he have been angry."

Alpheus, who was once called a genius, could understand Shiron's heart.

"Why wouldn't he have wanted to give up. He's a human too."

Shiron, who was pushing the enemies alone, gritted his teeth and fired a photon cannon.

'I can't become a wizard!'

There were 20 years of time he thought.

"Cough!"

- Participant number 6. Exited from the two thousand system.

With Konger starting to lose consciousness, Shiron's flash rushed in faster.

- Participant number 12. Exited from the two thousand system.

Canis fell.

- Participant number 8. Exited from the two thousand system.

Arin knelt.

"Mental power continues to recover. 46 percent. 48 percent."

The triad of mind, spirit, and body endlessly circulated around the avatar, achieving infinite power.

"It seems to be asking if I've done my best."

Albino said with a meaningful smile.

"It seems to be asking if you know the time I've lived."

Elizabeth's voice grew louder.

"Participant number 18! 20! Dropped out!"

Binder and Suabi, swallowed by the Force Dimension, lost consciousness and fell due to Shiron's blow.

'Everyone's dying, just.'

Ruman fled the Force Dimension, and Prings, the only survivor in Shiron's rhythm, didn't dare approach twice.

"The situation is getting interesting."

Miro's gaze turned to Fermi.

'What will you do? If this goes on, you... really get eaten?'

If Shiron completes his system, all participants would have launched a total attack on Fermi.

'Hmm, is this a graduation exam?'
[Translated block]


"Nevertheless, Fermi was relaxed, and Hershey, who was pushing him, frowned as if he was tired.

"Monster-like guy."

Even with the addition of Lycon and Richard, former members of Geumhwalyn, the situation was still under Fermi's control.

At that moment, Fermi's cold gaze targeted Hershey.

"It's a kid's game. Something like two thousand."

Disaster Magic-Black Death (Black Death).

Dark smoke rose from Fermi's body and spread all around.

"What...!"

The teachers jumped up and the scout's eyes bulged.

"That's black magic, isn't it?"

"I thought it was already lost."

It was the magic of the witch Carnes, a magician of the Black Line, who once traveled around the world and massacred as many as 3 million people.

Fermi tore his mouth wickedly.

"This is the power of money."

Smoke exploded from the center and black spirits sprang from the outskirts of the cloud.

"Evade! It's over if you get hit!"

All the participants escaped outside the smoke, but few avoided the spirits.

"Number 15 (Closer) dropout! Number 23 (Hershey) dropout! Number 13 (Dorothy) dropout! Number 19 (Pandora) dropout!"

Scouts began to review the rules in a situation where four people dropped out at the same time.

"Can black magic be used?"

If it were reality, the participants who were hit by the spirits would have died in pain as their flesh rotted.

"There is no problem with the regulations as long as it can be implemented by two thousand. However, it is a magic that has been banned by the Red Line, so I think there will be some talk later."

Lara said.

"Black Death is evil because it cannot arbitrarily designate targets. That's why it's strong. The dropouts will be furious."

"You can't say it's bad luck."

Baikal looked at Shiro and Fermi alternately and said.

"Anyway, they chose number one."

When the effect of Black Death disappeared, the battle entered a lull.

The minds of the participants were complicated because nine people were eliminated due to the attacks of Shiro and Fermi.

'There are only 16 survivors left.'

If six more people fall, graduation is guaranteed.

'I can't believe I've come this far.'

Maya, who had to bear the stigma of being the first dropout in the graduation exam every year, was thrilled.

Although she benefited from the system of Fermi and Shiro, the important issue for her was not.

"Chief, I think my sister might pass."

The mysterious tribesmen sitting in the corner of the audience seat clasped their hands with desperate eyes.

"Maya......"

Although he was ignorant of magic, the chief could confirm that Maya's skills were lacking.

'Poor child.'

Maya was a genius, but the battlefield dominated by coldness was not where she should be.

'You must pass.'

She could comply with fate for the sake of the tribesmen, but reality was cruel.

'It's Maya.'

'I have to eliminate Maya first.'

In a situation where the probability of passing increases dramatically if only one person falls, it is a standard to remove the weakest Maya.

When Pisho, Luman, and Sabina attacked from three directions, Maya felt as if her eyes were dark.

'I can't fall here!'

At the moment when she gritted her teeth with a desperate determination, Kaiden blocked Maya's front and began to attack the three people.

"Why?"

The most incomprehensible thing in this graduation exam was Kaiden's response.

He had heard rumors that the faction centered on Fermi had been disbanded, but the biggest reason why she, who was not very skilled, could come this far was because Kaiden always appeared at a decisive moment and preemptively occupied the position.

'It's a coincidence.'

In the graduation exam where personal feelings are not allowed, there was no reason for Kaiden to fight for her, who is not particularly close.

"The confrontation structure is getting complicated."

It was the biggest turning point in the graduation exam, and it was the moment when the distinction of Pia truly disappeared.

'Rapid Stream!'"
[Translated block]


Thick blue water swirled around Pony and swept violently in all directions.

'Mother, are you watching? Your daughter is pioneering her own future.'

"Total weight 4.2 tons. Rapid coefficient 3.3. Kinetic energy per unit area is 983 watts per cubic meter."

Elizabeth analyzed, but Baikal did not respond.

"Please evaluate. Currently, only the 11th evaluation grade is not recorded."

"......S."

"Huh?"

Lara turned her head in surprise.

"There was an order from above."

Pony was a royal family.

"But......"

"The authority of the royal family surpasses the authority of the association. Record it as S."

Baikal was not happy with the situation either.

"It's the reality of royal rule. From now on, don't analyze the 11th. Regardless of what grade you give, all magical institutions under the kingdom will bow their heads and take it."

"......Understood."

When Lara wrote it down in her notebook, Baikal added a word.

"Of course, you have to pass first."

It was a foolish choice to rush to Shirone and Fermi when the final 10th place came into sight, and no one was eliminated in the fierce eye fight.

'I'm sure I'll graduate.'

Fermi, who had already finished assessing the situation, leisurely crossed the chaotic battlefield, waiting for others to self-destruct.

"Huh?"

Then the flash of the photon cannon rushed in.

'Ghost Movement!'

Seeing Shirone flying in his eyes as he bent his upper body with an automatic reaction algorithm,

'I won't let you pass, Fermi.'

A wickedness was contained in Fermi's eyes, who read Shirone's thoughts.

'You're a great fool!'

When the two people who received an S grade in the scout's evaluation collided head-on, the audience's attention was focused.

There could be no disagreement with Fermi's skill, who dealt with quantum superposition like magic using numerous high-level magics.

"It's definitely number one."

The more it was, the more Shirone's anger grew.

'I can't forgive you!'

All the magic that Fermi used were things bought with the defeat of students who had done their best for 6 years.

'Yeah, I know. I must hate me.'

Fermi, who had imagined Shirone's anger, came up with a more evil thought in a creepy thrill.

'If winning is blocking the opponent's desire......'

Disaster Magic-Black Death.

'Laugh and pass, Shirone!'

Black smoke rose, and the demons born in the evil energy spread out in all directions.

If you eliminate 6 people here, even if Shirone kills him, he can't stop passing.

'Darkness!'

When as many as 200 Shirones cast darkness at the same time, the smoke of Black Death was sucked in like a whirlpool.

'You're really desperate, Shirone.'

Fermi, who chuckled and rushed towards Shirone,

'Even so, you can't eliminate me. No magic works unless it's Ataraxia.'

At that moment, the incarnation of the light angel soared up from Shirone's body, which had destroyed the force dimension.

"What, what is that?"

The spectators' eyes widened at the sight of the first physical appearance of the incarnation that had only been spreading through the time axis.

'More! Faster!'

As the sequence raced at a terrifying speed, the light angel, who had spread its wings wide, flew high into the sky.

"It finally integrates."

Miro's eyes sparkled.

It was the moment when the true incarnation technique, Shirone's whole particle of God, was grafted onto the incarnation of the light angel.

The light angel, who had flown to the top of the colosseum, aimed at the ground with a spear, and the enormous kinetic energy began to concentrate on the spear as the time axis turned into a space axis.

'What is that?'

Fermi, who had been staring blankly at the light angel, cast teleportation when he realized something.

"This, this......!"

Incarnation Technique-Angel's Punishment.

The spear that the light angel stabbed down connected the beginning and end of the coordinates with a line of light at a speed that could not be caught with the eyes.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]