


[444] Full Moon Day (8)

"Kiki! Humans are fun. Their emotions show in their eyes."

Garas, who had pinned down Flu, stuck out his long tongue.

To the one who was born late and had all his breeding mates taken away by his brothers, the human in front of him was the best prey.

As Garas said, Flu's eyes were filled with fear. But it was not fear of the horrible thing that was about to happen.

He had a vague guess.

The constant headache and the feeling of something being cut off somewhere, but not clearly.

Maybe that was the case, or rather, he was sure that he would have made that judgment even if he was his original body.

Death is a very personal thing. The fear of extinction comes equally to both the original and the clone.

That's why Flu was able to smile dryly with death in front of him, because he was satisfied that he had fulfilled his duty as a magician.

"Here, eat this."

Garas didn't know what it meant for a human to raise his middle finger.

In that brief moment of doubt, Flu's eyes slowly closed.

'Shirone, be a great magician.'

He probably wrote down evidence that he was a clone in the document Shirone saw.

'Thank you for saying that.'

He said he would come to save him.

He was happy that he recognized him as a Flu, not a cloned creature, until the end.

The life span of a clone is only a week.

But it was a great life.

Flu's hand fell weakly to the floor, and Garas realized that the creature underneath him had become an object.

Breeding is ultimately a desire to preserve the species. He felt no interest in a being that could not bear offspring.

But he couldn't stand the emotional drop as much as the excitement that peaked.

"Kraaaaaa!"

Garas grabbed Flu's neck and threw him against the wall, then lifted his upper body and roared loudly.

Creature! He needed a creature!

His sense of smell, which showed extreme evolution in matters related to breeding, detected another creature far away.

"I won't miss this time!"

Garas's afterimage stretched long along the corridor like a black wind, following the smell of the creature.

* * *

Reysis struggled with all his might.

But his muscles were being dissolved by plasma, and his arms and legs were moving in directions unrelated to his will.

'No! I have to turn it back!'

The current Shirone trapped in glass case 1 is Type B equipped with Ultima System.

And since he's set as the main type, all organic matter will merge around Shirone if this happens.

'How did you survive?'

He couldn't believe the situation even after seeing Flu with his own eyes.

Whether he could get out of the glass case, how things got like this, and whether the woman in front of him was really Flu.

He thought he had to think, but only a few questions kept circling around in a loop of recursion.

Flu, who modified the Fuzix machine, slowly turned around. Almost at the same time, the plasma rose to the end and covered Reysis.

He walked calmly toward the glass case. Reysis's palm hit the inside with a thud!

Reysis leaned his face forward. He had a surprised expression because his eyelids had disappeared and his pupils were still swirling with unanswered questions.

Flu showed him his right ring finger. The place where he should have worn Cubric was much lighter than other skin colors.

'Then what about your original body? But when did you...'

The point when Flu took off Cubric was a week ago from now, when Shirone broke into the underground laboratory while he was away.

She looked around the clone isolation room and sensed what Reysis intended to do by accepting Shirone at headquarters.

He uses Flu, who has genes from the same world as Shirone, to mass-produce Shirone's clones.

And if Garas's traits are added, it is also possible to grow clones at an accelerated rate to adulthood.
[Translated block]


```
Fusion machine, memory transfer device, she embarked on a thought after examining the traits of various creatures.

She transfers the original's memory to the clone trapped in the isolation room.

The task of cutting off the last memory and handing over the drone and cubic to the clone and then entering the isolation room by herself to wait for a chance of counterattack was a physical and psychological hard work, but the effect was powerful.

The most perfect way to beat the opponent is to stab them in the back.

It was a tactic that used psychological squares against the entire headquarters, as the assassin's saying that even a god can be killed if there is a square.

'No way, were you hiding in the isolation room?'

Lacis looked at Flu with a blank expression.

Why didn't he suspect it once?

The cubic he always wore when he had a physical examination. The thought that translation was impossible without a drone was unconsciously laid down and there was no room to accept new situations.

"Stop making that pathetic expression and disappear, you devil."

Lacis, who was submerged in liquid, could not hear Flu's words properly. But a much stronger emotion surged than what he heard.

'How dare you do this...!'

Lacis gritted his teeth. The teeth that were soft like rubber crumbled in an instant.

"It doesn't matter what you do! It's all one anyway! I have perfect beauty! I won!"

Ignoring Lacis's scream swallowed by water, Flu ran to glass ball number 1 containing Sirone and knocked on the wall.

"Sirone, wake up! Sirone!"

When he escaped from the isolation room and arrived here, the liquor of Ilhwa was already in progress.

He thought he had to cancel it first, but that was too emotional judgment.

If he cancels it when Sirone is more than half decomposed into plasma, there is nothing to gain.

Rather, let it proceed as it is, but change the main type to Sirone. Then, even if he becomes a monster, he can continue the project.

Sirone will understand too.

Because he is a magician.

"Sirone! Sirone!"

But as much as his heart, he was earnestly praying for Sirone to wake up and do something right now.

The moment Flu's voice was transmitted through the liquid medium, Sirone's heart, which had stopped, twitched slightly.

Unlike Lacis, who had melted 70%, Sirone's body was not damaged yet because it was protected by Arman.

Arman, who integrated with Sirone through the Ultima system, tried the last method with his basic nature for life.

When he gave a shock strong enough to burst his heart, Sirone's body bounced roughly in the water.

Another shock came in, and again when his heart was pressed, his pupils opened wide and air leaked out of his mouth.

"Cough! Cough!"

Shocked by coming out of death state, Sirone flailed his arms and legs and struggled.

A dull impact sound came from the glass wall and Flu's voice was faintly heard.

'Senior?'

She is alive. As soon as he reached that one fact, he quickly regained his sanity.

It was a mental recovery speed that would have been impossible if he had not experienced the second stage of survival test Bingok.

'Coldly. The coldest mental state.'

Only then did he feel Arman melting away. That means he is trapped in a glass ball and will be absorbed by Lacis if this continues.

'Cast frenzy...?'

As soon as he tried to break out of the glass ball and escape, his memory connected just before death and hastily reversed his judgment.

Lacis is a four-sided Mara that he has never heard of before.

Even if he escapes now after losing one battle already, he will only become stronger Lacis's prey.

Although the process is different, Sirone reached the same conclusion as Flu and withdrew his spirit zone and instead strengthened Arman.

'Hold on. Just hold on!'

He didn't know what mind would be dominant when Ilhwa's liquor ended, but Arman equipped with Ultima system was enough to compete with four-sided Mara.

As Arman's organic matter regenerated to its limit, it protected Sirone's body from plasma.
```
[Translated block]


And finally, when he endured for a minute, the plasma began to leak out of the bottom of the glass ball.

"Krrrr!"

Shirone pulled out Armand from below as if breaking the shell and metamorphosing, and rose above the water.

He had saved his life, but the result was not guaranteed.

If Armand loses control to Laysis, what will be created in the central glass tube will be the devil itself, not the magic sword.

Kuuuuuuuu!

Laysis opened his eyes at the sound of burning air. Everything was clear in liquid state.

The fluctuating fluidity, the electrical stimulation that triggers life, Icarus's Valhalla action, Jinmaishikjong Galtomic's magic power, Ringer's solid armor, everything was integrated and rushed in at once.

Everything in the world is one.

Beautiful things, ugly things, weren't they all started from one in the first place?

As the blue light came down from afar and dyed the whole world silver, Laysis smiled happily.

His appearance before meeting Satan was reflected in the reflected light.

Snow-white skin, slightly more developed breasts than others, firm thighs...

'Hehe. But my feet are still ugly.'

Laysis shed clear tears.

It was the most beautiful appearance he had ever wanted, so desperately wanted.

'Now... it's done.'

The blue light burned like a flash and everything returned to one.

"Cough! Cough!"

With Flue's help, Shirone escaped from the glass ball and vomited all the murky liquid.

It was so painful that his stomach seemed to melt.

"Shirone, are you okay?"

"No. It hurts so much. But how are you..."

Then the glass tube in the center flashed and one drink of alcohol ended.

Shirone and Flue stopped talking and looked nervously as the glass tube opened with a clatter.

Armand was showing off his figure shining in rainbow colors.

"Success, it's a success."

Armand's Ultima system worked as a main type and integrated other traits.

There was no time to be happy, Shirone walked. His stomach was so bad that he had to activate Geumgangmu as soon as possible.

Kwaaaaang!

The laboratory door was smashed and all kinds of Garas poured in. There were no more breeding targets left in the underground laboratory, so it was natural that everyone flowed here.

"Kieek! Kiiiiik!"

Hundreds of Garas engulfed in lust were excited to their highest level in their lives.

Shirone grabbed Armand at the same time as Flue activated Bonghwajeong.

Even without Phoenix, Bonghwajeong's power was great, but Garas burned to death and rushed in even without death.

"Kiki! I found it."

Flue, who was blocking Garas with all his might, turned his eyes to where the door was.

All Garas stopped attacking and opened their way to one Garas who had just arrived.

Flue's upper body leaned forward by Dorkins algorithm and a tremendous load was transmitted.

He could only see a dark afterimage passing by. When it came to speed alone, he had to admit that he surpassed her.

"Kiki! It's fun as expected
[Translated block]


```
"Kraaaak!"

At that moment, Garas stopped. His shoulders were completely narrowed as if tied to a line, and he screamed with his upper body bowed. Flue quickly turned around.

Shirone, who had activated the Diamond Armor, was staring at Garas with a terrible look.

"Antithesis?"

It was a completely different form of Diamond Armor than what she had known so far.
```
[Translated block]