


[303] The Secret of the Abyss (4)

Amy shouted with red eyes.

"This kid! How dare you make a barricade with the owner's belongings, you thief? If you're a mage, fight me fair and square! Why, are you scared of losing to me?"

"Haha! Why bother when there's such a level difference? Especially Armin, I know you're not in a normal state."

Arius touched the statue.

"The rehearsal is over. The reason I waited for you before the main show was because I wanted to share this historic moment with you all. It will be a sight you'll never see in your lifetime, so enjoy watching it."

He cast the scale magic Resizing and the 8-meter-tall statue of Ataraxia shrank to the size of a chess unit.

Zion's eyes sparkled when the archangel's statue became a figure.

That size would be easy to carry around. He could use Ataraxia anytime, anywhere.

"Hmm, this is splendid. Well then..."

"That kid! That's Sirone's! If you touch it, I won't let you off!"

Zion felt his mood soar at Amy's clenched teeth.

"Haha! What can you do? You can't do anything anyway. Just watch as Ataraxia becomes mine."

Arius lifted his upper body with a grunt as he grabbed the archangel's figure.

But for some reason, it didn't budge at all.

He exerted his strength until his face turned red, but it was useless.

"......"

Arius let go of the figure and stepped back.

He looked around at the people who were paying attention to him and laughed awkwardly.

"Hahaha!"

Why isn't it moving?

Resizing is reducing the scale of space, so it has nothing to do with mass. It's like a small pebble for a human is a huge rock for an ant.

'But I still can't lift it. A dimension that transcends mass? No, there can't be a dimension that surpasses scale magic. Then what's the problem?'

Zion pushed Arius aside and took his place.

"Move. What are you fussing about over this?"

Arius left Zion alone. The kid's strength wouldn't be any different, but Armand could exert a force comparable to Schema.

"Anyway, these mages..."

Zion licked his tongue and bent his waist.

He grabbed the archangel's figure and squeezed his wrist with his other hand. Armand reacted immediately.

&nbsp;-Muscle enhancement system activated. Energy metabolism rate increased. Muscle fiber quality enhanced. Operating joints flexible. Ligament tensile strength increased. Force center point reset.

"Ugh!"

Zion lifted his waist straight up with Ataraxia in his grip and was surprised by the unexpected weight.

But he was also overflowing with strength from Armand's muscle enhancement program. He felt like he could move a house-sized rock if he wanted to.

Zion straightened his bent knees and pulled his upper body up.

Finally, the archangel's figure began to rise by a finger's length.

"We can't let this happen! We have to get in there and get it back!"

Amy shouted, but Armin only watched Zion's movements.

He was also a scale mage, so he knew. It wasn't that Ataraxia was heavy and couldn't be lifted. There was some other rule at work besides mass.

'What's going on here?'

Zion succeeded in lifting Ataraxia up to his waist.

"I did it! Now, this is mine......!"

At that moment, a scream-like metallic sound rang out and the ceiling turned red. The peaceful temple changed into a precarious atmosphere in an instant.

The archangel's figure unleashed a shockwave and Zion and Arius flew to where the wall was. On the other hand, Armin's group was safe thanks to the mental barrier breaking and absorbing the shock.

Zion regained his balance with Armand's help.

His pride was ignited and he ran towards Ataraxia again. Arius, who was leaning against the wall, shouted.
[Translated block]


```text
"No! Don't go near!"

As a magic circle was engraved on the floor, a curtain of light sprang up in a cylindrical shape to protect the figure. Then, the ancient language of heaven began to be quickly engraved on the surface of the curtain.

"We have to hurry and get Ataraxia back!"

Reina ran to prepare with an arrow on her bowstring. But Armin stretched out his arm and blocked her charge.

"Wait a minute! That's a seal circle."

If alchemy developed magic in an engineering way, the seal circle was the result of developing magic in a spiritual way.

Magicians do not recognize the dichotomous distinction between good and evil, but the religious world has imprisoned countless beings defined as evil in seal circles.

Arius also realized that it was the process of unsealing the seal and tensed up.

'Why is there a seal circle in Siro's ritual?'

It is impossible to engrave something without a trace in the fetal psychology that takes place in the womb.

Even if you possess it, there should be a statue like Ataraxia. Maybe it's a mutation that occurred when Siro was pregnant.

But the possibility of a logical compound like a seal circle appearing at level 1 was lower than the probability of parts swept away by the wind assembling themselves into a carriage.

The golden ancient languages ​​climbing up the curtain of light finished the process. As the programming disappeared, a sentence was written in the center of the cylinder.

Arius quickly translated the language of heaven.

'La Hadamah Judran Arab, Ya Ahud Min Al-Fawud. O King of Chaos, tear down the wall of boundaries. I don't know what it is, but it won't be cute. Right?'

A new sentence was written below the sentence.

The seal circle must have the signature of the sealer. It is like the exorcists' 'I command you in the name of so-and-so'. And this was proof that Siro's security system was an artificial design.

"What...?"

Armin and Arius, who could read ancient languages, froze.

The line of light that seemed to be written by a person's handwriting slowly drew a period next to the designer's name.

The name of the lost one was engraved.

&nbsp;McClain Gopin

Master of Avatar (1)

'It doesn't make sense! It doesn't make sense! It doesn't make sense!'

Arius' head spun at its fastest ever. It was an emotion made up of 80% excitement, 19% fear, and 1% denial.

Gopin's seal circle is clearly a security device to prevent grave robbing of fetal psychology. Otherwise, there is no way to explain why he has been silent until now.

'But why... Why? No, why?'

Level 1 is an area at the genetic level. How can Gopin's ruins be hidden here?

Gopin's results ended 18 years ago. Then when was the seal circle made?

Arius recalled Siro's age.

'Eighteen years old. But what kind of eighteen-year-old? Before reset? After reset?'

There is no way to know. But Arius had a thought similar to blind faith.

'Could it be at reset time?'

The crack field verification experiment proves the discrepancy between time and energy. Although it is only a fleeting discrepancy, it causes the universe to face cracks.

There is no guarantee that Siro was born from a crack. There is no plausibility, nor evidence to support the fact.

But Arius was captivated by a strong conviction.

If Gopin really designed the security system, no existing magician would be able to release it.

But why didn't he install it at level 11 where interference from others is most severe?

'Because he had no choice.'

It was installed in the state of fetus or embryo.

'Was grave robbing impossible from the beginning?'

No diver other than Arius could break through Gopin's seal circle.

But he still didn't give up hope.

'It depends on what comes out of there.'

The being trapped in the seal circle showed its face above the magic circle.

It resembled a rhinoceros and its skin was keratin. It was covered with bumpy thorns that even knives couldn't penetrate. It had seven eyes, one in the center and three on each side.
```
[Translated block]


```text
The leg that broke through the seal and popped out touched the ground.

As the monster pulled out its body, the floor of the temple collapsed and poured down to the ground.

It was a mistake to estimate the size by the face alone. The body was 100 times bigger than the face. The belly was swollen with evil, and there were thousands of horns bent like lightning on its back.

It was as if the anger of the egoist that had appeared in the 7th stage had appeared in reality.

"Damn it!"

Arius backed away with annoyance.

The beast king Behemoth.

He was the king of beasts who had been active long before human history.

'Even if you like antiques, there is a limit, how much old stuff came out?'

Behemoth is a being that appears in the creation myth even in heaven. Even powerful Maras had to bow 90 degrees to Behemoth, and that's why he was called a beast king.

Behemoth, who woke up from a long sleep, did not move for a while. Then he twisted his head and loosened his body, and looked down at the people with his seven eyes.

"Foolish humans, I will destroy you according to the contract of sealing."

Behemoth, who issued a death sentence, made electricity form at the tips of each horn on his back.

Thousands of lightning bolts lit up at once, and everyone's face turned pale without exception.

"Damn! We have to get out of here."

Arius ran out as soon as he opened the door.

On the other hand, Zion looked at the archangel's figure with regretful eyes. But as soon as he turned his gaze to Behemoth's electric power, which seemed to burn space at any moment, he screamed unknowingly and ran towards the door.

"We have to get out of here too! Follow me!"

Armin shouted at the two women.

There was no need to judge or hesitate this time.

The beast king was equivalent to double S-class according to the magic society standard. This means that he has a power equivalent to 370 9th-class combat magicians.

Even in practical terms, more than 20 6th-class magicians could face him, and that was assuming they knew how to attack him.

Moreover, in actual combat, various variables occur depending on the characteristics and combinations, so you had to have at least 1.8 times more combat power than the practical standard to be able to suppress him somewhat safely.

In other words, with this level of party, not even teeth but nails could not get in.

Amy and Reyna flew their bodies toward the door without looking back, and Armin immediately followed them by casting flicker magic.

Thousands of lightning bolts intertwined with chains of electricity, forming an electric field like a spider web. The bolts that exceeded saturation spread out in all directions and tore up space.

The door that absorbed powerful energy disappeared with a bang.

* * *

Armin's party flew out of the door like a cannonball. Amy and Reyna rolled on the floor, and only Armin was able to land while barely keeping his balance.

"Are you okay?"

Amy coughed violently.

"Suddenly, I can't breathe. Cough!"

As soon as they jumped into the door, a strong hot wind blew from Shirone's mental world. If they had been a little late to get out, they would have been roasted by Behemoth's bolt.

Arius had already run away and only Zion was left alone. But he also seemed confused and did not take any action even after seeing Armin's party.

Amy looked at Shirone hanging upside down on a spider web.

The time reversal field had not been released yet, but it would not last long. Eventually he had to release the field, and no one could predict what would happen next.

"Her blood vessels seem to be cut. What should we do?"

"What did you imprint on Shirone's consciousness?"

Amy shook her head desperately.

"I couldn't think of anything. So I had no choice but to write Shirone."

"You did well. If you can't come up with a specific strategy, abstract ones are rather helpful. You can use Shirone's consciousness. I'm going to release the field now. Be prepared."
```
[Translated block]
"Ha, but...!"

Amy was not ready.

She had changed the flow of consciousness, so Shirone might instinctively find a solution, but if she failed, Shirone's neck would be cut off in the next moment.
[Translated block]