


```
[514] The Remaining Questions (4)

He searches for Anke Ra.

Gando realized the meaning of his words.

Judging by Uorin's reaction, the point when Ra tried to reset was now.

That is, in some way, Satan had been annihilated.

It also meant that Ra had not found the answer to the remaining questions.

"Even if a part changes, the whole is perfect. But that whole is not the whole before the part changed. However, Anke Ra has the ability to erase only one concept perfectly through annihilation."

"How is that possible?"

"The balance of the whole."

Uorin put both hands on her bent knee and made a circle with her fingers.

"A new concept replaces the place where one concept is annihilated. It was decided from the beginning that the whole does not change. Therefore, even if Ra was annihilated, a new concept that would replace him would already be in this world. I will find it from now on."

That was annihilation.

Gando thought for a moment and had a new question.

"Then, Geopin's annihilation too...."

"Yes. A new concept would have been inserted in Geopin's place."

Several possibilities flashed through Gando's head.

"Anyway, that's not important. I have the most vivid bottom event as Mitochondria Eve, but those who have some degree of precognition must have felt a strong déjà vu. We have to find Ra before they figure it out."

Gando understood.

"What do I have to do?"

"Protect me."

"Me... you mean?"

Why him of all people?

Just outside the door, there was a group of swordsmen called Pungjang, who were said to be the strongest in the world, waiting in ambush.

"From now on, I will search for Anke Ra's new incarnation through history search. It's a complex and vast task that requires searching through the entire history of humanity."

Gando couldn't even imagine the size of the task.

"History search is when Teraze is most powerless. If something happens, take me to this place."

Uorin handed a note to Gando.

He looked at the place for a long time and swallowed the paper with his mouth and nodded.

'Is that so....'

The Empress of Kashan was one of the most important people in the world.

She also had the ability to protect herself, but she became completely defenseless when history search began.

It was not important to cut off the girl's neck.

The most important thing was trust.

Gando, Mistra's biological son, was chosen for this mission for this reason.

'And if I ever do something stupid....'

Then Crouch would cut his throat.

In the end, Pungjang, Crouch, and Gando had to protect the Empress while keeping each other in check.

"I understand. Please trust me and leave it to me."

Uorin was not worried.

Teraze's insight into humans, who had all records from the beginning of humanity, was as accurate as a machine.

Gando, who had already thrown his heart to Teraze, would never betray her.

"Then start."

As he heard Pungjang close the door behind him, Uorin took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

History search.

A huge sea of information that seemed to contain all of human history flooded into his head.

As various languages, cultures, and records were transmitted, Uorin's pupils trembled.

It felt like he was hearing a buzzing sound from the center of a cave where hundreds of thousands of people were trapped.

Gando settled in a corner within the range that did not leave the carpet and watched Uorin.

Soon after, her pupils emitted light as if they were burning.

The light penetrated her eyelids even though she closed her eyes, and it looked like two gold coins were stuck on them.

'It will take longer than expected.'

All events of Geopin's annihilation became bottom events and events after the third reset were overlaid on top of them.

Only one out of nearly infinite events would be different.
```
[Translated block]


'I have to find it.'

Uorin's brow furrowed as he increased his information processing speed.

'I have to find it first.'

* * *

The underground Zion of the Fire.

In the black sphere floating in the center of the Heaven's arsenal, a kinetic energy of 2.19 million kilobusters struck in the form of a flash.

The moment the mass collided with the object, a superheat occurred and the arsenal itself burned without a trace, and a tremendous gas exploded and expanded the inner pupil.

Woong!

The base of the Fire swelled up hemispherically, then cracked like a turtle's shell and created a reddish lava in the gap.

The next moment, the ground that rose tens of meters high collapsed down, and a shock wave spread out from the impact point.

The ground swayed like a wave, and the structures on it collapsed.

The seismic wave that spread throughout Heaven swept over Arabot.

Until then, countless people were fighting faithfully to their own desires, but from some point on, they all stopped their actions and looked at one place.

"Ah..."

The spire of Arabot tilted slowly, then broke from the waist and began to collapse.

Both angels and humans knew what it meant.

God's death.

That is, the extinction of myth.

The eternal and only being that ruled over humans and controlled and dominated their lives disappeared.

"He did it, Shirone."

Shiina looked at Arabot turning into dust.

The light of Sector 73 destroyed Arabot.

Eventually, someday Shirone will be recorded in history as the one who killed God.

"Anke Rashiya..."

Uriel put away his paradise stick and looked at where Arabot had been.

The fact that Ra was erased was conveyed through the empty sense of deprivation left in his mind.

But on the contrary, like the relief of a print, the concepts other than Ra proved that Ra existed.

Gepin was erased, but those who had strong memories of him still knew that Gepin existed for this reason.

Anyway, Arabot collapsed and Ra disappeared.

Controlling humans and conquering humanity through the final war was ultimately Anke Ra's will.

It was a situation where they lost their compass in the vast sea for those who were part of Heaven.

'What should we do now?'

Uriel looked back at Ikael.

Now that Ra is gone, and they have lost their archangels and can't even operate Baekgyeong, she was the only one they could rely on.

"Uriel, withdraw your troops. There is no more meaning to this fight."

"But Archangel..."

"My word is Anke Ra's will."

Uriel finally put away his paradise stick.

Ikael used the word Anke Ra's will.

That is, Ra's will did not end, so it was better to follow Ikael's command quietly for now.

"Listen up, humans."

Ikael spread his wings of light and flew into the sky and proclaimed to everyone by vibrating his mind.

Those who were close and those who were far away all put down their weapons and looked up at the sky.

"The war is over. It is your victory."

There was no murmur and silence was so clean that it made goosebumps.

"Ra has disappeared and there is nothing to control you."

When the reaction was lukewarm, Ikael drove a wedge in.

"From this moment on, humans are free."

"Ah..."

"Wooaaah!"

Cheers from rebel survivors erupted all over Heaven.

Humans pulled God down.

It was a war that they jumped into with a determination to die, but because they were human, they had a vague fear of divinity that they could not help but harbor.

The joy of finally regaining their freedom made them forget even the sadness of losing their comrades for a moment.

"We won! We won!"

"Uaaaa! Freedom! Humans never surrender!"

Ikael calmly accepted the cheers of people pouring in from all sides, then glanced at Shirone's party scattered all over Heaven.
[Translated block]


Unlike the rebels who were intoxicated with the joy of victory, no one was smiling.

Then Miro approached and asked.

"What's your plan?"

Ikael lowered his altitude and looked down at Miro.

"Plan?"

"Why did you surrender? You could have executed the humans now."

If Anke Ra had chosen annihilation from the moment the world opened, the angels he named should not have existed.

But he chose annihilation 23 seconds before the destruction of heaven, right after Satan was extinguished, and thanks to that, the angels were able to survive Anke Ra's annihilation.

Ikael turned his gaze to the horizon where the ruins spread.

"There's no special reason. The war is meaningless now that the will that moved us is gone."

"......What are you going to do now?"

"Wait. Judgment is next."

Ikael turned his gaze back to Miro.

"It's not over yet. Humans have gained freedom, but it will be a matter of time before that freedom turns into disobedience."

"Are you talking about Satan? But that's also a matter of choice for humans. Whether it's God or the devil, humans judge only for themselves."

A being that can be altruistic because it is selfish.

That is human.

"Take care of Shirone."

With that, Ikael spread his wings and flew into the sky.

Then all the angels left in Jebul turned into flashes and followed her.

Miro, who lost his appetite while looking up at the spectacle unfolding in broad daylight, scratched his head and muttered.

"Shirone?"

He saw Flue carrying Shirone from where the spire of Arabot collapsed.

* * *

"Mister."

Gangnan stopped crying.

The war was over, and the person she loved had gone to hell.

The peaceful face of Gaold tore her heart apart.

How many screams would Gaold be making in the deep hell where he couldn't even say he was in pain?

"I'll never give up. Just like you."

As Gangnan sat down, Gaold's body leaned fully on her back.

But she couldn't lift him with her broken wrist, which was bigger than her own.

"Need some help?"

She turned her head at the voice from beside her, and a flash of anger appeared in Gangnan's eyes.

The survivors of Cage B team were approaching.

"Stop. If you take one more step......"

Gangnan's fighting spirit shot out like a thorn.

The mission given to Cage B team by the Magic Association was to eliminate Gaold, and now was the best time to achieve that goal.

Everyone stopped as Tarban, who was leading the team as a temporary representative, stepped forward.

"Don't worry. We really came to help."

"Do you think I'll trust you?"

In fact, Cage B team was furious after losing team leader Rose and deputy team leader Horkin.

Moreover, Tarban had to let go of his childhood friend Roche.

But for a pro magician, there was something more important than personal feelings.

The information they collected from various places in heaven would become a world-class secret.

If they could return to their original world, Thor Mia Kingdom would have a great advantage in intelligence warfare, and that was much more important than eliminating Gaold.

"Of course, Gaold and you won't be able to set foot in the association anymore. But we also need some help because of the situation."

As long as the coordinates of the meta-gate were off, the only way for them to go back was to borrow Miro's ability.

Gangnan, who knew that fact better than anyone else as a former secretary-general of the association, finally gave up Gaold.

But her eyes were not good as she watched Tarban walk away with Gaold on his back.

'You won't be able to set foot in the association? No way. Gaold will definitely come back.'

She clenched her teeth and waited for that time.

"Is it over now?"

Armin, who found Kuan in the ruins, approached Miro and asked.

Shina ran over and checked Kuan's condition.

He was unconscious but breathing faintly.
[Translated block]


Miro, who confirmed that Shiina sighed in relief, looked at the other side this time.

Cage B team was bringing Gaold and Gangnan.

With them, the last of the project members were all gathered.

Fortunately, there were no deaths, but all they got was a glory that was nothing but wounds.

Miro looked at the sun setting beyond the horizon and said.

"No. It's just the beginning."

That's how Anke was erased.

Leaving only one question unanswered in the world.
[Translated block]