


[704] God of the Desert (3)

Shirone stared at the girl's face.

'You're not Middle Eastern, are you?'

She was clearly a fortune teller, judging by the crystal ball on the table, but she was white and had blond hair.

"I see why you have no customers."

Shirone said as he sat down on a chair.

"The Akkad desert is the origin of astrology. If you're not Middle Eastern, your credibility goes down."

He admired her courage to pitch a tent in the vanguard.

"But why are you sitting down, even though I'm making such a fuss? Go dream of making a fortune or something."

Shirone was also less trustworthy because he was from another land, but he felt sympathy for his fellow foreigner.

"Let's just see it here. Maybe she's good at it, but she's discriminated against because of her race."

Kido and Lian dragged chairs and took seats on both sides of him as Shirone coughed.

"Excuse me, I'm a customer."

A snorting sound answered him instead.

"Hey! A customer is here!"

Kido banged on the table and she shivered as if electrocuted and opened her mouth.

"Sea..."

"Sea?"

"Seafood pasta?"

It was continental common language.

She looked at Shirone and his companions as if she was still sleepy and quickly came to her senses and fixed her posture.

"Oh my! Welcome!"

She hastily covered her face with a veil that was spread on the table as Shirone said.

"Take your time. I've already seen your face."

"Ho ho ho! I'm sorry. I haven't been sleeping well lately. A fortune teller shouldn't show her face."

She seemed to have a good personality.

"By the way, you speak continental common language. Where are you from?"

"Thormia."

"Nice to meet you. I'm from Merhen Kingdom."

It was a country attached below the Mediterranean Sea and Shagal's hometown.

"I've been interested in astrology since I was young and studied abroad in Kashan. I learned from Mr. Roji."

He had never heard of that name.

"He told me not to come back until I made 10,000 gold in the vanguard. It's a kind of training."

"How much do you charge for telling fortunes?"

The girl stuck out her tongue.

"2 gold. I made 360 gold in two months."

It was a decent income compared to the city, but he had to consider the environment of living in the desert.

"Maybe you won't be able to leave."

"Huhu, it's okay. When word gets around, customers will line up. Then 10,000 gold will be easy."

"Wearing a veil will help."

She smiled as she understood Shirone's meaning.

"That's part of it. But there are also customers who come because they find it fun. Of course, now the foot traffic has stopped."

The girl sighed.

"I'm a bit lacking in skill. I have to interpret it optimistically so that customers like it, but when I get immersed, my emotions get overwhelmed and I say things without knowing it. That's why Mr. Roji told me to work in the vanguard."

He had high expectations for someone who had formally learned astrology.

"Then who should I tell fortunes for first?"

Shirone handed over 2 gold and said.

"I'll go first. They say fortune tellers can foresee the future that will come."

This was the charm of astrology.

"Of course. That's my job."

The girl adjusted the base of the crystal ball so that Shirone's face was reflected and put both hands on it.

"Then I'll start."

She looked fiercely at the crystal ball and there was no trace of her being sloppy just before.

"Does the future show up in the crystal ball?"

"No. It's a feeling. When I concentrate, your face disappears like waves and special forms of emotions are transmitted."

She stared at him for a long time and tilted her head.

"Hmm, that's strange. Why don't I feel anything? This is the first time this has happened."

He thought it might be a scam.

"Huh? Now I feel it......"

She suddenly stopped talking and stared at the crystal ball as if shocked and shivered as if she had been hit by something.
[Translated block]


"Ah, ah ah."

She was still in a daze for a long time after the end, and she threw off her face cover and said.

"I'm sorry, but I think there are some futures that you don't need to know."

She was quite plausible when she said she had no skill.

"Haha! It's okay. Just tell me the truth. I'll never get angry."

"But it's not that level. This is......"

She bit her lip and hesitated, then decided to tell her vision.

"Okay. You will fall into a great despair in the future."

Despair.

"You can't know anything, you can't do anything, dark darkness. That's all I saw from your future."

It was at the level of slander, not vision.

"A huge enemy will bind you. And then eventually...... you'll kill yourself by strangling your neck."

"What? Shirone strangles his neck?"

Of course, the person himself and Lian, who was listening, were absurd.

He would have died if he fought, but Shirone was the farthest from suicide.

"I'm sorry. But I have nothing to say to you."

'Is that all?'

It was true that she had no skill.

"Kikikik! It's a great future!"

Shirone also raised his mouth to match Kido's laughter, but honestly, his legs were a little shaky.

Lian stepped forward.

"Can you see what my future is like?"

The girl adjusted her emotions a little as Lian put down 2 golds and twisted her neck left and right.

'Did you take a breath? My condition is so good today.'

So he was anxious.

"I'll start."

His eyes sank quietly, and he looked at the crystal ball for over a minute, and the blood drained from his face.

"This, this can't be......"

Lian frowned.

"Why? What is it again?"

"You will suffer endless pain. You will writhe, but you will never be able to escape."

"Hmm, that's okay. So what happens?"

"Nothing. Just pain, endless pain. And then you die in the most horrible state."

He seemed to want to use harsh words as he was impatient.

"I...... die?"

He thought he might not hear Smiley's hallucinations someday, but it was hard to believe.

"Puhahaha! It's so creepy that it's good! Now, it's my turn?"

Kido threw the gold coin he received from Uorin.

"Look at mine too. How do I die?"

The girl took a deep breath and calmed her mind and looked at Kido's face reflected in the crystal ball.

That's how five minutes passed.

Kido yawned and tapped the table, but the girl still didn't move.

"Hey, what are you doing? Goblin's end is made up of......"

The girl's face moved slowly.

"Why, why are you like that?"

She looked at Kido with huge sympathy in her eyes, and tears flowed from one of her eyes.

"Hey! What are you doing? Why are you crying?"

"You are......"

The girl squeezed out a sobbing voice and said.

"You fall in love with a very heartbreaking love."

"Love? What kind of love does a goblin do?"

Goblins were a race that enjoyed themselves.

"A love that tears your heart apart. You wither like that. Twist and rot. But you can't give up......"

The girl couldn't finish her sentence and covered her face.

"This is crazy! Do I die for such a reason? And if it hurts, it hurts me, why are you crying and making a fuss?"

That was more suspicious.

She poured out tears while shaking her shoulders and suddenly came to her senses and lowered her hand.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I must be crazy."

She slapped her cheek and made a sad face and said.

"I'm really bad at this, aren't I? Do I have no talent?"

"......"

He didn't even have a clue how to answer.

"Era, this! Go bankrupt! Is that astrology? If it's swearing, I can do it too!"

Kido shouted out loud so that the girl inside the tent could hear him as he left the tent.
[Translated block]


"Stop it. You're interfering with business. Don't take it too hard. Honestly, where would there be such a thing as a happy death?"

"Hmph, who says dying is scary? It's ridiculous, that's why. You're the one who strangles yourself to death. Where in the world is there someone who commits suicide like that?"

Shirone was also troubled.

"Enough. Let's forget everything. How about we go drink some alcohol? If you sleep well and wake up, you won't have any thoughts."

Sometimes he needed Lian's simple solution, and Kido agreed enthusiastically.

"Yeah! Let's order the strongest alcohol!"

The place they entered was a bar on the first floor of the apartment.

The dizzying sound of music was heard, and dozens of dancers with their faces covered danced on the stage.

"Expensive and delicious! The strongest alcohol! Hurry!"

When Lian translated Kido's words, a feast that could collapse the table in front of them was set up shortly after.

"Good, appetizer complete. Let's forget!"

Kido drank alcohol as if he wanted to wipe out his brain with alcohol, and Shirone and Lian also drank honey today.

"Scammer, scammer!"

Kido slammed his glass.

"He just rambles on as he pleases. It feels like foresight. Anyway, it's human delusions."

That possibility was not impossible.

"Hey, you guys. You saw Clarice earlier, right?"

The drunkard at the next table pretended to know.

"Clarice?"

"The fortune-teller who predicts with a crystal ball."

"Yes. But why are you saying that?"

When Lian translated Shirone's words, the drunkard burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! So that's why you had a shitty face! She's notorious for being vicious in Vanguard. No one believes her predictions. So don't worry."

"I'm going to kill this woman!"

The drunkard raised his hand to stop Kido.

"It's best to forget it. By the way, you're drinking good alcohol. Give me a drink too."

When Shirone poured him a drink, the drunkard hinted subtly.

"Forget everything and enjoy it. You seem to have a lot of money, why don't you give some tips to the dancers? You'll be able to see some amazing dances."

"I have money overflowing!"

When Kido stuck his hand into his gold coin purse, Shirone said worriedly.

"Kido, emotional spending is not good."

"So what? Anyway, I'm going to die shriveled up. Let's have some fun. The suicide reservist can just watch."

The gold coins that Kido threw rolled around on the stage.

"Here, take it! Let's have some fun today!"

The dancers who picked up the gold coins ran over and bowed their knees to Kido.

The applause of the drunkards burst out, and the clothes of the dancers fell softly to the floor.

As the dancers who only covered their faces took on a hot posture, Kido licked his tongue and laughed.

"Khehehehe! Is this what it was? Hey, you guys......"

When Kido turned around, Shirone and Lian were frozen without even knowing that alcohol was coming out of their mouths.

"What's with that reaction? Have you never seen it before?"

It was their first time since they were born, and it was really strange.

'They're completely different from men.'

"Anyway, don't be naive. How are you going to travel together like this?"

Shirone wiped off the alcohol and turned his gaze.

"W-who said it was their first time? It's just unfamiliar because of this."

Seeing a woman's body in a battlefield where life and death were at stake was common, but it was nothing compared to the shock now.

"Hohoho! It's a big hit today!"

Momodo, who watched the scene of alcohol being sold from afar, covered his mouth with a fan and laughed.

Selling pleasure in the midst of emptiness.

It was the reason for Vanguard's existence.

"Manager, North Carta will arrive in an hour."

"We will close Vanguard from this time. Activate the evacuation device and drain Luna's water. Don't forget to block the eddy current underground."

A soldier from Mangru came down the ladder.

"Manager! About 40 people are coming down fast from the north. It will take about 10 minutes."
[Translated block]


```text
"A latecomer. You're lucky. Let him in."

"But... he's not a merchant."

"He's not a merchant?"

"Looking at the flag, it seems like he's from the Maga bandits."

Momo's eyes turned cold.

"Oh?"

They were the most famous bandit group in the central desert of Akad recently.
```
[Translated block]