


```text
[373] Volume 16 - Graduation Class Orientation (1)

A special tradition began where the students of Class 2 welcomed the freshmen of Class 3.

As Shirone crossed the steel door, the jeers disappeared as if they were lies, and they parted to the left and right to open the way.

Shirone walked along the road to the sound of applause. It must be a welcome applause, but he didn't laugh.

'These are Class 2.'

When 10 people graduate from the graduation class, the remaining 20 people are ranked according to their graduation exam scores. Therefore, the 10 students who welcomed him were those who had relatively dropped out early in last year's graduation exam.

Amy was also among them, clapping her hands.

She was the third to drop out last year, so Class 2. And it means that she is ranked 18th in the graduation class.

Shirone fixed his gaze straight ahead and glanced at their faces at the edge of his sight.

Male, female.

So far, that was all he felt.

Of course, he remembered some students' majors because he watched last year's graduation exam, but now he felt like he was facing someone he didn't know at all.

'If you can't break through here, you can't go to the upper class.'

Class 2 is a middleman of the graduation class, and it is a boundary line that separates the upper and lower classes.

The average age of this year's graduation class is 20.6 years old.

Shirone was 1.6 years younger than average, but considering that there are big shots like Fermi and his party in the graduation class, most of them were peers, and there were some students younger than Shirone among them.

The students of Class 3 who passed through the road made by the students of Class 2 turned around again and arrived in front of the steel door. And they faced one student each from Class 2 who were standing in a row.

"Welcome to the graduation class."

A man with confidence on his face came forward.

Shirone knew just by hearing his voice. He was the student who poured out the most abusive words before passing through the steel door.

He was a handsome man with a shiny impression who had blond hair combed back.

However, his outfit was not like a magician, but he wore a blue training suit that fit his body exactly.

He was about 175 cm tall, and his body balance was well balanced enough to not look weak despite his slender physique.

His eyes were fierce, his nose was high like a wolf, and his tongue was strangely red when he smiled, as if he had blood in his mouth.

"I am Screamer, rank 1 of Class 2."

As soon as they heard Screamer's words, the same thought came to mind for the students of Class 3.

'He's 11th.'

'He's 11th overall.'

His major is light, but he has a different branch from Shirone's photon magic or Dante's information magic.

No, strictly speaking, he was a magus.

He belonged to a hybrid branch like Gunner, and mainly used tactics to confuse his opponent with various magic of light branch and inflict fatal damage with Schema's physical ability.

If there is another person who can use Schema in the graduation class, it would be Amy.

However, unlike her who learned it briefly when she was young, Screamer's Schema was quite high level.

His skill of entering a square with a brilliant movement of teleportation and finishing it with a punch attracted the attention of students in last year's graduation exam.

He plans to go to Colosseum and learn martial arts again after graduating from magic school, but if it weren't for such complicated circumstances, he would have been able to graduate from magic school earlier. He was a genius who had such an evaluation.

Screamer's turn ended and Pony came forward.

The calm blond hair flowed down both sides along her forehead like a half moon, and her unique expressionlessness seemed to intend to fix her beautiful appearance on the landscape.

Her white face with eyebrows curved like a crescent moon, her high nose and pointed chin looked like a doll standing from afar.

"I'm Pony. Rank 12. Major is hydrodynamics. Branch is rapids."

If Screamer was verbose, Pony's introduction was concise.

Nevertheless, the students of Class 3 couldn't take their eyes off Pony. She had a pretty face in itself, but more than that, they knew that something very important was missing from her introduction.
```
[Translated block]


```
"Ah, that kid is Pony."

The only royal in Alpheus Magic School.

Although she was a matrilineal bloodline and distant from the core power, it was only a standard among the royals, and she was a girl who could not be treated lightly by the nobles.

Of course, the competition in the graduation class was fair. Pony did not add her bloodline to her self-introduction because she knew that there was no need to make enemies by causing unnecessary resentment.

Pony's eyes were filled with royal pride. It was as if she was looking at Zion, the prince of Kazra. Of course, it was far inferior to Uorin's absolute gaze.

Pony's turn ended and self-introductions continued in succession.

Shirone paid attention to each one and listened carefully. Then she felt the gaze of the woman standing in front of her and turned her head.

Everyone was paying attention to the student who was currently introducing himself, but only she had been looking at Shirone with playful eyes from beginning to end.

'Maya...was it?'

She had brown skin and a plump body, her face was round too, but her features were not hateful, so she looked rather cute.

She was a woman who remained in Shirone's memory for a unique meaning.

The first dropout of last year's graduation exam. Moreover, she heard that she was last in the graduation exam two years ago.

Her major was sound magic, which specialized in buffs and debuffs using sound, but she didn't feel impressed at the time either.

In a word, she had no talent.

Her sound magic could not penetrate the magician's mind, and she was holding on with basic magic learned in the advanced class.

She had solid basics, but not enough skills to compete with geniuses. She was in an ambiguous position. She could be called the boundary between the advanced class and the graduation class.

When Shirone looked at her, Maya smiled brightly and raised her hand.

"Hi?"

Shirone looked around. It was rude to have a conversation while other students were introducing themselves.

But she didn't care and leaned over and spoke in a low voice.

"I know you. Arian Shirone."

It was a situation where it was awkward to answer or not. Shirone hesitated for a moment and finally whispered back.

"Oh, yes. I see."

"I saw you at the research presentation last year. That ghost commotion. I was really surprised, you know? How did you come up with that idea? It was really brilliant. I've been a fan ever since."

Maya still remembered that day vividly.

She lay down on the bed after hearing the midnight bell, but when a ghost popped out of the ceiling, she panicked.

She ran away with the students and found herself in Central Park. And then, three members of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society revealed themselves on the roof of the building.

She was delighted by the presentation that pierced the psychological weakness, and she even had abdominal pain from laughing.

"I also enjoyed watching your play. You look good in drag. What did you put on your chest?"

The screamer turned around with an angry expression.

"Hey, Maya. It's self-introduction time."

"Oh, sorry. I'm so happy."

"Tsk, anyway you have no concept..."

Maya stuck out her tongue at Shirone with an apologetic expression.

She still couldn't tell what kind of person she was. But Class Two's eyes on her were not nice.

She always took charge of being last, so some people didn't even recognize her as a graduation class student.

A representative figure was Screamer.

He was annoyed by the fact that he couldn't enter Class One by one rank difference and had to stay in the same class as Maya.

After twists and turns, self-introduction ended and Screamer brightened up again and said.

"Well, now that we've got familiar faces, let's start Steel Gate's tradition 'Truth of Courage'."

Pony made a sour expression and muttered.

"Tradition is what... lame."

"Huh? Truth of Courage?"

Shirone raised her eyebrows and waited for an explanation. Screamer opened his mouth with his characteristic verbose gesture.

"You're going to ask questions to someone you're facing in Class Two. For example, who is the most handsome? Something like that. Then you have to pick one person from among us."
```
[Translated block]


```text
"Hmm, that's what it is."

There was nothing better than this to crush the freshmen.

He gave an example of the most handsome person, but there was no student who would ask such a warm question.

"So Amy told me to choose me unconditionally."

Screamer said, looking back at the boy who was startled.

"Aider, you go first. You're the youngest."

"Che, is it age here too?"

Aider was seventeen years old. It was also the reason why Amy couldn't get the title of youngest in the graduating class last year.

He looked much younger than his age with big eyes like a cat and dimples on both sides when he smiled, and it also helped that he was short for a man.

'Why do you emphasize age?'

Shirone tilted his head.

What does it mean to be the youngest in the graduating class where everyone is a competitor?

Nevertheless, Aider just pouted a little and obediently followed Screamer's words.

'It's because being the youngest is more useful.'

If he admitted that he was young, he would have trouble with trivial things, but there would definitely be benefits beyond that.

'Well. Even I get complacent when I see Aider.'

The person Aider asked was Arin. The students of Class 2 looked at him with interest.

It was none other than Arin of Chogyung. No matter what question he asked, it would be interesting.

Aider thought hard and smiled like a prankster.

"Who is the ugliest person?"

"Huh?"

It was an unexpected question for Arin.

He couldn't recognize the shape of things properly. And this information had spread as a rumor while attending school, so the graduating class should have already known.

The students of Class 2 were tense.

Being ugly in her eyes meant that it could also mean distortion inside.

"The ugliest person?"

"Yes. Just choose someone who looks like how can a human look like that?."

"Hmm."

Arin looked at Aider who was smiling brightly.

Then he tapped his lips and looked carefully at everyone in Class 2.

Some students avoided his gaze.

'Why did he ask this? Is he trying to tease me?'

Arin raised his index finger. And pointed to someone on his right.

"I'll do you, then."

It was a fat student who felt hot just by looking at him.

He had a bag of potato chips in his hand even though it was a graduation class event, and he seemed to be addicted to food.

His eyes were thin because they were buried in fat, and his hair was unkempt as if he didn't care.

It would have been better if he wore loose clothes, but he wore small clothes that showed his body curves, which was embarrassing to look at.

'It's Luman.'

Luman, ranked 13th in the graduating class.

His major was trap magic, and his field was crowd control.

He was always in a disadvantageous position because his personality was weird, even though his skills were excellent because he couldn't stand out alone in this field.

Screamer clapped his hands rhythmically and said.

"Wow, as expected, women's eyes are sharp. Even if you're Chogyung, you're right about your appearance. Oh, maybe you don't know. If your appearance is ugly, your heart might look the same."

Some of the students laughed.

Among them was Boil of Class 3. However, his laughter did not seem sincere.

The psychological warfare had already begun, and he seemed to have devised a strategy to go aggressively from the beginning.

Even though he became a laughingstock, Luman just chewed on potato chips. Then he pointed at Boil and asked.

"But why are you laughing? You shouldn't laugh, should you?"

Boil exaggeratedly frowned.

"What? What does it matter if I laugh or not?"

"It doesn't matter. But you're fat too. Isn't it self-deprecating if you laugh?"

Boil looked at Luman incredulously as he always did as his mother told him.

"I'm chubby and you're fat. It's clearly different. I'm cute and you're just a pig."
```
[Translated block]


Luman paused for a moment without chewing the potato chip in his mouth, then quickly moved his jaw again. That was the only response.
[Translated block]