


[417] Second Hell (4)

"Shirone?"

Kanya's voice trembled.

It was definitely Shirone. But how could she be here?

No, that wasn't important anymore.

If the person on the screen was Shirone, it meant that she could give new hope to the rebels who had fallen into despair.

-5th unit has fallen! Cover it!

Kanya, who heard the radio, came to her senses and turned her head to the multivision.

Most of the machines were immobile, but they still had devices that could fire bullets.

And they were all aiming at Shirone.

"Wait, no!"

Kanya pressed the radio button urgently.

"Don't shoot! She's not an enemy!"

When there was no response, she checked Shirone again.

She was boldly showing herself off.

"Oh no...!"

She pressed the emergency escape button and the reinforced glass of the cockpit popped out forward with a bang.

Kanya, who had taken Piper away from Guroi's syncro machine, crawled out of the bushes and raised her hand.

"Stop! Cease fire!"

The speaker of the 5th unit that came out sounded like the platoon leader.

-Fire.

Tick! Tick! Tick!

Kanya closed her eyes tightly, but all she could hear from the remaining three Gurois was the sound of steel bouncing off.

"What, what is this?"

Kanya, who looked around with a blank expression, realized that the scenery was distorted.

At the center of the distortion, a pair of giant gears were meshed and spinning.

Sein's equilibrium had stabilized the changes that occurred in the gas's chemical reaction.

"Misfire! It's a dud, sir!"

"Me too. Check the ignition plug."

"No problem! Damn it...! Cough!"

Boom!

Kuan and Etela knocked down one Guroi.

It took longer than their skills, but it was meaningful that they smashed the machine with their physical abilities specialized in bioweapon warfare.

The reinforced glass of Guroi popped out.

The pilot was unconscious, hanging on to the syncro machine, and Armin was standing next to him.

It was a creepy trait of a space-time magician who could infiltrate even a sealed space if he knew the coordinates.

The other team members also easily destroyed Guroi, and the only intact machine was Guroi that the platoon leader was riding.

Gaold approached Guroi as if he had encountered something unknown and interesting. He stroked his chin and looked up at Guroi's face with a purple glow instead of shaking hands.

"Get down. Unless you want to die."

Bang!

The reinforced glass flew up to the ceiling as the platoon leader jumped at Gaold with Piper attached.

"Die!"

"No, sir!"

Kanya shouted, but the signa that the platoon leader was holding was already falling over Gaold's head.

"Kanya?"

Gaold looked back at Shirone. And as if it were separate, his fist swung quickly and hit the platoon leader's chin.

"Ouch!"

He fell flat without any volume and rolled on the floor with his eyes loose.

If Gaold hadn't released his press magic, his face would have disappeared from this world with this blow.

"Do you know her, Shirone?"

Shirone looked at her with doubtful eyes and examined her more closely.

"Kanya? You're Kanya, right?"

Kanya finally relaxed and moved her steps weakly.

Thump! Thump! She ran barefoot to Shirone's arms without even Piper attached.

"Shirone, Shirone! Uwaaaaah!"

Everyone was bewildered by the sudden change from a deadly fight to a sweet scene.

"Really... is it Shirone?"

There was no one among the rebels who didn't know Shirone.

The first Nephilim who resisted Eilwa's liquor.

The rebellion was organized around the riot that started in Shamaen 73rd district, and they called Shirone 'the light of 73rd district' and honored her will.

Kanya wiped away her tears belatedly and smiled shyly.
[Translated block]


"I'm sorry. I didn't recognize you because you were wearing something weird."

Shirone didn't care, as anyone would have done the same if they had met an enemy in disguise.

"It's okay. How's Lena?"

"She's at the base. She'll be happy to see you."

"Haha! How about your parents?"

"Dad is still in charge."

"......I see."

Shirone didn't ask about his mother.

She was in a state of having little life left at the time, so he could guess what happened afterwards by Kanya not saying anything.

There is no good death in the world.

But Shirone hoped that she had left happily with the farewell of her family.

"How long has it been since I left?"

"Exactly 432 days."

Kanya didn't think long. The day Shirone drank the wine of fate was a monumental day for the rebels, so he didn't even need to calculate.

'432 days.'

It was not much different from the time zone where Shirone lived.

The door of Gepin distorted space, so there was no time difference due to distance.

Nevertheless, the reason why the time here was a little faster was probably due to the influence of the gravitational field around the planet.

Shirone asked the most curious question.

"I heard you're at war with heaven, but I haven't seen any angels or even maras on my way here. Why is that?"

Kanya shook his head.

"We don't know either. We fought really fiercely, well, almost ran away, but anyway, one day the angels stopped showing up. Even on the full moon day when they always patrolled."

Sain, who was listening while connecting mental magic, intervened with a gleam in his eyes.

"When exactly did the change happen?"

"Um, about 130 days ago?"

130 days.

Comparing it with the original world's time zone, it was around three months ago.

The first thing that came to mind was that contact with Gaold's personal guard, who had infiltrated heaven, had been cut off since then.

'Something must have happened in heaven. What is it? Is it related to Miro? Or......'

The platoon leader looked bitter and glanced at Guroi.

He didn't need to fight for any reason as Shirone, the light of 73rd district, but he lost too much because of it.

"It's a big deal. The damage to the machine is serious."

Shirone approached with an apologetic expression. It was so broken that it could not be recovered without window repair.

"I'm sorry."

"You don't have to be sorry. We were the ones who attacked first."

The female platoon leader who was responsible for one word of misunderstanding appealed with a palm and a wronged expression.

"But that man showed a weird illusion first. You'll know if you try it, anyone would have recognized him as an enemy."

Plu snorted.

"You pointed your arc at him first, didn't you?"

"Before that, that man picked a fight first."

"Before picking a fight, you misunderstood him first."

The woman couldn't stand it and shouted.

"Then how can you not misunderstand him when he looks like that! He came at me like he was going to hit me!"

There was a moment of silence.

Eventually, when opinions came out that Gaold's face was guilty, the platoon leader didn't want to argue anymore.

"That's enough. Let's quickly clean up the machine and join the main force. The main force is not in a comfortable situation either."

Sain asked.

"Where is the main force?"

"The Plain of the Dead. They are currently carrying out a giant extermination operation."

The platoon leader walked to his Guroi.

"This is the only equipment that can be deployed immediately. I'll lead for now, so follow me... Huh?"

Gaold was standing behind the platoon leader.

When the platoon leader looked puzzled as if he didn't know why, Gaold pointed his chin to the side.

"Move. I'm going to ride it."

"W-what are you talking about? You're going to ride this?"

Gangnan sighed and approached.

"Why do you want to ride that thing? It won't even move if you just ride it because it's connected to Piper."
[Translated block]


Gauld's solution was simple.

"Then hand over the Piper too."

Gangnan looked back at Sein.

It was an official question to the team's order, whether it was okay to leave this human alone.

Sein nodded.

Heaven was destroyed by Shirone, but the angels had to be handled by Gauld. He was the only person who could buy some time against a large number of angels, so it was better to leave him in charge of the battle.

"Just let him do what he wants for now."

Five minutes later.

Clang! Clang!

Gauld, who had equipped the Piper, boarded the Guroi.

The platoon leader, who had everything taken away from him, was just staring at the distant mountain.

Shirone, who was looking worriedly, asked Flue.

"Is this really okay? The atmosphere was relaxed, but taking away the equipment is a bit..."

"He must have some idea. He's not the type to mess things up just because he's interested, right?"

Shirone closed her mouth.

Flue also changed his words, feeling guilty.

"Actually, I don't know either. But all the people here followed him this far because he's that kind of association leader. I just trust him."

Gauld connected the Piper to the sync machine.

When he folded his arms inward, Guroi made the same motion.

"It feels pretty good, huh?"

There was no reinforced glass, so Gauld checked the scenery with his eyes and moved the tank.

"Hmm, how about this?"

When he turned the waist joint to the end, Guroi's waist began to spin like a spinning top.

"Kukuku. Gangnan, look at this."

When Gauld jokingly attacked with Guroi's arm, Gangnan, who had lightly avoided by bending his waist, couldn't help but shout.

"Ah, really! I'll smash it for real!"

It was the words of those who had already destroyed four Gurois, so Kanya pleaded with sincere eyes.

"Please don't do that. Guroi is a really precious equipment."

"Hoo, okay. I'm stressed out because of that human."

Gauld finally looked around.

It was not comparable to the empathy of the Spirit Zone, but the multivision provided excellent vision and firepower was also powerful enough to match the air gun.

"How many are there in the rebel army?"

"That's classified. I can't tell you."

The barrel of Guroi's gun pointed at the platoon leader with a clang sound.

It was hard to tell how much of it was a joke and how much was serious.

"That's classified too, but I don't know. At best, I know the status of the battalion equipment. How can a platoon leader know the total production of the rebel army?"

Gauld lost his appetite and stopped the machine.

He jumped out of Guroi and threw off the Piper and quietly joined Shirone's group.

Gangnan glared at him with his arms crossed.

"Why? You acted like you were going to ride it all day."

"I'm seasick. It's worse than talking."

Gangnan snorted and blew his nose.

On the other hand, Gauld's head was getting complicated.

'I can't do anything with that. At least 2,000 units? No, more.'

It was Gauld's calculation of how much Guroi force was needed to catch one Pyeongcheonsa.

* * *

When the sun set, Shirone's group came out of the forest.

When they arrived at a hill overlooking the Plain of the Dead, they saw a scene where the columns of giants they had seen in the morning and the 23rd Battalion of the Rebel Army Command were engaged in a local battle across the horizon.

The battalion had a total of thirty Gurois.

But since Kanya sent one team as a support force, only twenty-five Gurois were currently in operation.

The Guroi unit divided into five teams cooperated with the infantry and lured a small number of giants out of the column at least 1 kilometer away and then concentrated fire on them.

Shirone made a terrible expression every time a giant fell like a rag doll.

Giants are also human beings.

If Mechajok members were once Shinmin as well, he would know that fact better than anyone else, so there was a shadow on Kanya's face too.
[Translated block]


"The rule is to eliminate the giants as soon as they are found. If they reach Jotunheim and regain their sanity, they will be able to use the power of the giants."

The platoon leader said as if to make an excuse, but it was not a wrong story.

If eight selves overlap, the schema diagram becomes as powerful as a good prosecutor. By then, it would have been impossible to handle with just one battalion of troops.

The party that entered the plain quickly returned to the main body.

The captain, who saw the party who brought only one Guroiman, looked at them incredulously at first, and then got angry.

"What happened! You said it was Kergoin! I sent five units to deal with it quickly, not to do this kind of thing!"

"I'm sorry."

The platoon leader repeated the same words.

Anyway, he was responsible for the platoon, so he had nothing to say even if he had ten mouths.

But Kanya was different.

Shirone came back. And with a much stronger ally than last time.

This was a great news that could not be compared with the loss of tanks.

"Captain! I have something to report!"

"What are you! Don't you see me scolding the platoon leader! Are you ignoring the command system!"

The Guroi pilot was a platoon leader-level position for infantry, but it was a big mistake to report directly in front of the platoon leader.

But Kanya couldn't wait.

Now that the giant's invasion line is narrowing, it was a matter that the highest person in charge had to know.

"The light of Sector 73!"

"What? What nonsense are you talking about?"

Kanya shouted angrily.

"Shirone is here!"
[Translated block]