
Hi, I'm Sydney, your AI assistant. I'm here to help you with anything you need.😊

Do you want me to translate the Korean text for you? It seems like a story about a boy named Arian Siroene who is summoned by a royal messenger from another kingdom.👑

If you want me to translate it, just say "yes". If you want me to do something else, just tell me what you want me to do.👍

I'm looking forward to hearing from you.😊
[Translated block]


```
"Yes, I understand."

He didn't like Ordos's attitude of threatening his life after calling him out, but he had no choice but to obey since it was the king's order.

Of course, he had nothing to fear since he hadn't committed any crimes.

"Are you Arian Siro, the son of a mountain man who lives in the middle of the Dawn Valley?"

"Yes, that's right."

"Are you Siro, the child that Arian Vincent and Arian Olina picked up from the stable?"

There was no such thing as a meaningful surname for commoners.

The reason why Vincent and Olina had the same surname was because they were of the Arian race. They were a minority group that was not well known to the world, but an ethnologist would be able to tell that they were commoners at a glance.

In the end, Ordos's words had no consideration for Siro at all.

He didn't have to add that he was a child picked up from the stable, as it was a well-known fact that Siro was a commoner throughout the kingdom.

"Yes, that's right."

Siro sighed and answered.

He felt the hateful gazes of the students, but he had already prepared himself for this.

But Ordos seemed like someone who couldn't stand it and wanted to humiliate Siro, as he persistently emphasized only the bad parts.

"You were raised by a hunter named Vincent who lived in the Thorn Mine area on the middle of the Origin Mountain range when you were two months old. The place where you were abandoned was a stable. Since then, you learned hunting skills from your father. Later, you became a servant of the Ogent family for two years, and then became their guest and entered the magic school. Is this all true?"

One of the students burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! A servant!"

As the attention of the surroundings focused on him, the laughter soon disappeared, but it was obvious that other students were also mocking him inside.

A servant was someone who cleaned or polished the floor in a noble family.

Nade looked around to remember the face of the student who laughed earlier.

Iruki also seemed to be upset by Ordos's words, as he frowned.

Siro sighed again.

He had no expression when he first came out, but by this point he realized his situation anew.

Everyone was ridiculing him.

It was a terrible thing that his friends who had laughed and chatted with him until a while ago looked at him like a bug.

"Answer me, Siro! Is all this true?"

"Yes, it's true......"

As soon as Siro's words fell, the students buzzed.

Most of them were insults and mockery, and only a few looked at Siro with pity.

Canis and Arin, who were listening from far away in the crowd, were also among those few.

"Unexpected. Siro was a commoner."

"Hmph, what's so surprising about that? Anyway, nobles are unlucky. All they can do is flaunt their family name."

Canis and Arin had no parents. They were abandoned on the street as children and spent their childhood in Radum, the dark side of the capital. They couldn't help but hate the nobles who mocked Siro.

"But there are some good people too. Iruki and Nade are like that, and Dante's group is also feeling bad. Especially Dante. It's surprising. I thought he would hate Siro."

Arin had an ability called foresight, so it must be true.

Canis looked at Dante with displeasure and spat out his words as if it didn't matter.

"Tsk, what do you expect from those who are crazy about magic? It's normal for aspiring magicians to treat people with magic alone. No, that's annoying too. They were born with silver spoons in their mouths and they're pitying someone?"

Arin chuckled.

Siro had at least a title of commoner, but they were just rootless bastards. Even though he spoke roughly, Canis was also shaken by Dante's attitude of treating people with magic alone.

"There...... Amy is coming."

Arin pointed to two women who were running over frantically. They were Amy and her best friend Seriel.

"Amy, what on earth is going on?"

Seriel kept talking even though she was out of breath.
```
[Translated block]
 This is crazy. This is unbelievable. This is amazing.
[Translated block]


It's very rare, but depending on the situation of each country, they sometimes hire talents from other countries.

But Shiro was a royal. He was the first prince who could be called a direct descendant of the royal bloodline.
[Translated block]