


```text
[553] The Power of a Day (2)

* * *

D-63 days.

The competition's blade wind hit everyone in the graduating class, and Dorothy was no exception.

She always had a gloomy expression at school, so she got the nickname of a four-dimensional girl, but her eyes behind the big glasses that were disassembling the tin doll were clearer than ever.

The name of the tin doll she was working on was Hickory.

It was as precious as life to her, a manipulator, and also the core of her magic.

'I need to evolve the algorithm.'

She finished the first half of the graduation schedule and rose to the upper ranks of Class Two, but the threshold of Class One was still high.

Considering that some of the freshmen in Class Three had already advanced to Class One, it was hard to sleep at night.

Hickory, who was connected through the Spirit Zone, started to walk around the room with a clanking sound.

Dealing with algorithms meant controlling the process before the result, so there was no problem in checking the operation without having to do a combat experiment.

The tin doll, which looked like junk everywhere, lifted its heavy body into the air and lit up its round eyes.

'Dorothy algorithm applied. Version 4.3.'

Hickory's neck spun quickly with a loud siren sound, and soon fell to the floor with a vibration.

Dorothy's expression changed back to dull and emotionless as she watched Hickory with a broken neck.

"......"

She was so annoyed that she didn't have the courage to stand him up again, so she went to bed and covered her face with a blanket.

A strange moan began to leak out from under the blanket.

D- 61 days.

"More! Faster! Too slow!"

"Ugh!"

The sandbag with a thick iron core shook heavily as Screamer poured out his full strength.

The leather filled with sand had circles marked for hitting points, and numbers indicating the order of hits were engraved.

"Is that all you got! How are you going to be a champion like that!"

Screamer's father, Pyrocker, who volunteered as a coach, yelled at his son's ear.

Pyrocker, who held an important position in the Torumia Kingdom's medium-heavy infantry division, was a martial arts fanatic who also obtained a Colosseum pro license, and had a record of 23 wins and 2 losses.

However, he was away from the martial arts world for a while after losing to a mage in an event match hosted by the kingdom, and it was famous in his family that Screamer, who watched the match pitifully, decided to enter the magic school.

"Damn it!"

Screamer's face showed signs of pain as he carried out Pyrocker's iron fist project.

The seven hits that had to be packed in an instant were spinning thousands of cycles endlessly.

"Ugh!"

The impact sound of the hits burst crisply, but Pyrocker became more angry.

"Your accuracy is dropping! More accurately, faster, stronger!"

It was an unreasonable demand in a situation where it was hard to move his arms.

"Don't stop! Hit! You have to install hits that can knock anyone down once they get caught in your instinct!"

As he repeated the same movement endlessly, some parts of his body felt like they were tearing apart.

'How can I hit faster here!'

Even though he was annoyed beyond the limit of pain, Pyrocker did not waver.

"Are you suffering? But what can you do? I'm not suffering at all."

'Let's just fight for real!'

"Shall I tell you an amazing fact? No one cares about your pain. People don't even care how hard you worked. A fighter who can't produce results is just a sandbag!"

"Ugh!"

Screamer lost his reason and threw a strong punch at him, stopping his training, but the heavy sandbag did not budge at all.

"Huh! Huh!"

He felt like he was going to vomit instead of breathing.

"Who told you to rest? Hurry up and hit!"

"......Just one minute. Let me rest for one minute."
```
[Translated block]


Pyrok, whose expression softened, spoke in a gentle voice.

"Do you want to become stronger? Do you want me to tell you how to become stronger?"

When Screamer looked at him, his father's face turned into a demon again.

"There is no such thing, you idiot! The very act of looking for a way is an excuse! Do you know why? Because the way to become stronger is so simple that even a three-year-old can know it! Hit! Become stronger! Hit! Become even stronger!"

'My arm won't move...'

The one-minute rest caused cramps in his muscles.

"Can't you do it? Then admit it cleanly! When the champion passes by, just clap your hands from the side!"

"You damn bastard!"

Screamer, who was boiling inside, pushed away the sandbag and widened the distance, then rushed in and poured out a barrage of punches.

"Stop doing it wrong! Accuracy! Accuracy!"

D-59 days.

Shirone's molgol, who had sat on a rock overlooking the stream, had dried up in a few days.

He only ate the grass porridge that Miro made, and the nutrients he got were all consumed by his brain, so he lost 3 kilograms from his already light body.

'I can't think of anything.'

He wanted to pull out his brain and throw it in the trash.

The only rest time he had was now, except for three hours of sleep.

At first, he wondered what help it would be for training, but recently he realized that it was definitely helpful.

If he hadn't been given four hours of meditation, he would have died of fatigue or gone crazy and committed suicide.

'There is nothing trivial. You just don't try to look into it.'

He recalled Miro's words and looked at the scenery in front of him, but he didn't understand what he meant by looking into it.

'There are leaves hanging. They sway when the wind blows.'

He saw a spider building a web between the branches.

'What does that spider think of living?'

As he watched endlessly, the sun began to set.

'It's getting dark, I wonder if the spider ate anything.'

The spider must have eaten something too.

It was an obvious fact, but he had never looked into it, so it was quite interesting.

"Shirone, let's start night training."

As Miro's voice calmly laid down, his heart felt like it was sinking.

Four hours outside of hell were shorter than one hour in hell.

"......Yes."

Shirone sighed softly and followed Miro to the training hall.

D-55 days.

The annex prepared in Torumia Castle was as splendid and huge as a noble's mansion.

The only royal pony of the magic school threw herself into the pool of the specially modified annex.

As she emerged wet from the water, the maids ran around with towels in their hands.

"Miss, please rest for today. If you catch a cold like this, what are you going to do?"

"It's okay. I'm done for today, so go in and rest."

"But......"

"It's an order."

At her cold words, the maids were startled and left the pool after arranging their towels.

"Hoo-hoo-hoo!"

Pony parted her blonde hair according to Garmar's direction and then entered the spirit zone.

As the propeller installed in the pool rotated, countless whirlpools appeared.

Her major was hydrology, and her branch was rapids.

The goal of this training was to completely reverse the flow of water created by the machine.

'I'm going to get stronger.'

Royals are noble and do not work because of that.

But that was also a privilege of direct descendants. Pony, who could not ascend to the throne, did not have a life goal.

'Royalty. I don't need any authority that others have named.'

She cast rapids magic and the flow of water changed drastically. As the power of the machine set higher than the limit pushed in, her eyes shook.

'I'll do it! I'll establish my own authority!'

The sight of a pony rising above the water surface was like boiling water.

D-51 days.

Shirone's arithmetic sequence finally started to exceed trillion units.

When he reached 1.2 trillion units, his divine light flickered with brilliant radiance and Miro carefully observed the change.

'The change is definitely detected. But it's still far from reaching the singularity.'
[Translated block]


```text
When you reach the state of being one with water, the personality of the fire god affects the law.

So far, it was impossible to predict what that personality was, but the magnitude of the change was considerable.

"Keeeee!"

In repeated training, Shirone's sequence formula stretched endlessly.

The growth rate of over 1 trillion, 2 trillion, and 3 trillion showed Shirone's talent, but even then the state of respect was far away.

"Huck!"

Shirone knelt down with a terminal horse.

It seemed like a sound came from his head, and then he couldn't think of anything.

"Black……."

His face changed to a crying face without knowing it.

'It's hard. It's too hard.'

He fought countless battles, but fighting with himself was completely different from the concept.

Defeating yourself means killing yourself.

You have to go one more than yesterday in a state where you can't live or die.

It means that he died as many as 3 trillion times, and now it was his limit.

"I don't think I can make it in time."

"Again? You don't need to think about it."

"My head is dizzy. I'll get up after a little sleep……."

"Ha!"

Miro shouted loudly, and Shirone lowered his head with eyes full of hostility.

Miro's beautiful face now looked like a wicked witch.

"You say you're going to sleep when you don't have time? Keep going. All other thoughts are delusions."

"I could really die."

"Don't be silly."

Shirone's mouth turned down sadly.

"When you think it's unreasonable, just remember this. Even at this moment, someone is striving with the determination that they don't care if they die. People who want to be stronger even if they risk their lives, or even sell their souls to the devil. There are countless people. There is no reason for you to take the glory of victory by leaving them alone. If you don't have enough time, just reduce your sleep time."

He was only sleeping for 3 hours now, but Miro's words were sharp as a knife.

"It's okay, even if you cut it by an hour……."

"You won't die! You won't die, Screamer!"

"Ugh!"

As if trying to erase Pyrocker's voice, Screamer screamed and hit the sandbag.

But the more he did so, his father's whip became more intense.

"Don't stick to your talent! Don't be proud of your efforts! You're fighting for yourself!"

"Ugh! Ugh!"

As the 7th consecutive hit repeated without stopping, the heavy sandbag began to shake with a squeaky sound.

'I'm getting stronger! I'm stronger than I was a second ago!'

Tomorrow I will be stronger than today.

He clenched his teeth and stretched out his fist, and all the blood vessels on Screamer's upper body came up.

D-48 days.

Shirone desperately suppressed his mind from flying away.

'4 trillion 300 billion. 6 trillion 700 billion. 11 trillion 900 billion.'

A small joy settled on Miro's face, who had been watching indifferently until now.

'It's accelerating.'

It was evidence that his mind and body began to endure the current training.

As he passed 12 trillion, Shirone collapsed with a thud.

"Again. Start from the beginning."

"Ugh!"

A fierce emotion rose and he screamed involuntarily, but his body reacted to Miro's words as if hypnotized.

"Shirone, success is the sum of failures. You stack up failures and jump over the wall of success."

'14 trillion 400 billion! 19 trillion 800 billion! 24 trillion 600 billion!'

Blood dripped from Shirone's nose, but Miro didn't even care and looked up higher than his head.

A golden angel spread its wings in the place where the light shimmered.

'The world is watching you. It's either die or break. You can do it, Shirone. If I can do it, you can do it too.'

10 days later, Shirone's sequence formula broke through 1 quadrillion, the first target point.

The remaining period until the opening of magic school.

D-37 days.
```
[Translated block]