


[411] Task Force (3)

As he flew toward Galliant Island, the monster Kaidra spotted a cargo ship crossing the vast sea and lowered his altitude.

As soon as Zulu released Kaidra, four people, including Shiina and Kuan, began to fall toward the sea at high speed.

Zulu and Shiina used fly magic, and Shirone adjusted her falling speed by spreading her wings.

Kuan, a swordsman, was not familiar with high altitudes, but he did not even blink his eyes and checked the position of the ship.

His ability to generate anti-gravity by using near-vibration was not inferior to the magician's skill.

Shiina admired the skill of the death magician, whom she had only heard of by rumor.

A person who was rated as having unparalleled talent in swordsmanship movement ten years ago.

He lost his Achilles gun. Just like the person who lost his eyes for himself.

'Come to think of it, they look alike.'

The four landed on the deserted aft deck of the ship.

At the same time, Zulu summoned an autoprism and made everyone invisible.

'It's easy to solve when skilled people gather.'

How many people could sneak onto a ship floating on the sea without being noticed by anyone and go to Galliant?

If Sein had been there, he would have been able to block the sound with equilibrium.

He thought that no matter how dangerous heaven was, a team like this would not be easily defeated.

The warehouse was full of products from the land.

The four went to a corner where rice bags were piled up and sat back to back facing each other.

"When we arrive at the port, we won't be able to summon an autoprism. Because there is a risk of being caught by Jonah. Flu will be waiting at the intermediate contact point, so we have to get out as quietly as possible."

Shiina handed a robe to Kuan.

Zulu could cover his face enough with what he was wearing now, and Shirone could solve it neatly by using diamond armor.

An hour later, the ship docked at the port. The outside of the warehouse became noisy, and then the door opened hastily.

The four who were hiding against the wall escaped from the door as soon as the sailors came in.

No one on the deck cared about the four as they were busy loading cargo from the island.

As they descended to the pier, there were dockworkers, cargo carriers, warehouse managers, traders, etc.

Zis, who had a deep connection with Shirone, was also busy running around between docks and soliciting travelers.

"Come on, come on! I'll carry your luggage! I'll guide you to Galliant's specialty, Kergo ruins! Interpretation is also possible!"

Shirone pressed her robe deep into her diamond armor and glanced at Zis slightly turning her head.

'You're still the same, Zis. Is Yuna doing well?'

There was no way that place would be empty just because the parrot thieves left, but it seemed that they were living diligently in their own way.

"Huh? Who is it?"

As Zis turned around, Shirone bowed her head slightly and followed her party out of the dock.

She wanted to say hello, but there was nothing to say in front of him who was heading for death and leaving the world.

'Be happy, Zis.'

As Zis stared blankly at Shirone, his friends came up with a sad face.

"Ah-hoo, why are there no customers today? Huh? Zis, why are you like that? You look like you've seen a ghost. Who came?"

"No, I just feel weird. Those people."

His friend looked at the hooded figures and frowned. It seemed that Zis's bad habit had come out again.

"Hey hey, don't mind those people. They look fierce just by looking at them. If you get caught wrong, you won't even be able to pick up your bones."

Another friend agreed.

"My intuition as a 10-year-old solicitor says so too. Those people smell very dangerous."

Zis couldn't take his eyes off them until they disappeared despite his friends' dissuasion.

He didn't know why, but he felt a sense of nostalgia.

'Come to think of it... are you doing well?'
[Translated block]


```text
"Hey! Here's the luggage! No porter?"

A giant man who got off the passenger ship approached with a luggage bag in both hands.

Jis quickly came to his senses. And he ran faster than anyone else with his hand raised.

"Yes, yes! I'm going!"

* * *

Kergo ruins.

Gaold, Gangnan, Sein, Zulu, Flu, Etella, Shiina, Kuan, Shirone.

Nine people who participated in this project gathered for the first time.

There was no need for a separate briefing as words were exchanged as they came and went.

There were some agents in the ruins, but they were all resolved by Sein's line that had been waiting for a day.

Of course, it was best to cover your face as complacency was forbidden.

But Gaold, the core target, pulled his hood back and threw his robe on the ground.

Gangnan clenched his teeth and said.

"Please put it on when I say it nicely."

"It's stuffy. It's over anyway when we go in. From now on we are going to Kergo Autonomous District."

Sein added.

"If there is someone waiting for Gepin's door, I will pick it by looking at the skill. One person from this member might be supplemented."

The party headed for the stepped altar on the east side of the central temple.

It was where Shirone had opened the Immortal Function and passed the test of the maze before.

The Kergo natives guarded the entrance, but they were different from the ones Shirone had seen before.

Since Kadum chief had lost his life span, he didn't know, but the situation of Kergo tribe must have changed considerably.

When he visited with his friends a year ago, he was a native who showed off a terrible prayer, but when he saw Gaold's party, he swallowed his saliva nervously.

The gatekeeper also couldn't help but feel the blade-like refined energy that nine people emitted at the same time if he was a Kergo warrior.

Gaold approached with big strides and said.

"Kertia, ro hoima. Akrasia, widmia benzene."

Knock on my door. Then it will open.

It was a password that remained in Shirone's memory as well.

But the native's reaction was different from before. He lowered his head with a serious face and said in Kergo language.

"Not now. There are too many waiting to go to heaven. Come back in three days."

Gaold swung his backhand as he frowned slightly and the native flew with a thud.

Shirone looked at the native who fell to the ground without moving and thought that this would not do.

If you open the Immortal Function in the Room of Achievement and Sacrifice, you can go to Gepin's door with everyone's hospitality. There was no need to cause trouble with Kergo.

"Hey, can't we just do it by the book? I know some of the natives here, if you light up all eight eyes of an angel..."

"Angel?"

Gaold stopped abruptly and turned his head.

"Shirone, this is just a toy made by my classmate."

Shirone closed his mouth.

He felt a terrible anger from Gaold, but it wasn't just because of that. He seemed to know why he hated Kergo.

When Gaold activated the device, the wall of the altar collapsed and a door appeared.

Gangnan added one more word.

"But he hates Kergo."
```
[Translated block]


An octagonal room appeared inside the iron gate.

Three men were guarding the opposite iron gate, and in the middle was a man with a white tattoo symbolizing the Kergo priest.

Even to Siroene's eyes, they were different from those who had blocked the way so far in terms of power.

But Gaold didn't even look at him and went into the altar where eight spheres made by the maze were floating.

The Kergo priest moved his steps with a fierce expression.

"Who are you? How dare you foreigners enter the sacred angel's room arbitrarily...."

Before he finished speaking, Gaold grabbed a bead as soon as he could and cast a spell.

A simple air press that had nothing to do with magic went in and the altar rang with a thud.

The priest looked around the shaking room with a surprised expression and quickly turned his eyes to the bead.

Siroene could not see the white light even if she used all means a year ago.

Siroene stared at the bead piercingly.

It was amazing that white fire really came in, but more than anything, it was the first time that the number came out so small.

1,008,000.

"One million eight thousand points...."

Gaold approached the priest who was out of his mind and stared straight into his eyes and answered briefly.

"Get out of the way."

He didn't know what he was saying, but the priest's two legs moved on their own and opened the way for Gaold.

It was a number that far exceeded the score that could pass through in God's language.

When they arrived at the Kergo autonomous district, warriors who had already heard the news were guarding the entrance.

Their eyes flashed with caution against foreigners with their weapons raised.

"This is the sacred land of Kergo! If you invade, we will kill you regardless of the reason!"

Gaold walked toward the spear barrier that stretched out like a hedgehog and compressed an air sphere on his palm.

Compared to the heavenly citizens, Kergo here was cute.

Warriors who sacrifice their lives for Anke Ra. And their personal power was different from them.

But to Gaold, they were all just Kergo.

"Put down your weapons!"

At that moment when Gaold's press magic was about to explode, a burly man walked through the warriors.

His black tattoo turned gold, but Siroene recognized his face at a glance.

He was Mahatu, a member of the Half-Angel faction who confronted Kadum's chief.

Having a gold tattoo meant he became chief.

As expected, the warriors put down their weapons and knelt down.

"Chief! They are heretics who assaulted Kergo priests! Why do you stop our fighting spirit!"

Mahatu, who briefly met Gaold's eyes, moved his steps to eight people standing behind him.

"Long time no see, Siroene."

Mahatu learned continental language.

He was an advocate of separating religion and society and improving the lives of tribal people, so it was an essential quality to negotiate with the Galliant government.

"Mr. Mahatu, you became chief."

"I don't know if I'm qualified, but that's how it happened."

The warriors couldn't stand it.

To them, assaulting priests was an unforgivable worst crime that could not be replaced by anything.

"Chief! Explain! Who are they!"

Mahatu asked Siroene with an embarrassed expression.

"Why didn't you prove your angelic ability?"

"Oh, that... I had some circumstances."

Mahatu seemed to know.

Lately, many people are flocking to Kergo ruins.

What's going on in heaven?

He could tell by looking at the level of those Siroene brought that the situation was serious.

'What is it, those monsters?'

Mahatu, Kergo's best warrior, felt it.

They were masters who had honed each different lineage to the extreme. Especially Gaold was not human-like.

If he himself thought he would not lose to anyone in fighting spirit, but his mind would break just by looking into his eyes for a moment, Siroene would have had no choice.
[Translated block]


```text
The compromise was in progress, so there was no extreme conflict, but the nerve war between the warriors and the Gaolde was still fierce.

"Execute the heretic who assaulted the priest! We are ready to fight! We are not afraid of you at all!"

"Yeah, come on! Come on!"

Kang Nan looked at the Gaolde who was arguing with the warriors who did not communicate and rubbed his temples.

'I shouldn't have made that human a commander.'

Still, the reason he left him alone was because sometimes Gaolde's way was necessary.

Above all, wasn't it the beginning of the day he had been waiting for 20 years?

He was Kang Nan who could not nag even if he was an ugly duckling today.

"Quiet, everyone! How dare you disobey my name!"

"Chief! We are ready to die for your name. But isn't compromising with heretics denying even the existence of Kergo?"

"Foolish. Do you know who is here right now?"

The eyes of the warriors turned to Siroene.

But they had no idea what the boy's face looked like, who were imprisoned in prison under Kadum's iron fist rule a year ago.

Mahatu raised his hand and introduced Siroene.

"This is the angel of God who punished Kadum's faction and saved our half-angel faction, Siroene."
```
[Translated block]