
Wow, that sounds like an amazing adventure! You got to see the dragon Chaos up close and take pictures of it. How did you feel when you saw it? Were you scared or excited? And did you get to meet any of the professional photographers? I bet they have some incredible stories to tell.
[Translated block]


```
As Chaos showed off its graceful flight like a shadow, the large fireworks prepared by the Galliant Autonomous Government filled the sky.

According to Jis, they didn't spare any money because the tourism income was huge.

It was the best sweetness that could be enjoyed with the eyes, watching the dragon swimming between the arches made of water pillars and the fireworks that seeped into them.

Amy looked back at Jis with sparkling eyes.

"Jis, thank you. This alone is worth coming to the island."

"Hehe, I promised you, right? I'll show you around properly."

Tes was stimulated by the sight of Canis and Arin holding hands affectionately. She thought she couldn't miss this good opportunity and hugged Lian's arm sneakily.

"What, what is this? What are you doing all of a sudden?"

Lian frowned as if something had stuck to him like a bug, and Tes's eyes widened in disbelief.

"Hey, aren't you too much? No matter how monstrous I am, am I worse than your arm?"

"No, no, it's not like that. I was really surprised."

She would have been in a bad mood with disappointment, but the spectacle above the sea was so splendid and beautiful that it made her forget even that emotion.

The water dragon turned to the audience as if to say goodbye. The arch spread quickly toward the far sea and 12 fireworks exploded on the silver plate-like moon.

Tes started to sob.

"Huhu, I don't know..."

Her friends looked back with surprised expressions. Especially Lian, who had something prickly, couldn't hide his embarrassment.

"Why, why are you like that? It's not that I hate you. It was just too sudden..."

"Be quiet, you idiot. I'm attached to you. What do I do now?"

Her friends' hearts were no different from Tes's.

"We have to go back tomorrow. I don't want to say goodbye. Should I change my job to a magician? Then I can always see you at school."

"What are you talking about? Tes has to be a swordsman, of course. You can meet anytime after graduation."

Tes nodded her head repeatedly at Shirone's consolation. And she called Amy and Arin and held their hands.

"Let's write letters and stuff to each other. Okay? Keep in touch."

Arin pointed at herself.

"Me, me too?"

"Of course! You're a member of Heaven's Party! Where in the world is there a stronger friendship than this?"

Amy recalled the first day she met Tes.

There were awkward times, but now she liked doing something with her so much. There was no one in the world who wouldn't love Tes, who had a righteous and warm heart.

"Yeah. We'll definitely see each other again. Then it's just girls."

"Good! This is how Heaven's Party is formed!"

Shirone's party turned their feet toward home.

Since it was a special day, the shops were open 24 hours, but they wanted to spend the last of their vacation with their friends.

Jis arrived home and found a letter in his mailbox.

"Huh? A letter from the captain? It came to you?"

"Marsha sister?"

She couldn't say goodbye properly because her body condition was abnormal on the day she arrived in heaven. She fell asleep and when she woke up, the Parrot Mercenary Corps had already left the island.

Shirone unfolded the letter and read it for a long time.

"Haha! That's Marsha sister for you!"

Amy's eyes narrowed sharply.

"What? What is it? Why is it so funny?"

"Huh? Oh, nothing. Nothing at all."

"This! Hurry up and give it to me! Why, is it a love letter?"

When Amy threw herself to snatch it away, Shirone obediently handed her the letter.

Then it was rather Amy who was embarrassed.

"What, what is this? What if you really give it to me? If it's important, I don't have to read it..."

"No. It'll be fine. Probably."

If it's okay then it's okay, what does probably mean? Grumbling, Amy read the letter and tilted her head.

"What is this? It's just blank?"
```
[Translated block]


```
"That's right. But you left a letter."

Tes smiled as if he knew.

"I see. You left a letter."

Shirone looked at the distant sky. The blank paper contained everything she wanted to say.

This is Marsha. Someday we will meet again.

'I should write a letter when I go back.'

She wished Marsha good luck in her future.

2. Waiting for the school opening (1)

Shirone returned home and had a good time with her parents. Whenever she had time, she wrote letters to her friends.

Marsha conveyed her feelings with blank paper, but Shirone couldn't catch up with her wit. So she filled the content with more care.

"I'm done. Now I just have to send it."

She planned to go to the city tomorrow and mail the letter. By the time the letter arrived to her friends, the vacation was almost over. She realized the preciousness of everyday life after returning from heaven. She wanted to go back to school as soon as possible and meet her friends.

"Shirone, come down and eat."

"Yes, I'll be right there."

Shirone turned off the candle and left the room at the sound of her mother calling from downstairs.

@

Capital Bashuka.

Mercodine residence in the royal management district.

A nameless grass side dish that could be chewed by a believer was placed on a shabby table that did not suit a first-class nobleman.

Iruki's mother was disgusted, but Mercodine father and son enjoyed a simple meal. They hated the feeling of dullness that came after eating meat.

Iruki ate rice with a fork and occasionally chewed on vegetables.

Across the seat was a man who looked exactly like Iruki, with only a few wrinkles added.

Iruki's father and leader of Yongrae, Mercodine Albino. He was not a servant, but he was so knowledgeable about everything that no one in the world knew what he didn't know.

Albino asked at a strange timing.

"How is the entropy problem going?"

"I think I solved it somehow."

Iruki answered without even lifting his head. The relationship between the two was not bad, but when he heard a question and answered it, he thought that only ears and mouth were needed.

Albino finished his meal and put down his utensils and asked.

"Iruki, what is 1 plus 1?"

"2."

"No. It's 3."

Iruki lifted his head for the first time. This was the situation where eyes were needed.

"No, it's 2."

"Then make it 3."

"Why?"

Albino shrugged his shoulders.

"What does it matter?"

"Is that so?"

"Prove it and bring it to me. If you can do this, you will get closer to the answer you are looking for. This is your last homework for this vacation."

"It seems like it will take at least six days."

Albino's eyes sparkled.

"Oh, do you have a clue?"

"No. You're going on a business trip in five days."

Iruki continued to consume rice. One grain at a time, one grain at a time. If there is only enough energy to run the brain, satiety is an enemy. He had been spinning his head non-stop during the vacation, and he felt like his servant's brain was overloaded.

Albino opened his mouth belatedly.

"I won't check it out. I'll believe you did it and go."

"It's the first time I knew you trusted me."

Albino laughed. Even if he couldn't solve the Akashic record in six days, it didn't matter. He was proud of his son who calculated his business trip period first.

"No knowledge can beat wisdom. Let's say you won."

"Thank you for the meal."

Iruki bowed his head and cleared his dishes. While Albino drank tea and read the newspaper, he finished washing dishes and turned around when the butler came in.

"My lord, there is a letter for you. It's from Arian Shirone."

"Huh? Shirone?"

Iruki ran over with a bright face, and Albino secretly glanced at his son while pretending to read the newspaper.

Arian Shirone. The word that came out of his son's mouth most often after finishing this semester was 3,742 times.
```

Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]
He thinks Iruki is a good subject. He has the capacity of a genius and rich human emotions.

He suffered because of that personality when he was young, but his son who came back after finishing this semester was different.

He no longer feared his talent and there was a boy named Shirone who played an important role in that.
[Translated block]