


```text
[309] The Master of Fire (7)

Reina, who gave the order, stood up with Shirone's arm over her shoulder.

The nobles were bound to get up as Ataraxia disappeared. However, there was no big trouble yet because the highest nobles were suppressed by the performers.

Nevertheless, there was someone blocking her way. It was Bosun who stabbed Shirone's stomach.

Reina said in a cold voice.

"What are you doing now? The battle is over. If you don't back off, we'll cut the necks of the nobles we've caught."

"Bo, Bosun! Back off quickly. Just let him go for now!"

"Yeah! Back off! Back off!"

The nobles with knives on their necks pushed Bosun away.

But Bosun didn't budge. He couldn't let Shirone live even if all the nobles in this place died.

The world is divided into power and intelligence, and humans are divided into wolves and sheep.

If Shirone was a gentle sheep, he could have spared and used him even if he had the ability of the archangel, the ultimate of intelligence.

But Shirone was not a sheep. If he was someone who could be prepared to blow up the entire palace even in an accidental situation, he would be more dangerous in the future.

'Today's incident has definitely split the palace's faction. If Zion doesn't become king, it's all over.'

Most of Kazra's inner circle were Zion's men, except for Uorin. Teraje could not be expected to show mercy to a defeated prince.

"How about we negotiate instead of doing that?"

Amy was stunned by Bosun's shamelessness. Who was the first to pull out a knife while talking about negotiation just a while ago?

"How can you say that from your mouth? Get out of the way!"

Bosun didn't ask them thinking they would respond. But he needed to buy time now.

Shirone's condition was already half-dead. If it was a situation where seconds were competing, the most frightening weapon was time.

Reina saw through Bosun's strategy. But she couldn't decisively order to cut the nobles' necks.

Bosun had already assumed Shirone as the strongest enemy ever. So if he killed the nobles, Shirone would die too. She had no choice but to find another way from her position where she had to save Shirone.

While Reina and Bosun were staring at each other, a strong wind blew in from the entrance of the grand hall. They flew in like a flock of bats, making a sound like fire.

Thirty shadows landed in the center of the grand hall. They all wore owl masks and had swords of the same length and specifications on their waist.

The nobles opened their eyes wide and opened their mouths as if they couldn't believe it when they saw the inverted triangle badge on their clothes.

"Tha, that is...?"

It was Wind General, Queen Teraje's direct guard.

One hundred swordsmen who swore an oath with Teraje. It was rare for all members to move, but once they appeared, everything they saw disappeared.

"Why is Wind General here?"

Wind General is not an army. The swordsmen of Teraje never move without the queen's orders. Besides, no matter how fast they are, it was too far from Kashan to come here with today's incident in mind.

Wind General formed a triangular formation without a single deviation and looked straight ahead in the same posture. A bleak voice came out from the center of the formation.

"As of now, we will take over Shirone's new soldiers. In addition, we will deprive all decision-making rights related to Kazra Kingdom's internal affairs. Keep in mind that this is a war with Kashan Empire if you violate this."

The nobles murmured.

Depriving them of their internal affairs authority meant depriving them of all their authority. They waited for someone to throw an opposition or raise an objection, but only silence followed.

The nobles realized that no one had the courage to step forward and lowered their heads with different thoughts.

"We will accept your order."

They could not oppose Kashan's ruler's decision.
```
[Translated block]


The windmill is the sword of Teraze. Their mere presence proved that Teraze's command would not be a simple threat.

"Please wait a moment. Are you sure that's the decision of Her Majesty?"

Bosun objected.

Of course, he was not refusing the order of Teraze like other nobles. He just had some doubts.

Zion had not lost yet. Shirone was struggling for life and death, and he would die on his own if he delayed a little. It was an incomprehensible decision to count the seconds while leaving an easy way to take Kazra.

Above all, the windmill that guarded Her Majesty for 24 hours could not arrive at Kazra so quickly.

"According to what I heard, the windmill is wearing an owl mask and has a triangular badge on the left chest."

Someone from the windmill said.

"......What do you want to say?"

"It's easy to impersonate. Handing over the rule is a major matter of the kingdom. If you received Her Majesty's instructions, you would have brought an official document. Can you show me?"

The nobles looked at the windmill.

Listening to it, Bosun's words were not wrong. It was natural to follow Teraze, but wasn't it necessary to verify that it was really Teraze?

"There is no such thing as an official document. The order will come down."

"Hmm, then it's even stranger. How can we believe and hand over the rule? Do you have any evidence to confirm your identity?"

"I have something like that."

"Can I check it if you don't mind?"

The windmill's triangular formation gathered in the center and formed a straight line. It was as if 30 people were absorbed by one person.

That one person split into hundreds of people and flew in with afterimages. As he rotated around Bosun, a black storm arose.

"Kuk!"

The first sword came into Bosun's lower jaw and lifted his face vertically. As his face rose into the sky, thirty swords slashed Bosun's body without a single collision.

The cutting speed was so fast that the air vibrated as if the wings were flapping.

The windmill, which had inflicted nearly 1,000 cuts per second, sequentially flew his body and landed exactly where he started. The lineup was a triangular formation without a word of error.

The nobles looked at Bosun with a frozen expression. No, could they call that Bosun?

His flesh had been broken down into pieces smaller than fingernails. Blood slowly seeped out under the minced meat. Something fell from the air and stuck with a clatter.

It was Bosun's face.

There were no pupils, but anyone could tell that he was making a face of horror. The face with his mouth wide open shriveled as it soaked in blood.

"There is no one in the world who can impersonate a windmill."

The nobles could not object. The skill now was the perfect proof that they were windmills.

In fact, the windmill's tactics are impossible to imitate. It is because each individual's skill must be the best if they are not even able to imitate the movement of the wind.

Those who implement fluid dynamics with human bodies.

One hundred such skilled people became one stream of wind and used perfect tactics. That was the strongest swordsmanship group on the ground, the windmill.

"Master Bosun!"

Ekkashi ran with his bloodshot eyes.

He knelt down in front of Bosun, who had become minced meat, and tried to touch his face with his trembling hand, but glared at them.

"These bastards...!"

How could they be so cruel?

Even if he doubted Teraze's sword, Bosun was also a person who struggled to make Zion king. He was not a person who would leave this world with such a miserable fate just because he said something wrong.

Ekkashi clenched his frizz with a broken blade. But soon he looked at them with eyes filled with horror.

A dark aura that could not be described rose from the triangular formation of the windmill. It was an illusion that only Ekkashi could see. His brain exposed to 30 people's murderous intent caused an illusion of death.
[Translated block]


'Fight, you have to fight. For Teacher Bosun...'

It felt like his heart was hardening. Freeze fell with a clatter, and Exacy propped his hand on the ground and vomited everything inside.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

Pungjang didn't even look at him.

He had received instructions from Teraje to do it moderately, but it wasn't their fault. They responded moderately to the mediocre killing intent. It was not their fault that Exacy's level was much lower than expected.

'Foolish guy.'

The report said he was a 6th grade magician who was favored by Kazra. However, due to the nature of the 6th grade, where the advancement points increase more than 10 times compared to the 7th grade, the skill gap was the largest in the 6th grade.

'Even considering that, he's weak. He had a trick.'

Kazra might have pushed him from the state because he had weak magic power. For example, giving all the points obtained by cooperating with other magicians to Exacy alone.

Anyway, Exacy's journey as a combat magician was over. He would be haunted by the fear of death for the rest of his life as he became addicted to Pungjang's trademark mass killing 'Gaksi'.

When Bosun died and Exacy collapsed, the nobles took care of themselves. The personal bodyguards who watched Exacy fall on Jeol were too afraid to show even their will.

When the surroundings were cleared, Pungjang moved again. Each individual fluttered like a particle of air and flew towards Shirone.

Reina, who was supporting Shirone, trembled with fear in the black storm. Pungjang's words came to her like a whisper of the wind.

A voice that spat out one syllable per person made her mind hazy.

&nbsp;-I'll take Shirone. The continent's best experts will treat Shirone. Return her by tomorrow morning.

Pungjang moved away with a sound of wind blowing inside his ears. And then he circled around the Grand Hall like riding a torrent and went out through the door.

The people who gathered here today could see the movement of the wind with their eyes.

The Wheel of Cause and Effect (1)

"Hoo! Hoo!"

Arius ran through the inner garden. It was late at night and he couldn't see an inch ahead, but if it was a spirit zone, he wouldn't get caught on the roots of grass.

But even if he was a magic girl, his heart was normal. He stopped running with his breath up to his chin and cast Flicker.

He blinked and appeared in a completely different direction from where he wanted to go.

He fell with his center of gravity weakened and rolled on the floor with his back bent like a shrimp. It was already his twentieth failure.

"Damn! Damn!"

The timeline of inner sincerity was slightly twisted. It was probably an error of one hundred thousandth of a second, but it was fatal for Flicker magic, which required highly sensitive design.

'He's chasing me.'

Armin of Kwangan.

He didn't hear a definite answer, but if he was a blind man with a time-series magician, it must have been him.

There were only two ways left now. Run over the wall or break through Armin's time distortion.

But the latter method was not a good choice. If he makes even a little mistake, he will appear in a place far away from escape.

The magic control device has not been activated yet, but there are various magic traps installed in this place where the king lives. It was fortunate that he had memorized his movements since five years ago, otherwise he wouldn't have been able to find this road either.

'Let's run. Are you going to stop breathing because you're annoyed?'

Arius chose to make up for it with his body. He would think about how to shake off Armin once he arrived at the inner gate.

It would be fun to get out of Kazra.

Armin broke the agreement. When this fact spreads, even the magicians of Black Line, who are crazy bastards, will have to unite.

A bloody wind will sweep across the continent.

'That would be fun in its own way...'

But what fascinated Arius more than the chaotic world was that he had found traces of Gepin in his depths. It was something that countless scholars couldn't find even if they searched all over the world.
[Translated block]