


```text
[258] The Revealed Truth (3)

Nade stepped up. He liked to get along with all the students, but he couldn't help but take Siro's side since he was in this situation.

"Enough already. Of course it's shocking that Siro is a commoner, but it's not like he deliberately deceived you. If you had asked him, he would have told you honestly. That's his personality. It's not good to attack each other over external matters when you're competing as students of the same school."

"Competition? Don't talk nonsense. A commoner, a commoner! Do you hang out with commoners outside? No, you don't! How can you accept Siro when you're in a position where you receive countless orders from commoners in your family?"

Nade sighed.

It was useless to persuade them for a hundred times if they didn't listen.

Of course, James had a point, and he didn't not understand their feelings.

But what could he do? Siro was already his most precious friend, and he didn't want to see him sad.

James changed his target to Dante, thinking that Iruki and Nade were already blinded by Siro.

"Dante! You say something. You're the most angry person here. You've been humiliated by a mere commoner!"

Dante made an incredulous expression.

"Angry? Are there different commoners and nobles in anger? I lost, so I just lost."

He finally revealed his feelings about the duel, but even that was plain.

James finally realized how the situation was going.

Whether it was Dante's group or Siro's group, they didn't want to get involved with the middle-ranked group.

It was obvious that they were avoiding reality as if they would become the same level as him if they badmouthed Siro.

James lowered his head and trembled, then couldn't help but blurt out.

"So that's what it was? You all want to cling to Siro? There's no one in the school who can beat Siro now! You think you look amazing if you take Siro's side? You and me, there's no difference. You're just the same losers!"

Dante stirred the ice in his iced coffee and said.

"That's a bit too much. Why are you excited when I'm the one who lost?"

"You stop being hypocritical! Just admit that you can't stand it because you're angry. How can you act like nothing happened after losing so miserably? Tell me. You got beaten up badly by Siro and even fainted. How do you live with that?"

"These kids are asking for it!"

Closer couldn't stand it and stepped up. The kids who couldn't even look him in the eye before he lost were acting up as if they had guts.

"That's enough. Stop it."

Dante stopped Closer and looked up at the ceiling. Then he thought for a long time and opened his mouth slowly.

"What if... I simplified the design of the automaton a little more?"

James frowned at the sudden nonsense.

"What? What are you talking about?"

"I should have made Pascal's circuit more intuitive. For example, attack for attack, defense for defense, something like that. Divide the roles like that. Wasn't there too many types of basic magic? If I had taken out fireball and only used wind cutter, my mobility would have increased."

The students looked dumbfounded at Dante's continuous words.

Iruki and Nade listened seriously.

Surely, if he had developed it that way, the game would have changed a little bit.

On the other hand, James clenched his mouth and shook with anger.

Dante got up with his coffee and approached him.

"If you ask me what I'm thinking about, all I have in my head is magic. Because I'm going to a magic school. What about you? What do you think about living? Whether Siro is a commoner or a noble, what does that have to do with your magic?"

James' face turned red like a tomato.

He felt like running away right away as shame flooded over him.

But he couldn't show such disgrace in front of his juniors.
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]
Did I translate it well? Do you have any questions or requests?
[Translated block]


```text
Closer pumped up his muscles and shouted cheerfully.

"Yeah! This time, I'll definitely win! Let's start the special training from today!"

Nade pulled Eruki towards him and said.

"Haha! Do you think you can easily get first place? Do you think we'll just play around?"

Dante nodded as if he agreed.

Nade and Eruki, they were also powerful rivals who were not inferior to Shirone.

"Sure, bring it on. Anyway, first place will be mine."

Dante also said to James, who was standing like a broomstick that had been thrown away.

"You should also prepare well. After all, you have to graduate to become a magician, right?"

James did not answer. He just hung his head and left the cafeteria.

The students who had badmouthed Shirone until now also looked at each other and followed him quietly. It was already crowded enough with Shirone's group, but now Dante's group was also competing in the advanced class.

Dante threw the coffee he had finished drinking into the trash can and walked towards the door.

"We're going. Tell Shirone that I won't lose next time."

Eruki snickered and said.

"Why don't you do it yourself?"

Dante stopped for a moment and looked up at the ceiling and said.

"Well, I could do that. When I have time later."

Then he opened the door and left as if nothing had happened.

His cool personality that didn't take anything seriously seemed to be innate.

Suddenly, the door opened again and Sabina came in.

She glared at Nade and bit her lip, then came closer with determination.

Now that Dante had decided to try again, she had to shake off her fear of Nade.

Sabina widened her eyes and Nade pulled his neck back.

He knew that she was afraid of him after he had lynched her. Of course, it was true that she had insulted his family, but he felt sorry for imprinting the fear of death on her.

"I-I won't let you go next time we meet."

She must have gathered a lot of courage to say this.

Nade decided to forgive her.

He didn't care much about the magician's license, but he wanted to compete fairly until graduation.

Nade smiled and said.

"Okay, let's fight properly next time."

"Hmph."

Sabina blushed and ran out of the cafeteria. She felt a sense of accomplishment and her heart pounded.

Eruki watched Sabina leave blankly.

"What was that, all of a sudden?"

He didn't know what had happened between them, so he couldn't understand what their conversation meant.

Even Nade, who should have explained first, kept his mouth shut.

"What? What's going on? Are you... maybe... a little bit with Sabina?"

Nade was startled and waved his hand.

"No! Sabina is... ah, forget it. It's just something like that."

He didn't seem to want to talk about it, so Eruki didn't ask any more questions.

Whatever relationship Sabina and Nade had, it was their own business.

Of course, he personally wanted to support them. He didn't like Sabina, but if she could drive away the ghost that haunted Nade's heart, it would be a good thing.

"Yeah. Anyway, let's go get our stuff and go. Shirone must be waiting."

@

Supernatural Spirit Science Research Club.

In the laboratory where his friends had left, Shirone was lost in thought.

On the sofa was the Spirit magazine that Nade had brought, and Shirone's eyes stayed on the page where his parents' interview article was printed.

"Haah, why..."

Shirone couldn't believe what had happened.

Of course, he wasn't ashamed of being a child of commoners or proud of being his parents' son.

But now he was old enough to know some of the ways of the world.

There were many friends who had clear distinctions in magic school, so he hadn't faced any major crises until now, but the world's eyes were different.

He wanted to see his parents. What would they be feeling right now?
```
[Translated block]


```
I'm sure father knows that it's not good to reveal my son's identity.

How did Klein manage to make him confess?

If he used any coercive methods, I won't forgive him.

'I hope mom doesn't get hurt.'

It seemed like I could get permission to take a leave of absence if I submitted the application now, since it was published in a magazine that covers the whole kingdom.

Above all, I thought Principal Alpheus would treat it as his own business.
```
[Translated block]