


[430] Opportunity for Revenge (2)

Shirone and Flu waited in a room after arriving at the Second Command.

Of course, the expression 'waiting' was Jo Won's word, and they knew that it was no different from isolation in reality.

Flu, who looked at the outside situation, sat next to Shirone.

"Tell me now. What the hell happened?"

Shirone explained what had happened in Babel's cockpit.

The Ultima system that transmits all signals in a unified way. The historical records of Babel obtained through that Ultima system.

Flu took a deep breath and sank into thought.

He had heard roughly about the history of heaven, but this was a completely different story.

"The person who was erased from the record in the Babel project, could it be that person related to the reset?"

McClain Gopin.

Shirone was almost certain.

Above all, it was shocking that Gopin was involved in the great sin committed by Ikael.

"Looking back now, I think Gopin had a reason to leave this world regardless of what happened here. That's why he chose such a complicated method as reorganization after initialization."

"That's true, but I think it might have something to do with the Ultima system. How does it work?"

"It's more like a feeling than a language. Just like you feel hot when you touch something hot and sting when you prick something sharp, those signals come in almost infinitely differentiated."

"Hmm, I think I get it..."

He understood it in his head, but unless he was the person himself, he would not know the sensation.

"In that sense, I think the Ultima system is the opposite concept of the Akashic Records. If the Akashic Records are perfect even if parts change, the Ultima system clearly distinguishes all parts. If all Gaia people were integrated into the Ultima system, it would not be an exaggeration to say that they could have opposed Anke Ra."

"But on the other hand, doesn't that mean that the power weakens as the number decreases?"

"Yes. I can only distinguish the meaning of the signals."

Flu had a different opinion on that.

"That's a really good ability. It will be helpful enough even in this place where you don't know the language, and there will be endless ways to apply it in the future."

"Yes. If we can survive and get out of here for now."

Flu smiled bitterly at Shirone's bony joke.

"Yeah. By the way, where did Babel go? It's a weapon against heaven, so did it go to heaven?"

"That's possible. Anyway, I think we should report this to Mr. Sein. There could be a big variable."

"Yeah, let's ask Guardlock when we get a chance. He seemed to hate being here."

"Clove too."

The two laughed quietly.

* * *

Heaven 6th Heaven, Jebool.

After Arius entered Drimo, Cariel never left Dae Segyejeon.

Miro still showed no signs of waking up.

It wouldn't be an easy task.

Even if he was well versed in human minds, extracting only Miro from Drimo where mental energy gathered was as difficult as releasing a fish into the sea and catching it again 10 years later.

'Brahma will do well.'

He was Mara who showed the best insight among Mara, so Cariel could trust and entrust him.

Still, there was no shadow on her beautiful face looking at the central computing unit.

Then data from a very old category stored on the screen blinked.

When I looked at the year, it was information stored so deep that even angels' memories were blurred.

Cariel looked at it with curiosity.

"What is this?"

Cariel's eyes lit up as she looked at the screen for a long time.

She tilted her head as if she couldn't understand.

Babel descended.

When I tried to track its location, it turned out to be true. A red dot flying over hell at high speed was shown.

"But how?"

The person who collapsed Babel's production process in the war with Gaia was Cariel herself.
[Translated block]
The Archangel of Creation, Cariel, did not like the way Uriel used destruction.

It was unproductive, irreversible, and foolish.

Instead, he modified the algorithm that went into the Babel program and reset the enemies that Babel recognized as citizens of heaven.

It was the main reason why Gaia's second war failed.

"Who activated it?"

After Gephen's extinction, pure Nephilim did not exist in hell. Nor did there seem to be any reason for an angel to break Anke Ra's prophecy and bother to break Babel.

Cariel received Babel's data and displayed it on the screen.

The screen unfolded in first-person view from the moment the program was activated.

Cariel also recognized the familiar face that appeared.

As Babel approached, the boy's face quickly zoomed in.

Babel finally made a non-attackable judgment.

If the boy in the screen was the boy Cariel knew, this was a natural thing.

"Kukuku."

Cariel felt a thrill of his soul. A pleasant laugh exploded from deep in his chest.

"Kahaha! Kahahaha!"

Finally, he had a chance.

All those who had human blood deserved to die, but among them, Shirone was especially hateful.

The human that Ikael loved most.

"Can you still be arrogant in front of me after seeing this?"

Cariel left the world war for the first time in a long time.

The first thing that came to his mind was Ikael's pale face.

Heaven's Seventh Heaven, Arabot.

In Arabot, where Anke Ra lives, there is a room where Archangel Ikael, who once held the position of Archangel, is devoted.

Cariel arrived at the corridor of the place with a smile of victory on his face and walked briskly.

Of course, he had no intention of simply handing over Shirone's information.

Even though he was sealed off his power, Ikael's name still meant a symbol of glory to the angels.

It was premature.

But it was also irritating to imagine such an interesting event alone.

'Where should I look at his arrogant face? Anyway, I have the upper hand.'

Just before arriving at Ikael's room, a crack in space occurred in front of Cariel, and hundreds of glass panels flashed with different brightnesses.

The blurry outline connected to the glass panel gradually became clear and finally solidified as the solid line disappeared and a man appeared.

A signal that can contain unique information in a specific form of panel.

Ikael's triangular Mara Ashur blocked Cariel with his dark eyes as dark as his hair.

"What are you doing in Arabot, Angel of Creation?"

"I came to see Ikael. He must be inside."

As Cariel moved as if he didn't care about Ashur's answer, Ashur quickly approached and blocked him again.

Cariel's face twisted horribly.

"Are you trying to stop me, Mara?"

He still remembered clearly when Ashur appeared before Shirone and wielded his sword.

At that time, he let it go because he received Ikael's order, but this time he couldn't forgive him.

"Ikael doesn't want to see anyone."

"Anyone? It's ambitious for an angel who is devoted. Get out of my way, you lowly Mara."

Cariel pushed Ashur roughly. And before he could stop him, he opened the door with a bang.

The top of all angels, shining pure white Ikael sat on the floor and waited for Cariel.

"It's been a long time, Cariel."

Cariel barely lifted his mouth.

"Huh, sitting on the floor like that is ridiculous. Where did your authority go when you were once in the position of Archangel?"

Ikael smiled kindly.

"You've lost a lot of presence. Well, you've always been bad at looking after other things when you're focused on one thing."

In fact, Cariel's complexion was noticeably pale. Even his eyes full of ingenious things were dull.
[Translated block]


```
"What are you doing in a place I don't know? You should have forbidden the activities of the angels."

"Hehehe, what do you care? You have no power anymore. You must be curious about what I'm up to. No, you must be dying to know. But what can you do? You're just a puppet angel with only your old reputation left."

"Your anxious look is like a child asking for milk. What makes you afraid?"

Afraid? Me?

Kariel's eyes widened.

"Hahaha! I'm not afraid of anything. I've even become greater than you! How can I be afraid of anyone...!"

Kariel's words were cut off abruptly.

Ikael began to loosen her pure white clothes.

As she unbuttoned her clothes and shrugged her shoulders, her upper body fell down.

Her shoulders that held her straight neck proudly, her arms that were thin but felt strong, her back that had no trace of fat beyond the back of her upper body, and Kariel's hardened face were visible.

"Come here, Kariel. You're a special child. Come into my arms and tell me many stories like before. Then sleep well and wake up and everything will be fine."

"Uh..."

Kariel tried to rush to her with a blank expression, but quickly came to his senses.

The Ikael he hated so much was still beautiful.

The most perfect body in the world made of only pure white.

No particles, no impurities, the ultimate purity!

He wanted to confide everything to her while rubbing his cheek against hers in her arms as before.

Yes, that was all.

That was enough for everything to be satisfied in the blissful ataraxia.

'Her... Her!'

A mere human had defiled her.

"Shut... uppppppppp!"

Kariel's glory body expanded into a halo and spun at a fast speed.

Everything in the room rattled, and Ikael's golden hair covered her face pitifully.

Kariel approached and screamed like crazy.

"Shut up! Do you have the right to say that? You are... You are...! Kugh!"

Kariel couldn't stand the mental shock and quickly bowed his head.

His existence was already weakened, and his glory body was on the verge of collapse.

'Damn it! Why...!'

Not even once, he swore by everything, not even once, did he have a desire to monopolize or possess her.

A pure awe that was absolutely different from human greed.

He just liked looking at her, and he felt absolute happiness just by the existence of the archangel Ikael.

'Foolish humans! Ugly things!'

Why don't humans leave beautiful things as they are?

Did they want to own them so badly? Couldn't they share this beauty with others?

Everyone wanted to be loved by Ikael. Was it because they were so jealous of that, they took her away?

To Kariel, Ikael was no longer awe. She was just a wilted flower that was broken by the hands of a lowly human.

'I can't forgive you. No, I won't forgive you!'

Kariel leaned his face close to Ikael, who was bowing his head, and whispered.

"Listen carefully. I'll never forget. So I'm going to do what you hate the most. Because you did what I hate the most!"

As Kariel left the room, Ikael opened her clothes with a sad expression and said in a small voice.

"Ashur."

As soon as she called him, Ashur bowed before her.

His expression was also miserable in front of his lord who had been humiliated by Kariel.

"I answer your call as your eternal servant."

"Please investigate what Kariel is up to."

According to the law of authority, Ashur's power was weakened as much as Ikael's power was sealed, but he had no reason to refuse anything she wanted. However,

"The atmosphere in heaven is not good right now. If something like today happens again...."
```
[Translated block]


Ikael made Ashur's words meaningless with a bright smile.

"There won't be such a thing. Please do me a favor."

No matter what sin he committed, Ikael was Ikael.

With just one smile he showed now, he was the angel and Mara who would give their lives for him.

Ashur bowed his head silently.

His body shattered into hundreds of glass plates and disappeared in an instant.
[Translated block]