


```text
[228] 3. Where is Shirone? (3)

If another student had introduced himself like that, he would have been booed, but Dante was an exception.

They already knew enough about him through the magazine, so they didn't need any introduction with his pride.

The introduction of Sabina and Closer was over and the class began.

The teacher of psychics was a 60-year-old philosopher named Carman, who had obtained a public 8th grade magician's certificate.

He had a reputation in Creas, but the class itself was boring.

"Today we will learn about the algorithm that distinguishes personality and stubbornness. We want to be different from others. But being different from others is not personality."

Dante's party was bored from the start. It was a subject that ended in the 400th rank at the Royal Magic School.

Closer, who was sitting back in his chair, said.

"The class is damn boring. What about personality and what about stubbornness? Just live as you are. How old are you to study psychics?"

Dante didn't care about the class either. What he was curious about was a student named Shirone.

Dante, who had an interview with Olivia in the morning, received a special order from her to break a child named Shirone.

It was his major, so Dante gladly accepted it.

He didn't know who Shirone was, but he must have been arrogant until now. But from today on, he was going to make him unable to lift his head.

'But it's strange. Why isn't he number one?'

If it was someone who received a special order from a second-class grand magician to trample on him, he should have been number one in the advanced class. But the one who was number one was a mama boy boy.

Then who is Shirone?

Dante's eyes swept over the students. Then his eyes stopped at one boy.

It was Merkodain Iluki.

'Yeah, there was that kid.'

When he attended the Royal Magic School, a rival structure was about to be formed, but it was aborted because he transferred.

Time passed and he became the best in the kingdom, and Iluki didn't even make it to the magazine, so it would be fair to say that the gap widened. No, in fact, he thought that none of the students here could match the toes of the Royal Magic School students.

There is no class distinction at the Royal Magic School. There were only ranks from first to last.

The barrier of magic, which is called 30th place, is given the qualification to take the graduation exam, and the current rank of Dante's party is 31st, 32nd, and 33rd.

Dante was confident that he could pass even if he took the graduation exam right now. But his goal was only number one.

There are students who are 32 years old in the top 30. Even if their skills are poor, they can't ignore their experience of attending school for more than 20 years, so they plan to graduate with the best grades by preparing thoroughly.

If you enter one of the five prestigious schools, the Magic Association will give you ten graduation tickets. With that ticket, Alpheus Magic School also produces ten graduates every year.

But the Royal Magic School has ten more tickets added as a privilege of being the best school in the kingdom.

Since there are so many people in the capital and there is a merit that two-thirds of them can pass in the graduation exam, it is natural that aspiring magicians flock to the kingdom.

In the end, the level of Alpheus Magic School's graduation class 30 and Royal Magic School's top 30 were different.

It was humiliating for Dante to be assigned to Class Poe by simply cutting off 30 people.

Anyway, first of all, I needed to see who Shirone was. There was no student who looked special, so Dante asked the girl next to him.

"Hey, who is Shirone?"

"Huh? Shi, Shirone? He's sitting at the very end over there. But why Shirone?"

Dante turned his head to Shirone without answering. Surprisingly, it was a boy sitting next to Iluki. He was also one of the people he thought would never be him.

"Hmm, he looks good at studying. But he doesn't look very strong?"
```
[Translated block]


```text
It was when Closer and Sabina were looking at Shirone.

"Kuku, it's a beast without anything to see. It looks like he's just selling books in the countryside school. I'm bored to death already. When are we going to practice for real?"

"He's handsome even though his fashion is bad. He looks calm, which is typical of an unrocker."

"Huh, if you're going to rub it with an immortal function, you should go to the mountains and polish Donna, not go to a magic school."

Immortal function was rare, but it was not an absolute measure of the level of magic.

It was a fact that could be seen from the fact that only one of the five national certified first-class magicians was an unrocker.

Carman's mental theory class was heading towards the end.

"When you think of something, the more difficult it is to put that thought into practice, the more personality you can say. And if you can easily persuade others, you can say it's a belief. The problem is when it's easy to do but can't persuade anyone. We call that stubbornness."

The students nodded their heads and Dante nodded off.

"From now on, you have to think a lot. Personality is good and belief is good. But don't fall into stubbornness. Something that others can't do, but that leads to persuasion. If you come up with such an idea, you can say that it is right."

The bell rang to announce lunchtime. The students clapped their hands at the thought of being able to rest, and Carman left satisfied.

"Guys, I'll be back then."

Shirone hurriedly packed his bag. The only time he could meet Alpheus was lunchtime, so he was in a hurry.

"Are you okay? Not even eating?"

"It's starving for a day or two. Do you know, maybe the principal teacher will buy me something delicious?"

"Yeah. Anyway, do well and come back."

"I might be late, so tell the teacher instead."

While the students were preparing to go to the cafeteria, Closer yawned with his arms raised.

"Hua, is it over now? Damn it. It's so boring even though I only took one class. How do you expect me to endure half a year here?"

"Well, at least we have practice in the afternoon, so maybe it'll be okay. Dante, Dante. Wake up. It's lunchtime."

Dante woke up from his sleep and rubbed his eyes.

"Ow, what kind of class is a sleeping pill? Anyway, let's start. I came to this damn garden, so I guess it's polite to say hello first."

Dante looked around Shirone with sharp eyes. But no matter where he looked, he couldn't find him.

"What? Where did he go?"

As Dante was about to move, Boyle and Pandora blocked his way. As he did with Shirone, Boyle reached out first.

"Nice to meet you. I've heard a lot about your reputation. I'm Chris Boyle."

"Boyle? What rank are you?"

Boyle straightened his shoulders as if he had been waiting and said.

"I'm number one. I'm the highest in the advanced class."

Shirone was not number one as expected. Why didn't Master say anything about Boyle? If you let loose a beast like Dante, shouldn't you at least ask for number one?

"So what rank is Shirone?"

Boyle felt bad that Shirone was the person who caught the attention of the kingdom's top star. But thinking that showing emotion would be losing, he smiled.

"Shirone came up this semester and doesn't have a rank yet. But he's definitely promising. You could say he's my rival, but I think I'm going to graduate soon."

Dante stared at Boyle's outstretched hand.

"Sorry, but I've never heard your name before. In other words, I don't know why I have to shake hands with you. Are you saying that because you're number one in the advanced class, you should kneel down on your own?"

Boyle's face flushed up. He didn't intend to do so, but part of him expected a similar situation.

"I-I'm a peer student. Meaning to get along well..."

"A peer student? So are you saying that we're in the same class right now?"

Boyle felt a cold chill from Dante and stepped back. He had climbed up to number one in Class Po by competing with countless people, but he was not used to this kind of low-level provocation.
```
[Translated block]


"What's your major?"

Boyle lifted his head arrogantly, thinking that he could no longer be ignored.

"Summoning magic."

"Puhahaha!"

Closer burst into laughter and suddenly approached Boyle's abdomen. Boyle's feet rose an inch off the ground and he fell to his knees with a thud. He couldn't breathe, but he couldn't believe what had happened to him.

"Sch, school violence is .... Cough!"

Closer's soccer kick hit Boyle's stomach. He enjoyed fighting unlike a mage, but this time he felt sorry for hitting him.

He was seventeen years old and he looked like the world was ending when he got hit. They were all boring kids from the countryside.

Dante looked down at Boyle, who was spitting saliva.

"Just wait. I'll put you all under me soon."

The air in the classroom became cold. No one dared to challenge Dante's group, who showed their true colors in an hour.

Sabina approached Pandora, who was at a loss, and blatantly criticized her appearance.

"What's wrong with your makeup? You're different from the countryside. Do you go to bars at night?"

Pandora's face turned red. She was timid enough to be second to none, but this was the first time she had been insulted like this.

Sabina's hand touched Pandora's cheek.

"Huhu, it's better not to move. My hand is sharp."

Pandora couldn't move. Sabina's hand was soft, but her words were not false. A cold chill was swirling around.

"Let's see. How do I fix this sharp thing ...."

Iruki intervened.

"Stop it. You're not kids."

Sabina turned around with a frown. But before she could say anything, Dante walked over.

"Long time no see, Iruki."

"What are you talking about? How do you know me?"

Dante's forehead had a vein. They weren't close enough to talk face to face back then, but they were rivals.

There was no way Iruki didn't know that. He clearly ignored and disrespected him.

Nade stepped in and broke the tension.

"Wahaha! Don't fight. It's bad to fight on the first day of school, right? We're going to study together from now on, so we should get along. Right?"

Dante didn't want to lose face with Iruki either. He didn't want to be friends, but he was from the prestigious Yonroe family.

Dante ignored Iruki and looked at Nade.

"Where's Shirone?"

Shirone went to Alpheus. But Nade wasn't going to tell him that easily unless he knew Dante's intentions.

"Shirone? Ahaha, Shirone is famous! But I'm pretty popular too. Don't do that and let's be friends? I have a Supernatural Spirit Science Research Club where I'm the president ..."

Closer jumped in and swung his fist. Nade's upper body leaned back and barely dodged the punch.

It happened in an instant as if they had coordinated it.

'Wow, look at this kid.'

Closer raised his eyebrows. He was used to fighting without even blinking his eyes while avoiding a close call.

Dante sneered.

"You're laughing, but your body is ready for battle."

"Uaaa, I was surprised. Why are you doing this all of a sudden?"

Nade looked like he didn't even know what had happened just now.

"Hmph, whatever. I don't know what you're up to, but I have nothing to do with you cowards."

Dante had no choice but to ask Iruki.

"Hey, do you know? Where's Shirone?"

"Why are you looking for Shirone?"

"I just want to say hello. School life is going to be hard from now on. You're not going to say you don't know like that coward, are you? It's Merkodain, you know."

"Of course. Shirone is here."

Iruki pointed to his feet. Dante looked at the floor and frowned.

"What, on the first floor?"

"No. Somewhere on this planet."
[Translated block]


He left the classroom with Nate after saying that. Dante was so angry that his ears turned red.

"That kid..."
[Translated block]