


[238] 4. Battle Simulation (8)

Even after the battle started, Dante didn't move. He honestly didn't expect a 6th tier summon to appear.

"How about it, do you want to surrender now before you get humiliated? I'll cancel the kneeling part if you do."

"How did you do it? How did you get Gaos?"

Dante made a disgusted expression and Boyle's shoulders shrugged.

"I would have hated to get close to that monster. You lived with it for years, didn't you? Don't tell me you crossed the forbidden line? Hehehe."

Boyle's eyes widened.

It was natural for summoners to live with their summons for a long time due to their job characteristics. In fact, some weird magicians crossed the forbidden line to complete the empathy stage.

It was a well-known fact among magicians, but it was still a clear mockery to bring it up.

"I'll make you kneel before me for sure."

Gaos's charge was so fast that it was hard to follow with the eyes. Shirone, who had fought with Ulk in Huajeon Village, didn't want to face Gaos either.

'I wonder what Dante is going to do?'

Contrary to expectations, Dante avoided the spot with a textbook-like teleportation.

But that wasn't enough to stop Gaos.

The monster twisted its body sharply and reached right in front of Dante's nose and swung its claws.

Everyone thought it was over.

But at that moment, Gaos's movement slowed down.

"What?"

Gaos, who was connected to Boyle's mind, looked at the ground. A small magic circle was flashing there.

Shirone knew the type of magic circle just by looking at the effect.

"A slow magic circle?"

Dante put his chipped hand on his head and taunted him.

"Are you still far away? You're pretty slow for a 6th tier."

Gaos clenched its muscles in anger, but it couldn't twist the flow of time with force.

Kraaaang!

Gaos finally escaped from the magic circle and roared as it rushed towards Dante.

But this time too, it fell into a miserable state again by getting caught in another slow magic circle that had been laid out in advance.

Dante looked at him pitifully and pointed down.

"Look at the ground, look at the ground. Are you stupid?"

"You bastard! How dare you mock me!"

Boyle shouted and electricity was generated from the hose connected to Gaos's spine. The lightning that escaped from the magic circle area scorched the place where Dante was.

It was reasonable to think that it was over after being hit by the magic cast by a 6th tier summon.

But the place was already empty.

Boyle realized the reason belatedly.

"An illusion magic circle?"

Only a small magic circle remained in the place burned by lightning. It was a trick he had made since he cast the first slow magic circle.

'Where the hell did he go?'

As Boyle looked around, Dante tapped his shoulder. Boyle was so startled that his heart dropped and he couldn't move a finger.

Dante's face popped up over Boyle's shoulder.

"Are you kidding me right now? I accepted your challenge after a long time, so do it properly."

"Ga, Gaos!"

As Gaos came back with a fierce momentum, Dante moved away again with teleportation.

Based on the battle so far, Shirone realized Dante's specialty.

"I see. It's light magic, and among them, magic circle combat using information magic."

Shirone had learned photon output when she faced the speed gun test. It was an applied version of information-based magic.

Photons were the fastest in information transmission, so they matched well with magic circles.

Wasn't halo, an angel's ability, also made of light?

Moreover, the magic circles that Dante used were one-time instant magic circles.

They only lasted for about a minute, but they also took less than a second to construct.

There were dozens of magic circles floating around Dante right now.

Gaos, who had been running around wildly, stopped for the first time when he saw the changed scenery around him.
[Translated block]


Closers, who was watching the battle, smirked.

"Reflective magic circle. You're trapped. Boyle can't escape."

Boyle looked around with a serious face. Magic circles were flashing everywhere he turned.

There were 48 magic circles, and with the summoner's superhuman senses, he could tell that they were all 57.62 centimeters in diameter and had the same shape and size.

Dante approached him like a conductor with both hands raised.

"Welcome to Dante's playground."

"Shut up!"

Dante shot an air strike at the reflective magic circle. As soon as Gaos approached Dante's nose, a whopping seven magic circles bounced the air strike like a cushion and hit Gaos's side.

Dante didn't even bother to dodge, which meant he had complete control over time and space.

Dante scattered magic all over the place like a conductor.

The air strike moved in three-dimensional trajectories around the magic circles and attacked Gaos with two copies from the reflective magic circle.

Kraaaaa!

No matter how high Gaos's physical abilities were, it was exhausting to take the air strikes enhanced by the magic circles in succession.

Boyle was at a loss. No matter where he moved Gaos, the air strike hit him directly. He almost canceled the summoning when he got hit by three consecutive strikes.

"How can this be? The great Gaos can't fall for such an attack?"

Dante mocked him, but Boyle endured it because the magic circle's duration was running out.

If he could hold on a little longer, he would have a chance. If he didn't miss one opportunity, he still had a chance to win.

"Now!"

As soon as the magic circle disappeared, Gaos rushed at full speed.

There were slow magic circles in each section, but Boyle wasn't going to fall for the same trick twice.

As if mocking Boyle's thoughts, Dante hung two slow magic circles on Gaos's shoulder and knee.

When different times were applied to each part, his balance collapsed and Gaos's body flipped over.

"You're such an idiot. Magic circles are also magic. If you avoid them, you can just hang them on your body."

Boyle clenched his teeth. What kind of guy was that kid who handled a 6-tier summon like a child?

Gaos looked like he had trouble getting up.

Even if it was a virtual summon, it had the same characteristics as the real one, so it couldn't fight if its stamina dropped regardless of the magician's mind.

"Are you okay? Your darling is hurting."

"You bastard!"

Boyle, who had been humiliated in front of everyone, lifted Gaos up for a final showdown.

Blue lightning sprang from his whole body and transformed into an electric body.

It was a self-destructive attack that even the real Gaos didn't use until he made a life-and-death decision.

Kraaaaaang!

"Are you giving up already? That's too boring."

Dante pointed his finger at Gaos. Ten magic circles lined up on the floor and then stood up.

It was Rising Target, a technique of information magic.

'That's an amplification magic circle...'

Boyle calculated the distance. If the air strike passed through all the magic circles in a row, it would have almost ten times the power.

But with Gaos's speed, he could at least get through four magic circles. Then Dante's amplification times would be reduced to six, which was a situation worth betting on.

'I have the advantage in power. I'll go for a strong attack.'

As soon as Gaos reached the first magic circle, Dante cast an air strike.

But the air strike didn't shoot at Gaos, but at some other place.&nbsp;

The air strike flew somewhere in front of him and bounced off a triangular cushion, then entered from the farthest end of Rising Target backwards.

'Did he calculate the distance backwards?'

Gaos and the magic were rushing in the same direction, so the air strike could reach all ten magic circles.

Boyle didn't let go of his hope. Even so, Gaos was fast. The point was to hit Dante before he got hit by the air strike.
[Translated block]


```
"I won!"

Boyle shouted involuntarily as Gaos reached the last magic circle.

But his hope was shattered as Gaos's movement slowed down drastically.

It was too late to turn back when he realized that the last magic circle was a slow.

He was a summoner with superhuman observation skills, but he couldn't confirm what the last magic circle was in a situation where 10 magic circles were overlapping.

The air strike that passed through nine magic circles hit his back and Gaos, who bounced off diagonally, disappeared.

Boyle had no choice but to stand there in frustration.

He might be able to summon him again if he squeezed out his strength. But he didn't want to.

Dante had a genius understanding of time and space. He used information magic to make the situation favorable and drove him into a dead end with his tactics, which made him lose his will to fight.

Dante shrugged his shoulders.

"Don't tell me this is the end? I gave you so much leeway, but you still disappoint me."

"Don't be cocky. It was a close call. If Gaos had a little more stamina, you would have been the one in trouble!"

"Yeah, you have to console yourself like that. But you know what? I could have ended it anytime I wanted."

"Nonsense! You also tried your best...!"

A magic circle glowed under Boyle's feet and his body sank down.

He immediately came out through the bottom of the magic circle floating in the sky and fell in front of Dante.

"Aaaah!"

Boyle, who hit the ground, couldn't bear the pain and bent his waist like a bow.

Dante clicked his tongue and shook his head.

"Don't you know that passive magic is pushed back? Magic circles are passive skills too."

"Kuh! You... when did you put a magic circle under me...?"

"Well, when do you think? Guess."

Boyle reviewed the battle. But Dante was busy avoiding Gaos, and he never came close to him.

No, there was one time.

"Don't tell me... the reason why you patted my shoulder was..."

"That's right. I can activate the magic circle with a time difference. This is called time work. Summoners usually stay in place because they handle two selves. Besides, the technique of flipping the magic circle upside down is called spin, and it's quite difficult. Anyway, I was ready to hurt you anytime while you were distracted by Darling. Got it, mama boy?"

"You, you bastard...!"

"But I'm bored now. Let's end this."

As soon as Dante finished speaking, another magic circle appeared and Boyle sank down again.

"Aaaaaah!"

Boyle, who moved through seven space transfer magic circles in a complex pattern, couldn't regain his senses.

The reason why he couldn't resist was because the actual distance was zero.

It was no different from just standing still.

Dante calculated the time and fired an air strike. The magic that bounced exactly six times hit Boyle's back as he fell upside down.

The eaten judgment came out and two bracelets lit up.

The scenery of Ichon disappeared from Boyle's sight and the floor with physical blocks spread out.

The students were silent as if they were shocked.

Boyle didn't know what they were surprised about. He just bounced around and got hit by a surprise attack in the corner.

On the other hand, what the students saw was a kind of trick.

Boyle and air strike crossed each other in the air and collided at one point, and that was the end of the match.

It wasn't a skill that could be followed by calculating it.

Dante looked around at the quiet students and asked Shiina.

"Teacher, can you turn on the percentage gauge?"

It was revealing his power, so he usually hesitated, but Dante was confident.

Shiina used her master bracelet to display the percentage gauge.

His mental power hadn't decreased by 1/50th.

Shirone realized that it was a message from Dante. The reason why he used little mental power even though he made many magic circles was because they were basic magic.
```
[Translated block]
Photon output is a magic that anyone can easily do, and it is not hard to build simple information with it.

It was a calculation that installing five magic circles that amplify magic by 2 times was much more efficient than a magic circle that amplifies magic by 10 times.

But the effect created by the magic circles interlocking was enough to handle a 6-tier Gaoth like a pet.

A tactic of not giving up the initiative throughout the battle and gradually pressing the opponent until drowning them in the end.

That was the combat style of Shining Boy Dante.
[Translated block]