


[279] 2. The trap of choosing one (3)

"Hmph, you still have your mouth alive. What's the reason for this clown show? Did your father say he would make you king later?"

"I'm sure I told you. I'm not interested."

Zion turned his body away, ignoring him. And he walked along the wall, admiring the scenery of the waiting room.

In fact, today's demonstration schedule was also unexpected for him. He didn't know that Orkamp would challenge him to a sword fight so soon.

But in the end, it meant that they were also in a hurry.

Zion, who had returned to Syrone's front after circling the waiting room, made a tempting suggestion.

"Let me take you home."

Syrone asked with a puzzled expression.

"What are you talking about?"

"You said you weren't interested in the first prince's seat, right? Then the reward you get from this demonstration is freedom. I'll give it to you. No matter how much you avoid Kazra's eyes, you can't avoid Teraise's eyes. Because we're going to play worldwide. But if I send you? Kazra becomes mine and you get freedom. It's good for both of us, right?"

It was a sweet temptation that was hard to refuse. But it wasn't an easy matter to accept.

Empress Teraise said she planted Zion to swallow Kazra. Therefore, if Zion becomes king, Orkamp and Eliza die. They have to cut off the legitimacy of the royal family because they can't plan for the future otherwise.

"What do you want me to do?"

"It's simple. Ruin the show. Whether it's the power of an archangel or something, just mess it up. And tell the nobles. The rumor was exaggerated, it was just luck that I succeeded, it's not magic that someone like me who has nothing to see can do, like this."

Syrone nodded his head in agreement.

Today's demonstration is a political place. Whether the nobles believe the lie or not, the game is over as soon as they raise the white flag.

The only thing that bothered him was Orkamp and Eliza's death. Is that really okay?

No matter how much they abandoned their children, they at least spared them. Do I have the right to repay that little bit of grace with death?

"I'll think about it. No, give me some time to think."

"Sure. Anyway, I'll hear your answer at the Colosseum. No matter which side you choose, Kazra will come to me anyway. Make a wise decision."

Zion's voice leaving sounded in Syrone's ear, who bowed his head. But his head was too complicated to care.

If he helps Orkamp, he will be chased by Teraise's faction for life. If he sticks with Zion, Orkamp and Eliza die.

'What do I do? What do you want me to do?'

Uorin, who had found her pet cat wandering around the waiting room, finished preparing to leave and said goodbye to Syrone.

"Brother, cheer up."

Syrone looked up at Uorin with lifeless eyes. She probably knew his dilemma too. But she didn't give any advice other than words of comfort.

He conveyed his desperate heart with an earnest look, but she shook her head as if she didn't know anything and smiled.

Syrone looked down at the ground with a resigned expression.&nbsp;

What does he want? There is no one in the kingdom who can help him, right?

At that moment Uorin sighed.

"Sigh."

And she spoke calmly in a lowered voice.

"Do you want me to help you?"

Syrone raised his head again.

Uorin was still beautiful. But the bright feeling that was visible until a while ago was gone.

"Of course I can help you."

Uorin stepped back a few steps as if to re-establish distance.

"But I don't have to help you either. The important thing is plausibility. For example, let's say there is a billionaire who owns 100 billion gold. He can give 1 gold to anyone without any problem. But he doesn't do that. Not because he's stingy but because it lacks plausibility. If he gives 1 gold to someone for no reason, he will have to give 1 gold to everyone in the world eventually. You don't
[Translated block]
Did I translate it well? Do you have any questions or feedback?
[Translated block]


Since Amy didn't have any expectations from the start, she glanced at the side where Orkamp was.

To be precise, it was the tall man standing behind Orkamp.

There were many experts in this place, but no one was as tense as that man. Moreover, he seemed to be still not used to it, covering his face with his right hand.

'Damn it! You scared me.'

Arius decided to believe in the existence of the soul. He felt something in his head fly out at the moment of the birth of madness. It was such a terrible shock.

It was surprising for him, who had never been stunned for more than a second after entering Magic 7.

'He implemented the immortal function in a form. Is that the basic mental structure of Nephilim?'

Arius calmly waited after finishing the analysis of Halo. He planned to figure out the mechanism and find a way to break the capsule through this demonstration. His eyes shone brightly as Ataraxia began to accumulate.

'It started! The first is quantum choice. Is it based on binary?'

The first magic circle was embedded in the center of Halo, and a shower of light poured in.

The nobles admired the splendid spectacle, but Arius sorted out all the concepts that were accumulated in Ataraxia without missing any.

'Algebra. Muso geometry. Multiple operation equations. Banessa theorem. Integral calculus. Eisen relativity. And that is, Hegel's paradox?'

As more concepts piled up in Ataraxia, he began to feel overloaded with thoughts. His head was about to explode.

As the accumulation process passed the middle point, even Zeta function, which was a kind of hypothesis that contained the blueprint of the universe in an attempt to find the pattern of prime numbers and was the cutting edge of human intelligence, appeared.

Arius stopped thinking. No, he couldn't think.

Everything after Zeta function was a concept he had never seen before, and it was being embedded in Halo at a tremendous speed.

Analysis impossible.

'This damn thing...'

As the accumulation ended, Ataraxia was born as a colorful integrated concept. It was the essence of super magic amplification that humans could never implement.

Arius shivered with a sense of defeat.

He only understood 65 percent of the entire circuit. It was an amazing level of intelligence compared to Siroen, who gave up at 17 percent when she was possessed by Ikael, but not knowing one percent was no different from not knowing anything.

Siroen looked at Ataraxia that appeared before her eyes and pondered. Her life would change depending on what she chose now.

About 10 seconds passed from then, and the nobles who had been watching closely gradually lost interest.

They knew how important one second was in real life, and they were disappointed by Siroen's immaturity.

"What are you doing? Do it if you're going to do it, or say it if you're not."

"She's indecisive. Or does she need some more preparation?"

The nobles who had a grand mage were not patient with a student-level demonstration. As complaints began to be heard here and there, Zion also added a word.

"Haha! That's why rumors are exaggerated. There are so many senior mages in Wangseong, how can a mere mage aspirant be verified by this?"

Then those who were presumed to be from Terae's faction joined in one by one.

He left them alone to handle the atmosphere and looked down at Siroen arrogantly.

He had laid out everything. All that remained was for Siroen to confess her shortcomings.

Siroen listened to the voices from all sides. As expected, most of them were Zion's cronies.

'Yeah, let's stop. He was too strong for me to deal with from the beginning.'

Siroen dropped her shoulders weakly and opened her mouth.

"I am..."

The first word of a major announcement came out, but there was no sign of the nobles' murmurs stopping.

She realized that her voice was too small and took a breath so that everyone could hear it and filled her lungs with air.

'Wait...'

Then she suddenly had a strange thought.


I apologize if there are any errors or inaccuracies in my translation. I did my best to convey the meaning and tone of the original text.🙇‍♀️
[Translated block]


```
Is giving up the right decision?

That was a thought that suddenly came to me, not from my head but from my body.
```
[Translated block]