


[280] 2. The trap of binary choice (4)

He had never judged anyone by what they had in his life. The inertia of his 18 years made him doubt.

&nbsp;Only then did he feel his mind working.

This was a trap of binary choice. It was a fight that Zion would win no matter what he chose.

The logic of binary choice is scary because it blocks the possibility of anything outside the choices. It presents a bad thing and a worse thing, and induces you to choose the bad thing, making you feel like you've gained something, but in reality, you're being played by the enemy.

Shirone realized that he had distorted Uorin's words.

No one gives 1 gold for no reason. That means, there is no one who will help the one who gives up.

It was a delusion to think that Teraje Pegeri would save him if he begged with a cowardly expression.

Wangseong is a den of beasts. Showing weakness will only get you eaten to the bone.

Uorin wanted to say that.

If you want to live, bark. Bare your teeth and growl. Swing your claws so that no one thinks you're an easy prey.

The moment you stop fighting, all the beasts of Wangseong will rush to eat you.

“Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!”

Shirone finally exhaled.

He didn't know how long he had been holding his breath, but the air kept coming out endlessly. It felt like all the clutter in his head was gone.

As his mind cleared, the target became clear.

Shirone took a proper stance and prepared to cast magic. But the nobles still sneered.

In their minds, if Shirone had any brains, he should have deployed his skills quickly and brilliantly.

His magic skills were up to the experts to judge, and what they wanted to check was Shirone's will. With this lukewarm attitude, he couldn't persuade any noble.

But Shirone didn't care.

He would become a beast.

With that thought, he focused his mind and a photon cannon was born in front of him.&nbsp;

Shirone kept compressing photons. The sphere of light shrank and expanded, shaking violently.

Amy realized that the casting of the photon cannon took much longer than usual and felt creepy.&nbsp;

In the two thousandth duel, his mental power was almost exhausted, but it was powerful enough to bring down the system. She couldn't imagine what would happen if she passed the strongest photon cannon through Ataraxia.

‘It's still far away. This won't calm me down!’

Shirone continued to compress the sphere of light.

There was no enemy or ally here from the beginning. Teraje Pegeri and Orkamp Pegeri, they all only wanted to use him.

‘More…… more!’

Tears welled up. The memories of the past three days flooded in.

As he remembered his mother's fearful face, the photon cannon compressed rapidly and turned into a state of white light that could no longer accept photons. The photon cannon, which was as big as a human head, shook violently as if it would escape from the center of gravity.

Amy jumped up from her seat. It was too extreme and dangerous because she couldn't predict the future.

But before she could scream at Shirone, the photon cannon pierced Ataraxia. She had already experienced it in the two thousandth time, so she closed her eyes tightly and twisted her body.

Flash!

A huge tunnel of light appeared in front of Shirone, pushing everything away from the waypoint. Even the atmosphere.

A roar deafened everyone's ears, and the intense light erased their vision for a moment.

It was dark for a while.

As their eyes adjusted to the scenery, they saw a world that was completely different from a second ago. The inner wall of the Colosseum was gone, let alone the mountains in the distance. The particles that had been decomposed into dust floated like giant smoke on the ground.

As the wind blew away the dust, the traces of the photon cannon appeared. A plain that could accommodate dozens of carriages stretched to the horizon.

The nobles were surrounded by high-ranking magicians. The magicians who were frowning and casting powerful local barriers were guarded by knights around them. If Shirone had shown any suspicious signs, they would have rushed into the Colosseum.

I'm sorry if there are any errors in my translation. Please let me know if you have any feedback or suggestions for improvement. Thank you for using my service! 😊
[Translated block]


```text
"How dare you! What are you doing right now!"

The fat nobleman slammed his chair and jumped up. The other nobles were also trembling with fear.

What if he had cast magic towards the stands?

The moment Siroen turned his direction, the examiner would have cut his throat, but that was only a matter of regulation. In fact, weren't they also relaxed by the thought of magic performed by students?

The fat nobleman cursed at Siroen with a hoarse voice. But he quickly shut his mouth and sat down at the words of a nobleman who looked like a rat next to him.

It was a place that Orkampf had already approved. It would be no different from exposing his identity if he raised his flag here.

"That, that kid......"

Zion trembled with anger.

It was bad enough that he had rejected his proposal like chewing gum, but the power of the magic he had created had shattered his pride.

How could a human push a mountain away?

No, even if it was possible, it was the level of a grand mage.

It was a testament to how unfair the human world was that a mere aspiring mage wielded such power.

Zion, who had refused to be equal with anyone until now, could not bear it out of jealousy.

The power overflowing with anger should belong only to the royal family. How could the country survive if such power was given to a bastard who had no power, wealth, or status?

"I heard your answer clearly, Siroen. You'll see!"

Zion shouted so that everyone could hear and headed for the exit. A large group of nobles followed him out.

They must be from the Teraze group, but Siroen didn't care. He was barely holding on to his consciousness that was swaying as if he was going to fly away from the aftermath of casting a full-power photon cannon.

This was the first time he had not fainted after casting Ataraxia. It was thanks to his increased endurance, but it also meant that he was enduring with a fierce mind.

Siroen turned his head with a fierce look. Uorin was still in her seat. But her reaction was nothing more than raising her eyebrows slightly and curling her lips in a mocking smile.

She got up from her seat and whispered something to the cat and left the coliseum without hesitation.

3. Midnight Ball (1)

Orkampf's footsteps were faster than usual.

He was not easily excited, but this time it was hard to control his emotions.

He pushed open the door of the library, drank the water on the desk in one gulp, and then calmed his mind.

Ataraxia.

It was indeed a disastrous magic. No, is it too late to say that now?

What he saw was the ability of the archangel, the supreme commander of heaven. And he had heard that there were seven more archangels in heaven who had equal power.

He suddenly felt doubtful.

Could he really face them with just Valkyries?

'Forget it. Don't look too far ahead. Anyway, it's good for me.'

If he could replicate Ataraxia, joining the 'Holy War', the meeting of Valkyrie's highest national representatives, would not be a dream.

The twelve lords who are the most powerful in the world.

Although it was impossible to get the position of 'Three Emperors' where Queen Teraze belonged, 'Seven Stars' was enough to surpass.

Then Teraze would have no choice but to recognize Kazra's independence.

What would it feel like to manipulate the world's economy, culture, society, life, knowledge, and art at will? Orkampf was already imagining such things.

"What do you think?"

Orkampf asked and Arius appeared from the corner of the library.

This kind of appearance was unpleasant from the ruler's point of view, but Arius was stubborn in a strange way.

But today was different from before. He was no less flushed than Orkampf.

"It was definitely amazing. Ataraxia, a cool ability."

"That's not what I'm talking about. Can you replicate it now?"

"Impossible."

Orkampf thought he had heard wrong. But his ears were normal.
```
[Translated block]
How was my translation? Did you understand everything?
[Translated block]


But there must be no limit to the king's cruelty. To have barriers of judgment that say this is okay and that is not, means that one has a small capacity.

If you start to hesitate, you can't have anything. Even if you follow the suggestion belatedly, the reproach of your conscience will disturb your mind. Such people eventually ruin everything.

'I'm disappointed, Orkamp. I thought you were a ruthless ruler, but you're no different from a common noble.'
[Translated block]