


```text
[399] Rapidly changing situation (3)

Bang!

Shirone opened the door of the dormitory with great force and slammed it shut with the same force, then rushed to the desk.

The notes that had been neatly arranged were scattered again.

He opened one of them and quickly flipped through the notes until a blank page appeared, then picked up a pen and sat down.

'I have to write down the core. First of all, what does core mean? Oh, right, core first...'

His brain was so fully awake that he couldn't process too many thoughts at once.

His hand holding the pen trembled. It felt like someone was getting into his head and stealing his thoughts.

He first wrote down a rough guideline in large letters. He felt relieved that he was out of the danger of forgetting.

But his hand was still busy, and he opened the notes he had recorded so far and began to apply numerous ideas to the core.

The pen tip moved as if it would tear the paper.

His handwriting was as bizarre as his speed of thought, and his eyes followed the journey of writing without blinking.

The theory was over and all that was left was calculation. Shirone verified the reality through a simple physical equation.

Accurate calculations required expert verification, but feasibility could be determined by simple formulas. It was such a problem.

When the calculation was finally over, Shirone put down his pen with a thud.

On the last page, on the last line, there was a number that exceeded what he had wanted.

Shirone stared blankly at the note.

As if his soul had been sucked into it, saliva slipped down his throat.

Bang!

His two fists hit the desk like a hammer. Shirone buried his face in his chest and trembled for a long time without moving.

"Haah."

When he lifted his head again, there was no trace of the initial ecstasy of creating a new magic on his face.

"Really... it works."

It's not yet time to be sure. But it was definitely possible in theory.

While there were complex constraints, if the situation fell into place, Shirone could erase heaven from the map.

He felt a surge of fear.

It was such a low possibility that he didn't even need to go further because he thought it was impossible.

His thoughts stretched out to an area that he didn't even need to experience until the end.

It may be a kind of self-defense to counter heaven, which is plotting the final war.

It is rational to say that there is no need to go all the way to something that doesn't have to be experienced.

But.

'If I had known Aider's personality beforehand, would I have pursued the same strategy?'

This was a bit of a difficult question.

If Aider hadn't attacked Maya, would the result be the same if he had still alienated him with rational judgment?

There are two criteria for efficiency that magicians follow. Reason and benefit. If Permy is biased towards benefit, Shirone is inclined to prioritize reason.

Benefit produces immediate results, but reason leads the flow and ultimately yields great benefits.

Neither can be said to be better. However, destroying heaven was clearly a benefit-oriented strategy.

"I have to see Ikael."

Why did she pass on Ataraxia? Did she know that her choice would come back as a boomerang that could destroy heaven?

"I have to see Ikael."

He had one more reason to meet her.

* * *

The graduation class schedule has passed 12 weeks.

The students had been busy running without a break until now, but recently the atmosphere on campus was chaotic. No, not just the school, but the whole kingdom was noisy.

The students in the graduation class always had newspapers in their hands. Whether in the cafeteria or in the park, they talked about the shocking incident that happened at the Magic Association.

Former Magic Association President Mikaia Gauld, wanted for treason

Shirone read the headline that was plastered on top of the newspaper several times and then turned his eyes to the article.
```
[Translated block]


I saw a post that said there was an assassination attempt on King Adolf XII of Thorumia 10 days ago.

Adolf was not a tyrant and was popular in Bashuka, so it was shocking.

But more shocking was the fact that the person behind the assassination was Mika Gold.

Newspapers were competing to publish related evidence.

The fact that he had cut off his footsteps from the association and went into hiding two days before the assassination attempt was also cited as evidence to support the situation.

The students who entered the park heard a grumble.

"Man, it's not something else, it's treason. What are you trying to do with that?"

"Who else? He used to be the pride of the school, but now he's become the shame of the school. If it's treason, the school will also be hit hard. It's a shame to block the way for juniors."

They must have said that because Gold was not there, but on the other hand, they didn't understand their feelings either.

Shirone read the article again.

The people who disappeared with Gold included Gando, the captain of the Magic Association Security Force, and Pluto, the third floor manager.

The bottom column of the newspaper recorded the contents of the question and answer session of the National Security Emergency Hearing held yesterday.

Most of the staff of the Magic Association lined up to doubt Gold's treason.

Only Isabel, a third-class public official and manager of the Magic Association Magic Library, claimed Gold's innocence, but in the end she was arrested on the spot by agents of the Kingdom's National Intelligence Agency and is currently in custody.

"Phew, it's complicated."

Shirone folded the newspaper like a ball and looked up at the sky.

Gold plotted treason.

Is this really possible?

No, if it's someone as skilled as Gold, treason might be possible.

But the problem was why?

Nade said.

"Even a first-class grand mage is on the run because the state is moving. By the way, what happens now? I saw a lot of strange people coming and going to our school earlier. Eruki, do you know anything? You often get letters from your father."

If it was Albino, the head of Yongnoe, he would surely have accurate information, but Eruki shook his head.

"He just said it was premature. Besides, it's not something to write in a letter or something. Those people earlier were probably from the National Intelligence Agency. They'll search everywhere Gold can flee."

Eruki looked back at Shirone.

He knew that he had been to the Magic Association during the vacation. He wasn't sure, but he felt like he was hiding something.

"Shirone, do you know anything?"

"......"

Shirone didn't say anything. Especially in this situation, he had to be more careful about what he said.

If Isabel, a third-class public official, was arrested on the spot, there was no guarantee that his friends or himself would not be harmed.

'What's going on? What's going on?'

Did Gold really try to assassinate the king?

He thought it was unlikely.

He had been preparing for a project for 20 years. The project is only a few months away. The king's assassination may be included in the project, but even so, he felt like he failed too easily.

'According to the article, Gold often showed his reckless personality. He also wrote that he cursed the king in front of foreign diplomats. But didn't he keep his position as chairman of the association? Somehow or other, an emotional equilibrium state between the two powers must have been maintained. But suddenly it broke. Why now?'

It was too rash and terrible for him to face heaven in front of him with all his preparations.

'No, maybe that's why it's inevitable?'

Shirone thought back in time.

'Gold prepared for a project for 20 years. It is impossible to control information perfectly. As ignition time approached, they began to act to put out fires somewhere. That seems most plausible.'

If we assume that this is true, it was the worst situation.
[Translated block]


```
Shirone is a character involved in Gaold's project. He couldn't help but find his name as he infiltrated the National Intelligence Service.

'Who moved it? The Kingdom of Thormia? Or something beyond that? How much do they know? No, how long can they hide it? Then what should I prepare for?'

"......Rone. Shirone."

Shirone woke up from his thoughts and looked at Eruki.

"Huh, yeah?"

"What are you thinking about so much? Are you okay? Your face is pale."

Nade looked at him with concern.

"Oh? Really? Shirone, can't you tell me what's going on? Actually, I didn't ask because I was afraid you'd be in trouble, but if it's something you can't handle by yourself, we'll fight with you."

Revealing was absolutely impossible. It was a situation where he would push his friends into a corner beyond his personal feelings.

Of course, Eruki and Nade would not be unaware of such facts. But because of that, they also understood his silence.

"I'm sorry. I'll tell you everything when I get a chance."

Eruki didn't feel bitter about it.

Shirone was not stupid. If it was something that could be solved by talking, he would have spilled it out long ago. He was just angry that he couldn't help his friend.

"I got it. We'll pretend we don't know. But don't be stubborn. The most important thing is you. If you're in danger, I'll start acting in some way."

He felt relieved when Eruki of the Mercodine family said that.

Albino said he didn't write anything in the letter, but maybe Eruki knew more than he expected. It was a family that could do that.

"Thank you. But I'm really fine. I'll go to the dorm first. I have something to think about."

Shirone got up coldly, but his heart was different. He was glad that Eruki and Nade were there. In the worst case scenario, Amy and Lian wouldn't know either.

Even if he went wrong, they were people who could protect his beloved family enough.

Shirone was satisfied with that.

* * *

As summer came, the rainy days became more frequent.

The morning was sunny, but the fickle weather soon started to sprinkle rain.

That's how the early rainy season came.

At midnight, Shirone stood by the window and watched the rain fall heavily.

It had been three days since Isabel was arrested, but Gaold's news was still missing.

The newspapers inflated the facts and sent out more provocative articles, making him a public enemy.

People suspected of being from the National Intelligence Service were no longer visible. But it could just be hiding their appearance.

The evaluation schedule was also proceeding normally, but the students' motivation was noticeably broken.

They probably felt skeptical about the downfall of the highest magician in the kingdom, who was the president of the Magic Association.

'Is Isabel okay?'

As far as Shirone knew, Isabel was not Gaold's guard.

Then why did she defend Gaold at the hearing? Was it just because of loyalty?

Or is there something else he doesn't know about?

He remembered her beautiful face explaining the laser guidance algorithm kindly.

He also remembered her affectionate look when she put a cubic on his finger and taught him how to use it on the last day.

Knock knock.

Shirone's heart sank at the knock.

It was past midnight.

There was no reason for anyone to come to his room at a time when even the teachers were asleep.

Knock knock.

Shirone entered Spirit Zone. The radius was very narrow so as not to be noticed by the person outside the door.

He didn't hear a voice from the unidentified person as he approached the door with his footsteps silenced.

"......Who is it?"

No answer meant it wasn't his friends. They would have sent some kind of signal if they were.

If he broke down the door, he would escape by teleporting. He only stuck one instruction in his head and narrowed down the distance.
```
[Translated block]


Shirone, who finally arrived at the door, brought his eyes to the hole in the plate.

His expression, which peered out in a state of extreme tension, became blank for a moment, and he quickly grabbed the doorknob and turned it.

"Senior?"

Flu was standing there holding his injured shoulder.

He looked exhausted, his face was pale, and his blue lips trembled. He was a mole who had suffered seriously at a glance.

His clothes were ragged and he didn't even wear underwear, so his flesh was visible through the wet cotton.

The only thing that retained his old appearance was the magician's eyes contained over his glasses.

"Shirone...."

A moment of relief came to Flu's face, but he collapsed into Shirone's arms without finishing his words.

"Senior. Senior."

Shirone hugged Flu and moved him to the bed, then carefully looked around the hallway and closed the door silently.

When he returned to the bed, Flu was already sitting up. He covered his chest with his arm, but it was an act of consideration for Shirone, and there was no shame in his firm expression.

He thought he should prepare some warm tea. But in the end it just stayed in his mind.

He fled from Bashuka to Creas's magic school.

The fact that he came to himself, who had no power at all, meant that their situation was much more serious than expected.

"Senior! What on earth happened? You know I was worried!"

There was too much to say. But he had no idea what to say first.

Flu seemed to be choosing his words in thought. After a while, her face began to distort with resentment.

"Gando-nim, no, Gando...."

Flu slowly turned to Shirone. A tear trickled down his sharp eyes that seemed to pierce even iron plates.

"Gando betrayed us."
[Translated block]