


[375] 16th Volume - Graduation Class Orientation (3)

* * *

As the courage of truth ended, an elderly teacher walked out of the graduation class building.

It was Colly, the head teacher of the graduation class.

"Is the event over?"

The advanced class had few opportunities to see the face of the graduation class teacher, but Colly was a familiar figure to Class Three.

He was the acting principal for a while during the vacancy period before Olivia took over, when Alpheus had stepped down from the principal position for six months due to the arcane incident.

He was a public 6th grade, but he was recognized for his achievements in teaching for decades, so he could be said to be less capable than Shiinana Ethella and Sad, who were based on their abilities.

There is always someone who takes a leadership position at a young age in any organization, but there is also a law of perennial managers and directors.

However, there was no student who was careless because his eye for evaluating ability was better than that of young teachers.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Colly, the head teacher of the graduation class."

"Hello!"

The students of Class Two were more spirited than Class Three.

"We will have a graduation class orientation from now on. Class Three follows me and Class Two enjoys a short break. You know now without saying?"

The faces of Class Two turned pale. But this was also the authority of those who had experienced it first, so they did not hesitate to make a dying face.

Colly led Class Three to the conference room on the first floor of the building.

It was empty and a bit cold.

When 10 students sat around the end of the long table, Colly went up to the opposite podium.

"From now on, you won't have time to learn anything at school."

Colly's words silenced the conversation.

"Basic education ended in advanced classes, and graduation classes only serve as a link between school and society. The most important thing here is whether your skills work in practice or not."

Mine works.

Everyone had the same thought.

"You were born with talents different from ordinary people, and therefore you were not treated as children who always need care at school. This may sound inhumane, but even if you die during class, 50 percent of the responsibility is yours. If it's vague to express it in numbers, let me say this. The school compensates for your death, but does not take responsibility."

It was what I heard at the magic school entrance meeting. However, Colly's words were much more blunt.

"And graduation classes are different. 100 percent, you are responsible for your life. From now on, this place is not a school, but a cooperative institution of the Kingdom Magic Association that will judge whether you can be immediately deployed to the field as full power."

Colly held out a card.

"What you see now is an evaluation teacher certificate issued by the Graduation Examination Evaluation Record Office. From today, all evaluations I record are formalized and submitted to the association. In addition, all institutions under the World Red Line have exclusive access rights to this information."

An unknown chill went around. The things I did in advanced classes were no longer in my memory.

"Then I will explain the graduation class schedule from now on."

As he pulled out a gold thread, a curtain with a diagram of graduation class evaluation items came down.

"This is written as the graduation class schedule. It is conducted in 30 weeks, and six items are rotated weekly for evaluation."

Pandora raised her hand.

"Can I write it down?"

"No. The first day evaluation is interpersonal combat. The 30 graduates change their opponents every week and compete with each other. The victory is 3 points, the draw is 1 point, and the defeat is 0 points. That means you will compete with everyone once in 29 weeks. There is no interpersonal combat in week 30. This is because it can have a negative impact on graduation exams."

Boyle raised his hand.

"I have a question. You said that a draw is 1 point, but can there be a draw in a confrontation?"

"The one whose mental power gauge reaches 0 loses. However, if both reach 0 at the same time or no winner is decided within the time limit of 10 minutes, it will be treated as a draw and each will get 1 point."
[Translated block]


```text
'As expected, there is a time limit.'

Shirone thought he was optimistic about interpersonal combat, as there were majors who were not specialized in combat in the graduation class.

But if they devised a defensive strategy, they had a chance to endure 10 minutes and get one point.

"Day 2 evaluation, mental activity. The place is the image zone training ground. A hologram made of geometric filters approaches every 3 seconds. You have to transform your spirit zone so that it doesn't touch the hologram and pass through the filter. The difficulty level goes up every week, and the score is graded from 5 points to 0 points depending on the number of successes."

'Ugh, that's really hard.'

Shirone also transformed his spirit zone to rescue hostages in Bashuka's Gold City. But it was a tricky job, as durability was his strength.

On the other hand, Arin was relaxed. The mental flexibility of mental magicians was unparalleled, so it wasn't a very difficult event.

Canis, who knew that fact, leaned over and whispered, 'You have to get a perfect score on that.'

Of course, Arin obediently nodded.

"Day 3, tactical strategy. It's a group evaluation. They are divided into six groups according to their rank from first to thirtieth, and the five members in the same group will face simulation monsters at the two thousand training ground. The first group to complete the mission gets 5 points, and the last group gets 0 points."

Even with a short explanation, the students realized the seriousness of the situation.

A rule that always gives 0 points.

And collective responsibility.

If you cut by rank, you can see that they are similar in level, but the responsibility will be hidden within the same group. There was bound to be conflict among team members.

Of course, it was natural that there was a high probability of that in the group that got 0 points.

"Day 4, specialty enhancement. There are 20 evaluation items according to your major. Each item is classified into 10 levels, and you get 1 point for each level. For reference, the 10th level difficulty of the 'heat' item in the fire category is 1,000 degrees Celsius."

'Master level is 1,000 degrees Celsius?'

It's not a student level difficulty.

Of course, Amy reached a thousand degrees city during the vacation, but it was thanks to Hongan's ability to remove entropy.

'In other words, it's a professional achievement.'

"Specialty enhancement is not possible for duplicate acquisition. If you reach a certain level, the previous level's score will be erased. You will register your major during individual counseling time tomorrow, so decide carefully."

'That's right...'

If you pass the master level and get 10 points, you can't get any more points. But you can adjust your score at will and get high scores in the early stages, so it was an event that would be a major variable in the competition.

"Day 5, cognition and judgment. The place is virtual zone. You've all experienced it at the entrance ceremony test."

Shirone also took a test in virtual zone. He counted the number of balls and also said how cold and hot he felt.

"But graduation class is different. You will experience extreme situations. The key is how long you survive depending on your judgment. This is also graded from 5 points to 0 points depending on your level."

Shirone grimaced. Other students who had confidently passed through the steel gate also looked dark.

"Day 6 evaluation. Energy implementation. This is also done in virtual zone. For example, if you get a problem like raise the temperature to positive 3 degrees in an environment of minus 27 degrees Celsius, you can solve it using 36 basic magic regulations designated by the association."

Energy implementation was also difficult for Shirone.

Of course he scored over 80 points on all subjects in theory test but anyway other students did too so he couldn't say he had competitiveness.

"That's all for six evaluation items you have to do in a week. You will rotate this for 30 weeks and earn points and rank will be rearranged every day according to total score."

Bang! Bang! As soon as Colly's words ended some students banged their foreheads on the table.

Shirone also opened his arms and lay down.

He just wanted to sleep.

'Is this week one evaluation? Amy how did you survive here for a year? No how did you think of doing this again?'
```

Do you have any questions or
[Translated block]


Colly smiled and said.

"Rest if you want to. You are semi-pros. But if this is too much for you, you won't be able to graduate."

The students' upper bodies slowly rose. Yeah, let's hear what else there is, they had that look in their eyes.

"There is a whole evaluation. It takes place on the last holiday of every four weeks and the events are almost identical to the graduation exam: 'interpersonal combat', 'high ground capture', 'magic operation', 'finishing move', 'survival', 'tactical strategy'."

It was like a mock graduation exam.

"The whole evaluation is free to form teams. You can team up with whoever you want. If you win the whole evaluation, you get 20 points. On the other hand, if you lose, you lose 20 points."

The students were agitated by the huge score allocation.

If you get 20 points for yourself and take 20 points from your opponent, you can create a gap of 40 points in the end.

'This is... too cruel.'

Amy's words that they were welcome to hell were not an exaggeration.

"Assuming that you get full marks in all subjects until week 30, the maximum score that an individual can get is 87 points for interpersonal combat, 150 points for mental activity, 150 points for tactical strategy, 150 points for cognition and judgment, 200 points for special skill enhancement, 300 points for battery implementation, adding up to a total of 1,037 points."

Numbers started spinning in the students' heads.

"Adding 120 points if you win all six whole evaluations, the conclusion is that 1,157 points is the perfect score. According to statistics, the average score of the cut-off line for graduation is 1,000 points."

"1,000 points..."

Shirone blankly opened her mouth. It was a figure that required obtaining 86.4 percent of the total score allocation.

"The evaluation takes place every day except holidays, so the ranking also changes every day depending on the score. In the beginning, the difficulty level is low so there won't be much fluctuation, but as the order progresses, it's normal to bounce around. This is your journey for a year."

A tense silence hung over the conference room.

'1,000 points? That's not easy. This is really not easy.'

It wasn't just a matter of being good at fighting or having outstanding talent.

It was an evaluation of everything that a magician should have.

"Then I'll tell you the most important thing last."

The students' eyes turned back to Colly.

"The graduation class schedule will start in two days and the evaluation will take place for 30 weeks. And you..."

Colly put down his baton and leaned back.

"Have the right to refuse all these evaluations."

It sounded like the conference room was buzzing in their minds.

"So, you mean we can give up on the evaluation?"

"Yes. To be precise, it means that the scores from the evaluation do not affect the success or failure of the graduation exam. Even if you don't take the evaluation, you will graduate if you pass the exam."

Sabina asked.

"Is there any restriction if we refuse the evaluation?"

"Not really a restriction, but students who refuse the evaluation are restricted from entering the training ground."

"Hmm... No spectatorship."

They couldn't see their opponents' abilities with their own eyes.

But since there were factions in the last graduation exam as well, they could make strategies as long as they had one person in them, so it wasn't a restriction.

Nade asked.

"Then what's the advantage of taking the evaluation?"

"It seems like you're misunderstanding something. I said you're semi-pros. This isn't homework. There's no such thing as an advantage when you do it or a disadvantage when you don't. The judgment is up to you."

Colly touched his forehead and leaned forward.

"On graduation exam day, scouts from Red Line Associations around the world will be dispatched. If it's one of the top five prestigious schools, you'll probably have scouts from dozens of countries watching."

The students' pupils shone brightly.

"According to Red Line regulations, the school has an obligation to provide your profiles. From a scout's perspective, it adds depth to their judgment, but if your evaluation scores are a mess, it could be poison. This is such a problem. It's not about the school, but about how each of you will shape your lives."
[Translated block]


"I see. From now on, graduation is not everything."

Red Line operates a trade system to prevent the defection of its affiliated magicians.

Of course, the first priority for negotiation is the association of their own country, but it was not a problem to pay a transfer fee and take them away if the negotiation failed.

What major will you choose and what institution will you work for? And finally, what will you achieve in your life?

The moment they entered the graduation class, their life as a magician had already begun.

"That concludes the briefing. There will be individual interviews tomorrow, so choose your major carefully today."
[Translated block]