


```text
[268] Kingdom of Kazra (5)

Orkamp raised his hand to welcome them.

"You must have had a hard time coming all this way. Shirone, you know why you came here, right?"

"Yes, I do."

"Okay, let's talk more in a separate place. They must have had a tough journey, so give them rooms and food."

The chief steward in charge of the royal palace nodded.

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Shirone lifted his head and looked at Orkamp.

It was a reunion between father and son after 18 years. But he couldn't hear any personal words from him.

Is this what it means to be a king? Does being a king mean that you can't even show your personal feelings?

Maybe he had no feelings for his abandoned son at all.

If he really loved his child, he wouldn't have abandoned him no matter what difficulties he faced.

But he did, and so much time had passed.

He didn't know why he called him, but maybe it was something he didn't need to bother looking for.

Shirone's party left the grand hall with a hollow feeling, following the chief steward.

The guest rooms where they stayed were two people per room.

Vincent and Olina shared one room, and Amy and Reyna shared another.

But the chief steward didn't give Shirone a room.

"Shirone will stay in the inner chamber with His Majesty's family."

Amy stepped out with a surprised expression.

"We didn't hear anything about that."

It was dangerous to leave Shirone alone in the royal palace where they didn't know what plots were lurking.

But the chief steward looked at Amy strangely.

"That's natural. Shirone is the one who will become royalty."

"It's not even sure yet."

The chief steward frowned.

That was something that a mere servant couldn't know.

According to the rumors he heard, the verification of the first prince was just a formality. He didn't understand why they were acting like this.

Also, he heard that Shirone was a commoner. If he had such a blessing, he would have thanked God on his knees.

But their expressions seemed to have no good feelings, but rather some kind of awkwardness.

"What's going on?"

The administrative officer Ordos came over.

The chief steward bowed his head quickly and told him about Shirone's party's complaints.

Ordos also didn't like it, but he didn't think it was an unusual situation. They must have understood the situation of Kazra if they had brains.

Ordos looked at Shirone and said.

"There are laws in the palace. It would cause a lot of trouble to change the rooms of the royal family. But if you are so uncomfortable, I will suggest it."

Shirone didn't want to cause trouble as soon as he entered the palace, so he shook his head.

He was wary of the dangerous situation, but he still wanted to believe that his biological parents wouldn't harm him.

If that wasn't the case... even if they had the same blood, there would be no reason for him to stay here.

"Okay. I'll go to the inner chamber. I can see everyone at mealtime, right?"

Ordos shook his head.

"You will have separate seats at mealtime. It is against the law for commoners to join the royal family's mealtime."

Shirone clenched his face.

Vincent and Olina were benefactors who raised him for 18 years and his only parents.&nbsp;

Even if he was of royal blood, he didn't want to deny that fact at all.

Come to think of it, none of the people from Kazra had ever expressed their gratitude to Vincent and Olina.

Maybe they thought they didn't abandon their child, but just left him for a while.

As a servant follows the king's command, they must have taken Vincent and Olina's good deeds for granted.

Shirone couldn't accept that.

If his parents were treated like this, he wouldn't mind going back home now.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"I can't do that. Please let me have dinner with you."

"Si, Siro... We're fine."

Vincent said with a thoughtful face.

He had been tormented by the royal family and the nobles for his whole life, and he knew how dangerous Siro's remark was.

But Siro didn't back down.

If there had to be a clash of some kind, now was the most favorable time to assert his will.

"No. Then I won't attend either. You have to join us for dinner with your parents."

Ordos bit his lip and pondered.

He was a very audacious child. Did he think he had everything just because he was named the first prince?

Of course he would become a prince, but that didn't mean the power structure would change.

There was an existing first prince in the palace, the son of Teraze.

He wondered anew as he thought that far.

Even though he announced publicly that he would bring Eliza's biological son on a large scale, Teraze's side didn't show any movement.

It could mean that they were confident, or it could be a silent pressure to act on their own to the forces they had planted in Kazra.

The empress's power was formidable. Until now, there was no way to oppose her, so there was no clear division of factions, but from now on, it was time to line up well.

But Ordos was skeptical.

He had shown his prominence at the magic school, but that was hardly enough to challenge them, Teraze's children.

"I understand what Siro-nim is saying, but it's not my decision. It's against the law and it could turn into a national incident if we're not careful. So I'm sorry, but why don't you ask His Majesty directly?"

Siro nodded his head as if he had nothing to fear.

"Okay. I'll talk to him myself."

"Then go ahead. I'll guide you to the inner room."

Siro followed Ordos and looked back and said.

"I'll be back. See you later."

Reina watched Siro fade away.

Did he really intend to bring Vincent and Olina to the royal table?

The etiquette of the royal family was higher than the law of the country. Because of the nature of the monarchy, the country would shake if the king's authority was insulted.

The decision was bound to bring danger in some way.

Olina grabbed Reina's sleeve and pleaded.

"We're really fine. It would be better to stop Siro. I want to talk too, but I don't know anything...."

It wasn't just because Olina's knowledge was short.&nbsp;

Reina also couldn't understand what Siro was thinking by doing this.

"It's strange. He's not stubborn."

"Siro has already started a fight."

Reina asked Amy, looking back at her.

"A fight?"

Amy recalled the conversation she had with Siro and said.

"Siro accepted the invitation from the palace because he wanted to meet his biological parents. But Siro doesn't care about being a successor or a prince. He's going to go back to magic school and live with his family. Of course, those two are his family here. That's why he can't compromise. If he steps back from here, he'll be pushed around until the end. Siro chose the royal table as a point to gain strategic advantage."

"Our son...."

Olina teared up.

They were such bad parents. They couldn't protect their son in this situation, let alone receive his care.

She wanted to fight too. Whether it was the king or whatever, she wanted to claim that he was her son because she raised him in front of him.

But she couldn't do that.

It wasn't because she lacked courage.

It was none other than the royal family. And Siro was trying to become a prince of a country.

Vincent wrapped Olina's shoulder and said.

"Let's watch. He's our son. He's a deep child. We just have to follow what he says."

Olina nodded her head, wiping her tears.
```
[Translated block]


```
The Bloodline of Teraje (1)

Shirone entered the inner chamber where the royal family resided.

It was a sight that was completely different from the rest of the castle, like another castle within the castle.

The walls were decorated with bright golden wallpaper and portraits of the royal family, and the floor was covered with luxurious carpets.

Shirone headed to Orcamp's room. It was easy to find, as it was located at the very end of the castle.

As he entered the library, Orcamp was sitting at his desk, lost in thought. It took him a while to notice that Shirone had arrived, and he got up from his seat and said.

"Have you come?"

His tone was more emotional than in the grand hall, but the initial awkwardness was still there.

"Come this way. Mother is waiting for you."

Mother meant Orcamp Eliza, the queen of Kazra. Orcamp said nothing more than that, and did not say a word on the way. Shirone was too nervous to even notice that fact. It was the moment he would meet his mother who gave birth to him.

Eliza's room was arguably the most luxurious and extravagant space in Kazra. In a huge room, there was a pure white bed that could fit ten people, and on top of it was a woman who was even paler.

There was no law that said that the queen of a country had to be beautiful, but she was beautiful, and her large eyes were filled with sadness.

"Ah...."

Eliza was too moved to continue her words.

She got up from the bed and hugged Shirone without saying any of the words she had prepared beforehand.

Shirone just stood there. He felt like he should hug her back, but for some reason he couldn't move a finger.

She smelled good. It was a very expensive and noble royal scent that Shirone had never smelled before.

But it wasn't Ollina's smell.

"My son, you finally came. I'm sorry...! Please forgive me!"

Shirone felt a lump in his throat at Eliza's sobbing voice.

When he was young, he had resented his parents who abandoned him. But Vincent and Ollina filled the emptiness of his bloodline with their immense love.

That's why he felt guilty. He also felt strange about his inability to say kind words to Eliza.

"I have... parents who raised me outside."

Eliza let go of him and looked at his face.

He was a very beautiful boy. He was also her own, and Orcamp's noble bloodline.

"Yes, but not anymore. I'm your mother. You're going to be the first prince and inherit the kingdom. Don't worry about anything. From now on, I'll protect you."

Shirone felt suffocated.&nbsp;

He didn't know what emotion made him angry yet, but he regretted coming here for the first time.

"I want to have dinner with them. I know it's against the law of the kingdom, but I think they deserve it."

Eliza looked puzzled and turned to her husband.

Orcamp was also disappointed by Shirone's words. How could a person who would become the king of a country care so much about a peasant nanny?

Orcamp doubted whether Shirone had the qualities of a successor, but soon shook his head.

If he had Orcamp's bloodline, there was no way he could be like that.

He just grew up in a different environment and hadn't awakened his tyrant's nature yet.

Shirone had to become the first prince. That was the only way to counter Teraje's power.

Orcamp said with an unhappy expression.

"Do you have to do that? Dinner is something that families share. I don't like having uninvited guests. I'll give them separate orders so they won't feel hurt."

Shirone shook his head firmly. And he glared at Eliza with fierce eyes.

Was this it? Was the law of a meal more important than the hard work of raising their son? Is that why they threw him away like a loyal dog when the kingdom faced a crisis?
```
[Translated block]
Eliza read the disappointment and frustration in Shirone's eyes and quickly changed her mind. She had agreed to abandon Shirone when he was a baby, but that was only for her husband Orcamp's sake.

What mother in the world would want to leave her child behind? She had suffered from guilt all her life, and she was willing to do anything that Shirone asked of her.

"If that's what you want, I'll do it for you. It's no big deal, since I took care of you. Besides, it's what our son wants."

Eliza was moved by her own words and hugged Shirone again, sobbing.
[Translated block]