


[485] Night of Heaven (3)

"What are you thinking about?"

The underground of Lakiya's Hall of Corruption.

Kang Nan raised his eyes as he came out of his flashback.

Mauriel's fallen angel, Mara Torco, looked at him with a smile that smelled like rotten meat.

"Are you prepared for the terrible torture that is coming soon? But blocking your thoughts won't help at all."

Torco grabbed Kang Nan's collar and tore it with a snap.

"We are all slaves of time. If you stretch your time lengthwise, you have exactly 18 hours left. Only pain and extinction await you in that time."

Torco wanted to shake him back to reality, but time had already stopped in Kang Nan's head.

"Gaold won't come."

This is the end. Therefore, it doesn't matter what future awaits him.

"Kukuku, then all you have left is a miserable scream."

As Kang Nan responded with a sneer until the end, Torco's face finally lost any expression.

"I got an interesting material for a change."

Torco slowly backed away and held out both hands, and his two-pronged whip was in his hands.

"First of all, I have to chop up the meat."

As soon as he finished speaking, Torco swung his arms alternately.

Every time the whip hit him, Kang Nan felt a pain as if his skin was burning.

'It hurts.'

The pain went through his nerves and into his brain, spreading as a new mental pain.

'It hurts.'

At the end of the pain, what he felt was more and more faint emotion.

'It must have always been like this.'

Breathing felt like swallowing glass dust, and walking felt like walking on nails.

But Gaold endured everything and came this far.

Therefore, he can endure it too.

'I won't scream.'

Every time the harsh whip hit his cheek, Kang Nan remembered the time he spent with Gaold in his head like a flash of lightning.

* * *

"The sun is setting."

Sein checked that it was getting dark outside the forest and approached Gaold.

He was still biting his thumb, and his eyes were murderous enough to kill anything that approached him, but Sein couldn't give in any more.

"Decide, Gaold. What are you going to do?"

His teeth snapped together as Gaold's self-harm stopped.

No one here knows what kind of existence Kang Nan is to him.

How could they?

He realized now that he himself had forgotten what she had given him.

Only the maze.

He poured all his passion into turning the stopped clock, so he never had time to think about who was following him behind.

'How pathetic.'

Miro didn't like it and frowned as he sat on a rock with his legs crossed.

His left leg crossed over his knee shook as he expressed his displeasure.

Arius crawled over to him and caught his shaking foot with his head as his master was in a bad mood.

He licked the dirt off his bare feet with his tongue and then sucked on his toes.

If Arius was human, Miro was a god, and if Miro was human, Arius was something less than human.

Their relative positions did not change, so Miro just left him alone.

Then he pulled out his toes from his mouth and kicked Arius's face in annoyance.

"Nyak! Nyak!"

Miro got up with a bang and walked over to Gaold, whether Arius rolled around on the floor or not.

"Hey! Make it clear! Me or that woman? I can't stand it anymore!"

In Miro's mind, a huge map of heaven and humanity was drawn, but if he came down to a more human side, it was natural that his pride was hurt by Gaold's indecision.

Of course, he didn't intend to accept him even if Gaold chose him.

But that made it even more absurd that he was stuck between two women.
[Translated block]


Gaold slowly turned his gaze and looked up at Miro.

The woman he had wanted so much, the woman he had staked his whole life on, was in front of him and he had no doubt that Miro loved him.

But why did his heart waver?

His heart, which should have blindly run towards Miro, was shaking like a dirt road every time he thought of Gangnan.

"I have some idea of what kind of life you lived."

Miro was sure of Gaold's reaction.

"You must have been tempered through countless pains. It was a time when you reached here only looking at me for 20 years."

Gaold just listened.

It was a touching moment that the woman he had wanted more than his life recognized his efforts, but he finally realized.

The fact that he could never have come this far on his own.

"You know, don't you?"

Miro recalled the look in Gangnan's eyes when they faced each other in the last moment.

"While you were running only looking at me, that kid was running only looking at your back."

Gaold took his eyes off Miro and looked straight ahead.

Maybe for the first time.

The moment Gangnan was standing in front of him.

"I don't know what kind of story you two have, but..."

"I'm going."

Gaold cut off Miro's words and got up.

Everyone's eyes were on him, or rather, on his lips.

"I'm going to save the mutt."

No one disagreed with Gaold's decision.

It was his fight from the beginning.

Only Miro's expression had a faint trace of resentment.

The price to get Gangnan back was Miro's death.

He had already prepared himself, so he had nothing to fear, but when Gaold made this decision, he felt a strange jealousy for the first time in his life.

But such human emotions disappeared without a trace in his huge spirit, and he smiled again with a cheerful expression.

"Okay, then let's go. After you send me off and get that kid back..."

"No. I'm going alone."

Sein frowned and asked.

"Alone? What are you going to do?"

"I told you, I'm going to get the mutt back."

"But without Miro..."

Sein stopped as if he realized something.

"You, don't tell me?"

Gaold was determined to end it.

He had achieved something more impossible than death, so he could afford to repeat it.

No matter what the outcome, there was no future for Gaold anymore.

"There could be a final war. Miro can't die."

He had given up everything in front of Gaold's feelings, but Sein knew better than anyone that fact.

"Hmph, do you feel any sense of responsibility for the chaos of humanity caused by you?"

"No."

Gaold turned his head and showed a mocking smile.

"What do I know about that? I'm just going to see Gangnan. The rest is up to you guys."

From Shin to Miro, and now to Gangnan.

A human who only knew how to run forward, maybe that was what Gaold thought of Miro.

'Yes. That's why I...'

Miro, who watched Gaold leave the forest faintly, said.

"Hey, don't you say goodbye after doing all this?"

Gaold didn't look back, but kicked away a branch blocking his way.

"Let's do that when I come back. I've reserved it once."

Miro laughed softly when he realized that it wasn't about saying goodbye.

It was something she had said herself, so it was awkward to go back on it.

"Let's see then. If you come back with all your limbs intact."

"Kukuku."

Gaold shrugged his shoulders and disappeared into the forest.

'You've grown stronger, Gaold. Really stronger.'

He was still frustratingly stubborn as an outsider, but he really made it.

He became a man who could look him in the eye with confidence.

'Goodbye, Gaold.'

Miro turned to Sein and there was no longer any laughter on his face.
[Translated block]


"We have to move quickly from now on. The risk that humanity will have to face will depend on whether we can go back or not."

Sain said.

"What are you going to do? You stopped the explosion with Stop, but there might be someone among the archangels who can undo the magic."

It was a fact that he realized after seeing the judicial madness of Uriel, the archangel of destruction.

Ikael's Ataraxia was also beyond human common sense, but Ragnarok was also a power with a strange nature that was not inferior to him.

He attacks with a physical attack that surrounds his whole body with the concept of destruction.

The original concept does not shake anything, so once Ragnarok is activated, there was no way to stop Uriel.

Miro clenched his jaw and said.

"The one who can undo the Stop magic would be Rayel, the archangel of light. His judicial madness can achieve light speed. If Stop is released, my head will fly off."

Armin said.

"If he can use light speed, he won't be trapped in the time reversal field. But undoing the magic is another problem. He probably won't be able to destroy it easily."

Sain asked.

"Roughly how long do you estimate it will take for the magic to be undone?"

"If it's an archangel's ability, then maybe..."

Armin was lost in thought and opened his mouth.

"It will take about 5 minutes."

Miro nodded his head.

"That's enough. I'll try it from now on. You guys focus on your own operations."

"What are you going to do?"

"Arius."

As Miro called, Arius came wagging his tail like he had one.

"Stop doing stupid things. I grant you language from now on."

Then, as if nothing had happened, Arius sat down on one knee.

"Arius. I receive my master's command."

"There must be a door installed in my head. Go back into the ritual again. It should be easy the second time."

"That may be true, but... I won't be able to undo the archangel's magic circle with my ability."

"You don't need to worry about that. I'll remove the magic circle."

Miro explained the plan.

"Kariel's magic circle blocks the cerebral circuit and prevents concentration. That's why you're my nerve. Connect my nerve through a route that bypasses the magic circle. As soon as you enter the spirit zone, I'll shrink the magic circle infinitely with scale magic. The explosion can't be stopped, but that should be enough to handle it."

This was the horror of scale magic.

If you maximize the relative size, all kinds of reason created by intelligence become meaningless.

Sain also thought it was an excellent judgment.

"Can you make it in time? If Stop is released right now, you're dead."

"That's why I have to hurry. Once Arius enters the ritual, time will be different from there. 5 minutes. It should be possible."

"Okay, I can only trust you. Be careful."

It doesn't make sense to worry about Miro of all people.

"Let's go, Arius."

Arius read his master's mind and teleported Miro to a place where no one was with flicker magic.

That's how Sain sent off Gaoold and Miro and thought about a strategy to end the war for real.

The first goal of Miro's escape was half successful, and he thought of something that he felt before coming to heaven.

"There is no movement of angels even though war has broken out. How can this be?"

He was interfered by Uriel and Kariel in Second Heaven, but apart from that, only fallen angels and maras were visible.

Fighting a war without ordinary angels was like tying both arms and fighting from heaven's point of view.

'There must be something going on that we don't know about. Where are they moving? Heaven? Or on the human side?'

Anyway, the fact that ordinary angels didn't move was good news for the rebels.

'If there is no special contact, Shirone will activate God's punishment by noon. We can't miss this opportunity.'
[Translated block]
 Whatever the outcome, the war will end tomorrow.
[Translated block]