


[583] In the Name of God (2)

* * *

All the participants in the Scrumble had their eyes fixed on a point in the sky.

Electricity generated from the ground was discharging the atmosphere, and lightning was falling from the sky again.

"What's that?"

Hershey postponed the analysis, admiring the spectacle.

He had only seen that level of lightning in real combat when the Electric Monster Raikon faced a professional magician.

'It's where Nade is.'

Violent lightning that didn't dare to explore with sonar.

And finally, a huge light flashed as if to crack the world, and a roar exploded from the summit.

Then it was quiet.

* * *

'Nade! Wait!'

Sabina quickly retraced her steps.

Even she hadn't expected Nade to have this much magic power.

'The biggest problem is...'

Once magic is implemented, its effect is physical even to the magician.

If it's a thunderstorm that can devastate the top of a mountain, there's no way Nade could be safe.

"Nade...!"

Sabina, who returned to the battlefield, was nailed to the spot, unable to call her name.

Everything was turning to ash and crumbling in the wind, and only Nade was standing on the ground.

'It was like that then...'

The fear she felt when she was lynched by Nade hit Sabina's heart again.

It's not just because she's weak-hearted.

What's happening to Nade now is definitely some 'phenomenon', a real sense of danger.

Where Nade had walked, Prince, whose mustache was scorched and shriveled, lay spread-eagled.

As Nade, who had lit up the thunder in his right hand, reached out to cut off his breath, he opened his mouth.

"...Please save me."

The reason why a lifetime of sincerity was contained in a short word is because Nade is really going to kill him.

If there is a grade to killing, the place where Nade is located is pure malice without a speck.

It's different from animals killing to eat or humans killing to possess.

'There is no purpose.'

So it would be fair to call it nature.

Typhoons, earthquakes, lightning kills creatures without any meaning, it was a predator located at the top of the pyramid of killing.

"Why should I save you?"

Prince, who looked at Nade, turned his gaze to the sky as if to run away as soon as he saw his face.

He couldn't stand to look for even a second.

On the contrary, Nade was observing everything about Prince as if he had a carcass in front of him.

The trembling of the body terrified, the desperate breathing of the creature.

Then he found a bandaged finger and lifted his foot to step on his hand.

"Ugh!"

"Don't make a sound."

The sound disappeared as if it had been cut with a knife.

"Huh! Huh! Huh!"

As Nade approached his face, Prince's nostrils stuck to each other every time he breathed in fear.

"Don't breathe."

The breath disappeared.

"That's right. Die like that."

'Don't breathe!'

Even if he didn't breathe, he would die anyway, but the reason he couldn't think of that was because Nade was scarier than death.

'Am I dying...'

"Tell me. Why shouldn't I kill you?"

At that moment when consciousness was fading, Prince's eyes popped open.

'There's still hope!'

What he felt in the second question was a hint of humanity.

'He hasn't completely crossed the line. No, is he desperately suppressing it?'

He didn't know how it was possible, but it was definitely the last chance to live.

"If you kill me... you'll be expelled. You'll go to jail. The kingdom's powerhouses will kill you."

"I don't care."

Humanity disappeared from Nade's voice again.

"Huh! Huh!"

Tears flowed between Prince's teeth.

"Think. Roll your head. Because I don't know. So you have to convince me."

Nade declared.

"I'll give you 3 seconds."
[Translated block]


"Ugh! Ugh!"

Prings closed his eyes tightly and whimpered.

'Think! I have to think!'

The brain of a creature facing death thirsted for answers at an unprecedented speed.

The brain, the nerves connected to the brain, and the cells throughout the body began to release all their energy in response.

'There must be a reason why I can't die.'

A unique neural pattern of the brain that had never appeared before flashed, and all the knowledge he knew came up at once.

When he couldn't find the answer there, he even began to go back through all his past experiences.

The day he decided to become a pervert, overflow, infancy sucking on his mother's milk...

Reaching the end of all his experiences, even the two faint experiences separated into sperm and egg when he was a fetus in the womb, he reached...

"Die."

'I found it!'

Prings' eyes popped open.

"If you kill me!"

The afterimage of electricity flickering in front of his retina.

"You can never come back."

"......"

Prings finished his sentence by using up all the air in his lungs.

"You're desperately holding back. If you cross the line here, you... you can never come back. So..."

The voice he squeezed out crawled up his throat.

"Please save me..."

The electricity went out with a snap from Nade's hand.

"Take out the master card."

Prings rummaged through his pocket, not knowing how his broken fingers were twisted.

"Tear it."

As the card was separated with a snap, Nade got up from his seat and left.

With each step he heard, Prings' body convulsed.

'Nade...'

Sabina reached out to Nade, who was getting farther away.

It was fortunate that he didn't cross the line.

'But...'

What he realized today is that he can't get closer.

No one in the world will be able to handle being by his side.

Unless he lets them.

"Ha."

Nade, sitting on the burnt rock, covered his cursed face with both hands and exhaled.

His original face was revealed through the implementation of the inspection image.

Thanks to the cool release, he regained some of his sanity, but what flooded in was a terrible regret and loathing for himself.

'Face. This face!'

Even without a mirror, the image of his mother imprinted in his brain told him about his current self.

"Damn it!"

The two hands that were covering his face stood up like awls.

As he scratched his skin with his nails, a red line was drawn on his face.

"Ugh!"

Prings was breathless just hearing Nade's scream.

"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!"

Tears welled up in his bloodshot eyes as he sucked in air.

Nade, Prings.

Retire.

* * *

The 6th day Scramble Royal ended and the Shirone team gathered at the hideout.

"Iruki, what happened? Why Nade..."

Shirone asked as soon as she arrived.

According to Lulu's signal, Nade had left the area and was judged out of bounds.

Iruki waited for the other team members without a word.

Sabina, who appeared powerless, bowed her head at Iruki's silent gaze.

'Hmm, so that's what happened?'

Nade won't be seen for a while.

'He was like that before.'

The bloody fight in the middle of a rainy night passed through his mind.

'But at least there were no casualties. He held on until the end. Well done, Nade.'

"Iruki, tell me. What happened to Nade?"

Iruki hesitated for a moment.

But he would have wanted it to be unknown to anyone else, but only to Shirone.

"Shirone, Nade likes you more than me."

"What are you talking about all of a sudden?"

"So trust me. Everyone has secrets they want to hide. You did too."

"But I..."

"Yes, you told me. So listen directly. Nade will definitely come back to us. Let's focus on the match for now."
[Translated block]


Shirone firmly shut her mouth.

A moment later, Dorothy arrived and finally, Amy trudged through the bushes.

"Amy? What happened to you?"

She was covered in dust, just like Shirone at the end of the first day of the Scramble Royale.

"It's no joke, Kaiden."

She sat down and stuck out her tongue.

"They chased me like they had rabies... Shirone, how did you endure this?"

"Did the target change to you? That's cowardly..."

Amy shook her head firmly.

"No. This is a problem between us two. We have personal feelings to sort out. Anyway, I'll take care of Kaiden tomorrow. Is that okay?"

In a situation where Shirone had to stop Eden, there was no better candidate than Amy.

"Sure. We have the advantage in numbers, so it's good to have one person restrained."

"Right, speaking of which, Anchar retired. He couldn't attend the mid-summon because he was fighting with Kaiden, what happened?"

"He negotiated with me."

"With you?"

Given Shirone's personality, she wouldn't have agreed to such a negotiation.

"Is there a reason?"

"Yes. It's about Istas, but it's complicated to explain. You'll definitely hear about it if you win the Scramble Royale."

Iruki summarized.

"We currently have 28 Scrambles. The opponent has 30."

"Sorry. I wanted to at least match the number."

At Dorothy's words, Iruki shook his head.

"You did well against insect magic. We have one day left. It will be a real sword fight between Hershey and me."

Sabina asked.

"What's the strategy?"

"Dorothy and I will form a team and move. Hershey will probably team up with Pisho. We will fight using the Scrambles we collected today, and at the same time, we will collect the Scrambles that will be summoned tomorrow to make the strongest hand."

"So it's a real card game."

"That's the game. But there are many external variables. First of all, Amy will take care of Kaiden, and Shirone has to destroy Eden's infinity."

"Should I change my hand now?"

It was better for Shirone to prepare her infinity to face Eden.

"Before that, there's something to check."

Iruki asked.

"You cast Ataraxia during the day, right? How was it?"

Everyone focused on Shirone.

"To be honest, it's a really strong barrier. Even if I increased the output, I probably couldn't have destroyed it."

The power of the photon cannon that passed through Ataraxia was a shock to her friends who had experienced it several times.

"That much..."

Iruki came up with a new idea.

"If we want to give Shirone infinity, we have to use 12 of the Scrambles we currently have."

In order to change Shirone's ●○●●○●(Extinction) to ○○○○○○(Infinity), and the infinity that Shirone should have, were needed separately.

"So there are two infinities? Isn't that okay?"

"Then the enemies will also make two infinities. From then on, it's war. But this is meaningless. As long as we have Scrambles, we can make infinity at any time, and then the alliance team with Pisho is advantageous."

"So what are you going to do?"

"It's up to Shirone now. Can you really destroy Eden's barrier?"

As Shirone hesitated, Amy asked.

"What does that mean?"

"If Shirone can destroy the barrier, I won't change Shirone's hand."

"Then Eden can call Kang, right? Bring the master card."

"That's why it's a one-time opportunity. It's the 6th round of Scramble, the last one. If Eden doesn't have a master card, she can't call Kang anyway, and the game ends when the barrier is destroyed."

Dorothy said.

"On the other hand, we can save 12 Scrambles. And if Eden has a master card, then we make two infinities."
[Translated block]
"That's right. Tomorrow is definitely a match of the combination. I don't want to waste 12 scrambles on Shirone now. So I'm asking. Shirone, if you can break Eden's shield, I will use 12 scrambles for the card game with Hershey. Can you do it?"

"Hmm."

After carefully considering, Shirone lifted her head.

"I can do it."

It was something that had to be done.
[Translated block]