


```
[190] 5. Nor's Shelter (5)

Shirone threw an elixir to the merchant who had a drone.

The merchant's body trembled as he caught it with both hands. He was so moved that he could barely hold it properly.

It was a white elixir, not red, green, or yellow.

Shirone flipped his palm and said.

"How about that, are we done? Now give the goods to Kanya."

"That's not good enough. I need that elixir too for the deal to happen."

"Then why don't you take it from this person?"

The merchant's eyes twitched. He realized that Shirone's action was not a simple provocation.

As if to prove it, Shirone fiddled with the elixir and looked at the merchant.

"What are you going to do about that? Can you give it back?"

"No, no! I can't cancel the deal!"

The merchant panicked and waved his hand.

Of course, the drone of Mecha was valuable. But only if it was in a usable condition.

The drone he sold was actually something that should be disposed of at the yellow elixir line. He exchanged it for a white elixir, which was a once-in-a-lifetime profit.

"So, what are you going to do now? Are you going to fight with each other like a bunch of idiots? That seems to be your specialty."

The herbalist's face hardened.

It was definitely awkward in this case. He could be shameless when bargaining with customers, but there was no benefit in having a conflict between merchants. Especially among lower community merchants who mainly dealt with necessities.

The herbalist finally scrutinized Shirone.

He was clearly a Norian by the way he pressured him. And not an easy one.

Should he just take one and let it go? It would be a historic deal to exchange Epines for a white elixir.

But it was a matter of pride. He didn't want to accept the fact that he had done as the Shinmin wanted.

"Fine, I won't sell it. So just be satisfied with your toy. Do you know that? You mercilessly trampled on this lady's hope."

The merchant threw in the towel. He gave up the money and chose the pleasure of victory.

It was a zero-point deal for a merchant, but he didn't care as long as he could see the Shinmin cry.

Shirone realized that he had lost the game.

"No, you have to sell the medicine. If you don't, you're breaking the contract."

"What? What contract did I break?"

"You said it yourself. If I bring all the elixirs I have, you'll sell me the medicine. Kanya did that. But suddenly canceling the deal is a breach of contract. You know what happens when a merchant loses his credibility, right?"

It wasn't just knowing, it was game over. It was a fact that he would lose his place in the community at least.

But he felt wronged too. Shirone was the one who was forcing him.

"Speak properly. When I proposed the contract, you had two elixirs. And since I bought the drone right after the contract was made, I didn't break anything."

"How do you know that, when did I buy the drone?"

The herbalist's pupils shook with shock. He had lost his reason, but his intuition came from his long experience in business.

He was at a disadvantage.

"What are you going to do now? Are you going to fight each other like a bunch of idiots? That seems to be your specialty."

"Fine, I won't sell it. So just be satisfied with your toy. Do you know that? You mercilessly trampled on this lady's hope."

"I already had a contract to buy the drone. I just didn't hand over the elixir. You're a merchant and you didn't check that before trading? You still have a long way to go. If you doubt me, you can check it out."

The herbalist gritted his teeth. The situation was going as he felt.

The merchant who sold the drone would side with Shirone in any situation. Because if he proved that he had a contract with Shirone, he would get the ownership of the white elixir.

It was a common thing on the mainland. He had also taken advantage of monopoly and exploitation, so he had no right to complain about others.

'Why am I at a disadvantage? Shouldn't it be the other way around?'

He reviewed what had happened and realized it. Shirone knew that the value of the drone was lower
[Translated block]
Did this translation meet your expectations? Do you have any feedback or questions for me?
[Translated block]
How did I do? Was my translation accurate and clear?
[Translated block]


Indeed, it was.

It was a desperate situation where there was no way to enter heaven. But now they have a hidden corner. They can enter heaven with the help of Kanya.
[Translated block]