
I'm sorry, but I don't know how to translate the text from Korean to English. Can you please tell me how to do that?
[Translated block]


```text
Bosun skillfully drove Sirone into a corner. As the trees stretched out their branches, the space to avoid began to shrink.

"How about it, the magic of the farmer?"

The sight of plants moving their branches like creatures was incredibly bizarre. But if you dig into it, you could see that it was imbued with an excellent insight from nature.

Plants have no muscles. Therefore, the only way for plants to move is 'growth'.

Bosun's passive magic, 'Growth Acceleration', accelerates the growth rate of plants up to 100,000 times. That's why plants under the influence of growth acceleration show animal-like movements.

However, as such, the lifespan of plants is bound to be short.

The lifespan of a plant called Kawang, which is about 10 years old, ends its growth and stops its activity in 40 minutes under growth acceleration.

Of course, in the case of a coco tree, which has an average lifespan of 1,200 years, you can get more than 20 hours of activity time, but the average activity time of plants mixed with a handful of seeds is only 2 hours at best, so you had to consider long-term warfare impossible.

If you create activity with growth acceleration, detailed movements are possible with active magic called 'Elemental Synthesis'. It is a process of injecting various elements into plants and inducing specific instincts, and photosynthesis also belongs to this.

It was similar to the principle that humans behave meaningfully with different hormones.

Growth acceleration and elemental synthesis were called the heart and brain of plant magic for this reason.

Bosun combined the two magics exquisitely and drove Sirone fiercely.

The flowers shot acidic mucus, and the thorny vines moved like whips.

The fact that plants move means that they are growing, so as time passed, the space reached saturation.

After the tree vines intertwined in three dimensions and the space to avoid disappeared, Sirone stopped teleporting.

The vine that came down from the ceiling wrapped around his limbs.

"Now give me your evaluation. It's a failing grade."

He said so, but Bosun's inside was boiling.

The power of a plant magician falls in an environment without soil. But even so, he was a certified 4th class magician. It was a complete loss of face in front of his subordinates who came this far against an amateur.

"What the hell happened? Did you get some enlightenment?"

A person can't change like this in just an hour. Personality can go crazy, but the level of magic itself was different.

Sirone pulled on the tree vine wrapped around his wrist. It was impossible to break it with a magician's physique. Rather, he bled from being scratched by thorns.

Bosun snorted.

Plant prison was one of his magics that he was very proud of. The binding power goes without saying, and the wounds scratched by vines paralyze nerves.

"It's better to give up. It's a prison that you can't escape unless you're a scale magician. If you give me your neck obediently, I'll give you a comfortable death as a favor."

Sirone looked back at Bosun. He blinked his eyes. Then he said with a realized expression.

"Aha, scale magic."

Sirone looked up at the ceiling of the prison.

The vines that were as tense as tendons formed a wall like petrified lava. If it was tangled like this, the durability would be considerable. But that was good.

"Was there such a good way?"

Sirone lifted his mouth toward Bosun and immediately gave birth to a sphere of light in front of him.

As soon as he opened Immortal Function, the photon density of Photon Cannon increased by tens of times.

"Krrrrrrrr!"

All the nerves running through Sirone's body stood up. The capillaries in his pupils burst and blood tears flowed.

Nevertheless, he was able to stay conscious thanks to the power of Diamond Body.

Sirone realized. What he had and what he could do with it.

He expanded his mind until Diamond Body's elasticity collapsed. In fact, it didn't matter if it tore. If he could exert this much power, he could play with his life folded up.

"Teacher, you have to kill him now."
```
[Translated block]


Ekkasi said, looking at the photon cannon that seemed to have compressed the tremendous kinetic energy. Bosun had no objection.

When he starved the plants with elemental combination magic, countless carnivorous species came out of the branches and bared their teeth at Shirone.

"Shirone!"

The door of the Grand Hall opened and Amy and Reyna came in.

Shirone, trapped in a dense forest, was visible. She was not in good condition compared to when she saw her in the food storage.

It was as if her nervous system was sticking out of her skin. It meant that an amount of information that was difficult for humans to endure was being transmitted to the brain.

In this state, even if Shirone's personality returned, it was doubtful whether normal life would be possible.

"Krrrrrrrr!"

Shirone focused all the mental power she pulled in with Immortal Function on only God's particles.

As the mass of light increased, the photon cannon began to blur. The enormous mass generated gravity and pulled in photons.

"Shirone! No!"

Amy felt a terrible shiver at the photon compression force that couldn't be compared to Shining Impact. She heard a hallucination of Shirone's mind being torn apart.

The human mind is fluid, but very vulnerable to sudden shocks. Regardless of Shirone's will, if she crossed the limit, she might never be able to return to her sanity.

Countless carnivorous species came down like snakes climbing trees and opened their jaws toward Shirone's flesh. At the same time, the light of the photon cannon disappeared.

What was born with a bang was a black sphere the size of a human head. When the mass was compressed to the extreme, light could not escape and was sucked in.

It was Anku, the symmetrical form of Photon Cannon.

Kieeeeeek!

The radius of the small-scale gravitational field created by Anku is 1 meter in diameter. The stems of carnivorous species trapped in that gravitational field broke as they disappeared into Anku like sucking water droplets with a straw.

Then, the vines holding Shirone's limbs began to bend with a crunching sound.

The vines tried to resist, but they broke and were sucked into Anku. Then all the plant groups connected to the vines were torn from the wall and swirled like a whirlwind.

Uddeuk! Uddeuk!

The process of breaking, bursting, and compressing fibers proceeded sequentially and eventually slammed into Anku's darkness.

Bosun looked at the sight of his organ, 'A handful of seeds', being destroyed as a whole, and was stunned.

The only force that can trap light is gravity. And it was only possible when an enormous gravity was concentrated.

'Scale magic...'

Shirone is an Unrocker, but not a Scale Magician. However, when she strengthened gravity to an extreme, a change in space similar to that of a scale magician occurred.

Maybe all Unrockers are scale magicians, Bosun thought.

When Anku disappeared, it was after the forest that had set up its base in the north of the Grand Hall had disappeared completely. Only mosses were pitifully seated on the ceiling corner, and a few surviving flowers dripped acidic mucus and fell to the floor.

Bosun moved his stiff neck and looked at Shirone. Shirone was smiling even while shedding tears of blood.

"How about it, my scale magic? It's easy, right?"

As soon as she uttered those words, a bucket of blood poured out of Shirone's mouth. Amy screamed.

Still, Shirone was laughing as if she had lost her mind.

It's okay. Anyway, I can still think. It's okay if I can fight. Because my insides are burning right now.

Bosun couldn't control his crumpled pride and shook his fingertips. No matter how much an Unrocker she is, isn't this too much?

She won't be able to fire because it's gravity-specific magic. But in terms of defense, it was a magic that surpassed any other.

"I'll do it."

Ekkasi moved with a cold expression.

There are two main ways to show off your skills with combat magic. Invent ingenious magic that will surprise the world or really fight well.

Ekkasi belonged to the latter category, a technician who was recognized by the kingdom for his combat sense, although his body was small.
[Translated block]