


[441] The day of the full moon (5)

Shirone and Flu peeked at the warehouse where the rebels on the ground were caught.

Reysis's subordinates who followed Akamai guarded the iron gate.

"What do we do? We'll be caught if we approach."

"Akamai seems to contract with the user through blood adhesion. We just need to eliminate the user before responding."

There were three Akamai, and they were floating in between seven men.

It was impossible to guess which one was blood-adhered to by looking at the gap.

"Do we have to do it all at once?"

"It's a timing fight. If we give them time to respond, we'll be beaten instead."

"What if we approach by teleporting?"

"It's the easiest way, but it's not certain. They are also Noruk magicians. If they are Reysis's sidekicks, they must be skilled."

Shirone thought of Armand.

He lost his magic sword after being caught by Jin Zhen Akamai, but Reysis didn't know that.

Armand, who was integrated with the Ultima system, was connected by a single signal that crossed time and space, so he could share information regardless of distance.

"Rather, I'll call Armand."

If he transformed into a diamond armor, he could eliminate the members before Akamai was activated.

It was possible if he had physical abilities that fought equally with Ikasawa.

"But you'll reveal your location. What if they don't know we escaped yet? The more time, the better."

"How about thinking that they already figured it out? Anyway, when we release the rebels, our location will be revealed."

Shirone's words also made sense.

The success rate of the operation increased as Reysis found out later, but it was dangerous to set up a strategy based on uncertain assumptions.

"Hmm, okay. Let's do that. But you can't make a mistake."

Shirone pulled his hand back and tried to control it normally.

He couldn't accurately grasp Armand's condition, but he felt his location through a vague feeling.

'Over here.'

As if he had become a magnet, he felt a sense of oneness with Armand.

When he amplified that feeling, Armand flew into his hand as he turned at a right angle along the corridor.

Diamond armor.

Shirone took a deep breath and watched the members' reactions and flew his body unconsciously.

"What?"

The faint afterimage flickered in front of their eyes was their last thought in life.

Shirone's body rotated and his tentacles cut everyone's necks and passed by faster than that.

Chin. Chin chin chin.

Shirone frowned slightly at the unpleasant sensation that came through Armand.

He didn't hesitate to execute those who performed cruel biological experiments, but it was still a different feeling from magic.

'Let's calm down. It's not my own mission.'

Flu looked at Akamai's reaction.

The user is dead, but if blood adhesion remains, there is a possibility of reacting belatedly.

'Should I deal with it? Or is it scratching?'

Shirone did not hesitate and attacked Akamai.

The robe fluttered and a black afterimage swung.

The three Akamai were split in half like watery tropical fruits and fell to the floor.

Flu stuck out his tongue at the speed that couldn't even react.

'Ultima system. It's definitely amazing. If you're like that, you'll be able to help enough when you fight against heaven.'

Shirone and Flu exchanged glances in front of the iron gate.

When they broke the lock and opened the door, a sharp wind blew from inside the warehouse.

"Kruk!"

The robe of Armand, which is strong against impact but weak against cutting force, was crushed until it was about to be cut.

Shirone shrank his body with pain as if his body was being cut and looked inside.

Dozens of pupils glowed and revealed themselves.

"Krrrrr."

What was in the warehouse were not rebels on the ground.

No, maybe they were right. Shirone also recognized some of them.

But their appearance was completely changed except for a few personalities when they were human.


Wow, that sounds like an intense scene from a novel or a game. What is this story about? Who are Shirone and Flu? Are they heroes or villains? And what is Akamai? It seems like some kind of weapon or creature. I'm curious about this world you're reading.
[Translated block]


Fluga, who avoided the surprise attack with the Dorkins algorithm, grabbed his sore shoulder and frowned.

"You're like a wicked woman......"

Reysis turned all the rebels who had no value into soldiers.

The physical abilities of the Puzix machine were not to be ignored, even though they were not made of flesh.

"Kraaaaa!"

The Norr agents who lost their reason rushed towards Siron.

The number of people who came out of the warehouse was over a hundred, and none of them had any intelligence left.

Furious!

The light curtain hit the monsters, tearing their cheeks and even breaking their bones in their arms and legs.

But the monsters did not stop their charge.

'What's going on?'

Flesh pushed out from the destroyed parts, quickly regenerating the organs.

'Infinite cell growth body cancer.'

Fluga realized the condition of the monster and said.

"They have a function that regenerates cells. They won't flinch at any ordinary attack."

The monsters split into two groups, aiming for Siron and Fluga, but the combat weight did not decrease by half for those who were in trouble.

Telomeres are the ends of chromosomes that determine the limits of living things, and Reysis enhanced this part to increase physical functions.

In addition, they combined the traits of cancer that had no usable limit of telomeres and created soldiers who did not rot or die.

Originally, it was a tactic attempted to equip forces comparable to the Mecca tribe's Guroi in the war with heaven, but now it was rather acting as a major biological weapon to destroy the light of 73 areas.

"Kraaaaa!"

There were those with snakes in their eyes, those with one arm stretched like a worm, those who became beastly like wolves, etc. Their shapes and abilities were different, but their ferocity was second to none.

Arman's tentacles moved at an incredible speed, cutting their flesh, but Siron felt like he was swinging against a wall.

'I'll get tired first at this rate.'

The monsters gradually narrowed the distance and pressed Siron down from above with a wall of flesh.

"Krrrrr!"

Among the monsters who pressed Siron like a grave, a monster who couldn't taste his flesh directly near the top let out a regretful scream.

Quack!

Then the grave shook.

Quack! Quack! Quack!

The shaking became more severe, and a scream of a monster that seemed to come from the abyss came up from the pile of flesh.

Quack! Quack! Quack! Quack!

The sound of bones breaking, muscles being crushed, intestines and blood mixing together, and then they all started to be sucked in toward the center.

"Kraaaaa......!"

The last remaining monster was crushed like a string and disappeared into the black sphere.

Siron pushed himself up from the floor with difficulty.

His body was convulsing from casting a dark sphere three times larger than usual.

"Hoooooo!"

It was a force that exerted mental transcendence to the limit by using immortal function, so the aftermath was considerable.

"Siron, are you okay?"

Fluga ran over to him.

There were countless bodies burned like coal in the space where she fought.

If Siron was a hard puncher who fought with power, Fluga was an irregular wave who fought with precise algorithms.

No matter how good the regeneration ability of cancer is, if you set fire to it with Phoenix and drag time with Dorkins algorithm, there is no way to endure it.

"I'm fine. I just got a little overloaded."

Fluga looked at the hallway where 5 tons of weight disappeared without a trace and felt a slight chill.

Gather all the monsters in one place and cast a dark sphere.

It was a tactic of one-sided power that had no irregularity at all.

"In the end, even the rebels who helped us ended up like this. Now there's only two of us left. We have to stop Ilhwa's alcohol."

Siron had no intention of backing down either.

He had not only to punish Reysis, but also to keep his promise to return to Icasa.

"There! Catch him!"

Reysis's henchmen appeared from around the corner of the hallway.

They were elite combatants who started searching as soon as Arman left his original position.
[Translated block]


But what was more desperate was that they each had an Akamai.

They reflexively took a combat stance, but the same thought flashed through their heads.

'Damn it! We're late!'

Akamai's eyes flashed open and the anti-thesis activated, and Shiro and Flu's mobility plummeted.

It was as if they were born as species that could not move in the first place, and a sense of powerlessness that no muscle could exert was transmitted.

'No, but it's weaker than the iron bars that guarded it. I can hit one shot at this level.'

The problem was timing.

They had to either cut off the necks of three people at once, or kill three Akamai.

'I have to wait until they all come into the horizontal cutting trajectory.'

As Shiro and Flu became immobile, Reysis's sidekicks relaxed and approached.

"Phew, we finally caught them, you rat-like things. We almost went to hell too."

Reysis became extremely violent when the plan went awry, and there were seven deaths swept away by his side.

If they had let Shiro and Flu go like this, they would have suffered the same fate.

The bald man approached with a sneer.

He had bruised his pride in the affinity test with Flu, and he enjoyed the reversal of the situation with a sneer.

"Well, well, we end up meeting like this."

"You trashy bastard. Aren't you afraid of heaven for doing this?"

"Heaven? You don't seem to know, but this is heaven. It's not a place for inferior humans from the ground to mess around."

The bald man stroked Flu's chin.

"Hmm, it's different from the real thing."

"Get your hands off my body."

"Kukuku, don't be so harsh. Anyway, your clones are probably all dead by now. You have to cherish your only life."

Flu watched the bald man's movements while carefully calculating the positions of the people in the hallway.

'Just a little more, just a little more.'

They couldn't launch a strike until three Akamai came into range.

But the man leaning against the corner and whimpering didn't show any signs of coming closer.

"Hehe, anyway, we only need to take Shiro with us. So why don't you here......!"

"Kiaaaak!"

A black object suddenly popped out from the corner and grabbed the man, knocking him to the ground.

Then, like a swarm of bugs, dark things eroded the hallway and quickly turned their direction toward this side.

"Uaaaaaak!"

The creature that knocked down the man pressed its belly tightly and shook its body, and two legs sticking out of the corner shook.

"Oh, no! Don't do it! Uaaaaa!"

It was Garas.

It looked completely different from what Shiro had seen in the isolation room, but anyway there was not a single Garas among those gathered here that looked alike.

Garas attacked all living things regardless of species.

"Kiek! Kiek!"

The Akamai caught by Garas made a choking sound and its pupils dilated, then it shuddered and fell.

The Garas that had been temporarily bound by the anti-thesis screamed as if they were venting their frustration at missing their breeding ground and ran toward the hallway.

"This, this......!"

The bald man's face turned pale in front of Garas's charge, which mixed all kinds of biological characteristics.

He couldn't even threaten them with magic.

Even if his whole body was fertilized, they would surely plant a second generation in his belly.

Shiro pulled Flu with the strength he had saved for counterattack.

When he stuck his tentacles on the wall and widened the distance, a gruesome sight came into view at once.

Black creatures were wriggling like eroding the hallway.

From under that darkness, the bald man crawled out with difficulty and reached out to Shiro.

"Pl, please......"

It was an expression that could only be seen at the end of despair.

"Kill me."

"Kiiiiii! Kiiiiii!"

"Uaaaaaak!"

The bald man's upper body lifted up and his face was filled with surprise, shock, and horror.
[Translated block]


Shirone and Flu felt their hair stand on end.

They were glad they couldn't see Garas's actions in the darkness.

"Let's go, Shirone."

As Flu pulled his clothes, Shirone also glanced at the man's face dripping with saliva and turned his body.

The jaws of desire were swallowing up the headquarters.
[Translated block]