


```text
[386] One-man team (2)

Before I knew it, the graduation class schedule entered the sixth week.

The competition was fierce in each section, and there were frequent changes in the rankings.

However, there were no students who changed classes yet.

The teachers stuck out their tongues, saying that this was the first time in five years. The problem was that the ranking of Class 2, which had high mobility, was frozen.

Class 1 presses Class 2, and Class 3 desperately chases Class 2.

In other words, it also meant that the level of the entire graduation class was higher than any other year.

An unusual situation occurred in the survival evaluation, where as many as 15 people scored 20 points, but there was little change because most of them were students of Class 3.

Today is the day when the fierce ranking competition shines.

The strategic tactical evaluation that forms a group according to the ranking awaited the graduation class students.

"Hmm, then I'll be Group 5."

Shirone noticed without looking at the table. The rankings of all 30 students were recorded in his head without fail.

Group 5 is from 21st to 25th place. Of course, the leader is in charge of 21st place, and Shirone was included in Group 5 as 23rd place.

Dante in 21st place and Iruki in 22nd place always got the same score as Shirone, so it was no different from the first week's ranking.

24th and 25th are Canis and Closer, and if only looking at the face of the members, it was a squad that could get enough high scores.

On the other hand, there were groups that made a sad face because they were caught in a ranking trouble.

The representative was Group 4.

It was a group belonging to the lower class of Class 2, and the members were Screamer, Amy, Suabi, Maya, Aider in order of rank.

Most of them succeeded in maintaining their status quo, but Screamer plummeted from 11th to 16th place in just six weeks.

'I'm annoyed and crazy. When can I get out of this deep sea?'

The easiest item for Screamer, a demonist, to score points is undoubtedly interpersonal combat.

But this year, the draw was not good, so the skilled people of Class 1 were crowded in the early stages.

It was because some students' draw strategy worked and ended with one point instead of three points for two times.

Of course, the fundamental cause of such a collapse was the 20 points taken away by the red team in the survival evaluation.

"Hey, come on. Let's start with the position first."

As Screamer gestured with his hand, four members gathered. A sigh came out of Screamer's mouth watching them.

'Really messed up balance.'

There is an indicator that scouts use called 'party contribution'.

It is a thing that determines the contribution of members, and if it is a five-person party, the total score is 5, and points are distributed according to contribution.

It is a thing that looks at party organization power, so it cannot perfectly evaluate individual abilities, but there is nothing better than this to determine responsibility.

If your contribution is one point, you did your part. If it's two points, it means you did two people's worth.

In that case, you will get attention from scouts, but someone didn't even do their part, so you can see that the balance is not good.

The most ideal ratio within a party is 1, 1, 1, 1, 1 where everyone fulfills their role properly, but Group Screamer belonged to was not even able to dream of such a golden balance.

The cause was Maya.

He thought that Maya's party contribution in Group 4 would be at best 0.5 if he thought well.

Eventually, the remaining four had to pull out another half point to gain competitiveness.

'If Maya is set to 0.5 then Aider is 0.8 Suabi is 1.1 Amy is 1.2 then I...? Crazy.'

0.4 points on party contribution was an enormous number.

It means that you have to increase your combat power by yourself by as much as eight percent for a five-person party.

'Hmm... Is it possible? There are two utilities.'

Suabi and Maya were different majors but belonged to utilities.

Usually you don't include two utilities in a five-person party, but it's different if you have Screamer.
```
[Translated block]


If you give buffs to a magic user who has both magic and physical abilities, they will perform much better than other magic users.

'Thank goodness for Amy. I just have to swing and she'll pour it out. In the end, I have to drag her by the scruff of her neck.'

Screamer organized his thoughts and cheered himself up with a clap that didn't suit him. Anyway, he was the leader of Group 4, so he needed to unite the team.

"Okay, okay. We're going to decide on positions now, so listen up. We can also get high scores if we just have a good strategy."

Screamer pointed to himself first.

"First of all, I'm the main dealer. And that's it. Do you know what I mean?"

"Magic user's killer strategy?"

Screamer nodded at Amy's words.

"That's right. So Suabi, you have to buff me unconditionally. Haste, Concentrate, Healing, etc. Don't skimp and pour them all out. Even in the sixth week, there won't be anyone that strong. Let's make sure we win in the early stages. Got it?"

"Ah, got it. I'll do my best."

Suabi answered in a dying voice. There was no fighting spirit to be found, but Screamer didn't care.

He was a genius who could combine more than twenty buff spells even though he had decision-making disorder and poor interpersonal skills, so he was bound to do his part.

"Amy, you take care of the secondary dealer. Well, I don't think I need to give you any instructions. And Maya, what magic can you do? I think it would be better to go for a wide-area buff."

Sound magic had the advantage of affecting a wide range of areas.

"Huh? The one I'm most confident in is Aria of the Battlefield. It amplifies magic power through resonance."

"Hmm...."

Aria of the Battlefield was a magic that had a significant effect in real combat.

But it was different if the caster was Maya. Her buff efficiency was far below average.

Screamer made a slight modification to the magic user's killer strategy.

"Then let's go for debuff. Don't you have anything you can put on the enemies?"

"Dissonance of Anxiety. It amplifies anxiety."

"Good, just go for that. It's more effective to put it on hundreds of people than on five."

"Yeah. I'll do my best."

Maya nodded her head deeply with determination.

"Brother, what do I do?"

Aider asked with his head propped up.

He was less burdened by graduation because he was young.

"Multiplayer. I'll cut through them big and go out, so you just confirm and kill them. Make sure you eliminate them. It's common to lose because you can't kill one."

"Got it. That's easy."

"Let's do this! Let's show them what we've got!"

Amy, who knew Screamer's personality, felt goosebumps at the unfitting fighting spirit.

'He must really want to get out of here.'

Still, she wondered if the magic user's killer strategy would work.

He used to be a famous fist that even thugs trembled at, so there was a possibility that he thought he could handle it by himself.

'Well, I'm lower in rank right now anyway. Let's just go with this.'

A team member could at least suggest an opinion, but that also had to be done according to the leader's temperament.

Meanwhile, Shirone's Group 5 was also waiting for the evaluation, but unlike Group 4, there was no special strategy going on.

Dante paired up with Closer, Shirone with Iruki, and only Canis enjoyed solitude in a secluded place.

Of course, he wasn't alone in the mental channel.

-It's quite boring. This place called school.

It was Havist who had cut off communication with the outside world for six months and finished deciphering 'The Book of Light and Darkness'.

But the competition in the graduation class was so fierce that he hadn't even shown his face yet.

-Hold on. We can do what we want in a year.

-Is that so? Well, I'm much stronger now anyway. Graduation should be easy.

'The Book of Light and Darkness' obtained from the Akashic Records of Heaven was a theory that used the power of incarnation to amplify the power of darkness.
[Translated block]
He snapped his fingers lightly. At that moment, all Earthworms felt their bodies being torn apart by countless shadows. It was Dark Blade, Canis's signature spell. He didn't need to see or aim at his targets. As long as they were in his spirit zone, he could cut them down with his will alone. 

"Wow... You're amazing." Sirone said adm
[Translated block]


Canis's long, saw-shaped dark power rushed through the underground, cutting through the earthworms.

Squeak! Kick!

The earthworms that were standing vertically all collapsed and spat out green saliva.

-Monster 328 extermination completed. Execution time 3 minutes 28 seconds.
[Translated block]