


[484] Night of Heaven (2)

When Gaold came out of the cave, Gangnan's figure was not visible, but the footprints on the ground were heading into the forest.

Gangnan's face was severely wrinkled as she wandered around looking for the darkest place in the forest.

She suppressed the moans that leaked out of her clenched lips, and looked around, rolling her feet.

Eventually, she couldn't stand it and jumped into the bushes and squatted down as she pulled down her pants.

She had been holding back going to the bathroom for two days, so her bladder felt like it was going to burst
[Translated block]


Gaold was holding his head and rolling on the ground.

He felt a pain as if his brain was being whipped with a metal rod, as his senses were much more sensitive than normal people.

As Gaold's screams did not stop, Gangnan finally realized that the situation was serious and ran to him.

"What's wrong? What happened?"

"Aaaaah! Aaaaah!"

"Tell me! Where and how does it hurt?"

No matter how loud Gangnan shouted, Gaold did not hear him.

Only in pain, Gaold had to spend the dawn, and that was the beginning of a long relationship between the two.

As they wandered the world together for training, Gangnan learned a little bit about Gaold.

He was not a talkative person, but by combining the occasional words that popped out, she could guess what kind of life he had lived.

He was training to meet someone.

Adrias Miro.

When she heard that the world was protected by one woman's hand, Gangnan could not help but admire her.

"So is Miro the strongest woman in the world?"

"There is no such concept as the best in combat. But officially, yes. Miro represented humanity, and no one could beat her in that situation."

Gangnan casually spat out and looked at Gaold's back moving away.

The strongest woman in the world.

Is that man in love with such a person?

"What if I become the strongest in the world?"

Gaold turned his gaze at the bold words of the girl who was still not up to his waist.

"If you want it desperately, you might be able to reach it. But in my opinion, it's probably impossible."

"Why? I'm not afraid of anything. I'll do anything to become stronger."

Gangnan's perseverance was also recognized by Gaold.

She also had a physical talent that was born as a fighter.

If she grew up like this, her body would surely become a weapon.

But Gaold also had his own feelings from wandering the world, so he had no intention of giving her false hope.

"It's not a matter of talent. It's not a matter of effort either."

"Then what kind of person is Miro?"

"She is...."

Gaold looked at the other side of the desert where the yellowish wind blew and said.

"She is something beyond human. It's just that there is no word to define her, so we just call her human."

She stopped walking and pondered Gaold's words, then followed behind him with her lips pouting.

"Hmph, but I'll win in the end."

The place they arrived was the Akkad Desert of the Middle Eastern Parash Kingdom.

Gaold said he would train there to overcome his pain.

The desert was a land of death, and to survive, they needed more than strength.

In the underground cave where they lived, Gaold's screams echoed every night and Gangnan worked day and night to get food for him.

The madman and the wolf who lived in seclusion deep in the desert relied only on each other's warmth.

She could not define their relationship at that time.

Family? Friend? Comrade? Lover? Or enemy.

They felt emotions that ordinary people had to experience with many people only from each other.

They could not live otherwise.

Then one day, Gangnan experienced the most terrible tragedy in the world.

"Ugh, I'm tired."

She brought a bunch of desert bugs in her bundle and walked into the cave with exhausted steps.

Then she heard Gaold's tearing scream.

It was a scream that she heard every day, but this time it was different.

There was definitely an uneasy sound mixed in that made her feel sure.

"Mister!"

The bundle came loose and the bugs that came out quickly spread out radially.

When Gangnan reached the end of the cave, she heard no more screams.

Her eyes trembling with fear found Gaold lying on the floor.

"Mister! Mister, what's wrong?"

"Kuuuuuuu...."
[Translated block]


Gauld's eyes were fixed on the ceiling, and saliva dripped from his mouth.

Knowing the characteristics of Gauld's disease, self-reinforcing mutation, she had a hunch.

After experimenting with the limit of continuous pain, he finally had a problem in his brain.

He is now in hell.

Trapped in eternal pain that he has no idea when he will escape.

"Mister! Please wake up!"

It was the first time she felt such fear.

Because only the two of them were everything in the world, she couldn't even imagine a world without Gauld.

So the fourteen-year-old girl did nothing for several days and nights, calling Gauld until her throat was dry, waiting for him to come back.

Gradually losing consciousness, she collapsed in Gauld's arms and fainted. She slowly opened her eyes after falling asleep for three days.

It was as if she had been asleep for a thousand years.

But her eyes still showed no signs of waking up Gauld, and there was a grim determination in her eyes that was different from before.

Sasaak.

Her sensitive hearing detected the sound of a bug crawling on the floor.

She quickly reached out and grabbed the bug's body, which had been lost in thought for a moment.

She put the thumb-sized bug in her mouth and chewed it, then kissed Gauld and pushed the crushed nutrients into his mouth.

She gently brought the mouth of the water bottle to Gauld's lips and said in a determined voice as if she had made up her mind.

"Wait, mister. I'll save you. I'll make you come back no matter what."

Gangnan went out to the city of Paris.

Doctors, medicine, magic, information.

No matter what he got, he needed money.

Did Gauld know?

How did Gangnan live during the year it took him to wake up again?

What kind of hardships he had to go through to save an adult who was like a vegetable.

But Gangnan never uttered a word about what had happened at the time.

He only waited for Gauld to wake up and endured it.

And finally, as if by a miracle, Gauld opened his eyes, and the anger and resentment that had piled up in his heart disappeared without a trace.

"Hoo."

The first sight that came into Gauld's eyes when he came to his senses was not the gloomy cave where he had fallen into hell, but the ceiling of a modest inn.

He waited for a moment and then the door opened with a click.

Gangnan, who had returned with food and medicine, threw away the food bundle and jumped into Gauld's arms, crying loudly.

"Mister! Mister!"

Gangnan was fifteen years old at the time.

Only a year had passed, but Gauld found it strange that Gangnan had grown physically and mentally.

"You saved me."

Gangnan nodded his head and wiped away his tears.

He came back. He was not alone again.

"Don't do that again. Promise me. Never leave me again."

Gauld looked intently at Gangnan's face.

He knew why he didn't ask.

He knew what hellish time Gangnan had to fight alone to protect him.

Gauld hugged Gangnan's face.

"Let's go back, to Torumia. I'll never leave you again."

Gauld's extreme skills that came out of hell were different from before.

Now it was time to start in earnest.

He returned to Torumia and became the president of the Magic Association.

That was the only way to reclaim the labyrinth, and Gangnan would play a key role in the project as his second-in-command.

Gangnan nodded his head repeatedly in Gauld's arms.

The resentment that he had to endure until now surged up and he couldn't stop crying, but he couldn't let Gauld know that.

"Mister, I have something I decided this time."

Gangnan suddenly lifted his head as if he remembered something. Gauld also smiled and asked.
[Translated block]


"Yeah, what is it?"

Kang Nan said with a bright smile.

"I'm going to be the second strongest woman in the world."
[Translated block]