


[616] The Hottest Place (5)

It happened unknowingly, and that's how firm Shirone's decision was.

The magic that gives mass to light, the ability to bypass the magic control device, the students realized the reality only after reaching what he had destroyed.

"Are you crazy! What is that you're destroying!"

"Arrogant kid! If you were going to destroy it anyway, you could have passed it on to someone else!"

Shirone looked back at the students.

"What can I gain by doing that?"

"A public magician! And a Magic Association employee ID!"

As Rufisto said, only 5 out of 150 people could normally obtain it.

The fact that one of the five cards was hung as an event could be said to be quite revolutionary, but Shirone had no regrets.

"So what was our effort for a year? Did we train hard here just to pick up a certificate?"

"Where is the sophistry! The reason for making an effort is to produce results. And you tore up that result in front of you!"

"It's mine, so I can do whatever I want."

The star building was shrouded in silence.

"The real result is to build skills worthy of a certificate. This wasn't yours from the beginning."

"You can't say it's yours either."

Curtis stepped forward.

"I don't know how you bypassed the magic control device, but wasn't there some kind of deal?"

Shirone's eyebrows twitched.

"What are you talking about?"

"You had a one-on-one meeting with the chairman of the association. And you are one of the most famous students in the kingdom. Can you reveal what conversation took place there?"

"It's personal. I have no reason to tell you."

"No, now there is. An unprecedented privilege called a public magician's certificate. And only you bypassed the magic control device. Isn't it suspicious? It seems like this event was set up just for you."

The students rose up.

"That's right! I said it was strange! Tell me what you heard from the chairman of the association!"

Iruki stepped forward.

"Shirone destroyed the public magician's certificate. It's proof that there was no such deal."

"I can't believe that either. Anyway, you produced a unique result in front of the five prestigious graduation classes. This could be a pretext for privilege in any way."

Shirone shook his head.

"It's a delusion. This event is a rule that only those who can bypass the magic control device can get a certificate. Don't be scared and focus properly. The current security level of the star building is not that high."

"Who do you think hasn't tried? Who else has bypassed the magic control device besides you now? This is definitely a scam!"

"You're hurt."

From where the greasy voice was heard, a clear sound wave spread with a bang, and the ice magic was cast.

The students turned their heads in surprise, and there was Prings holding an ice crystal above his hand.

"Ma, magic......"

If it was Prings' sense that even the form of the spirit zone felt and avoided, he could have bypassed the current level of security.

"Doesn't it fall in dignity to dig and pick it up?"

Druze Prings (final ranking of the graduation class 22nd).

Major: Freezing series of freezing magic.

Special note: Super sensitive senses. Pervert. The head of the hide-and-seek research club.

Then the students began to take Shirone's words seriously.

"This is the Magic Association."

As Fermi moved his steps and raised his index finger, fire blazed from the tip of his finger.

"In other words, the association is watching us. Can you stand there so stupidly? If you can't cross the cut line, you won't be able to enter the Magic Association even if you die?"

Those who were only interested in the public magician's certificate finally realized the true intention of this event.

'Show the success.'

Without anyone being the first, they tried to enter the spirit zone by concentrating.
[Translated block]


"But no one succeeded even after 30 seconds.

'I can't! I can't enter the Spirit Zone!'

Even Curtis, who is ranked first in the Royal Magic School, found it impossible.

'This can't be. Already three people from Alpheus have succeeded...'

Does it make sense that he can't do it?

'There must be some trick!'

Curtis shouted angrily.

'They're tricking us! I'm the top of the Royal Magic School!'

'The interpretation of truth varies with limits.'

When Curtis turned around, a man who looked like an orangutan was knitting.

It was Konger, a graduate of Alpheus Magic School.

'What are you? Just knitting...!'

Curtis stopped talking when he realized that the thread wrapped around Konger's hand was steel.

The movements were delicate, but every time he bent the steel to create a new pattern, the muscles in both arms bulged.

'Hehe, just knitting? Don't think that the common sense you know is everything. It may sound like a delusion from someone else's point of view.'

The wire twisted grotesquely between Konger's palms and created a beautiful pattern of roses.

Big Konger (ranked 6th in the final graduation class).

Major: Ejection series of steel magic.

Special note: Ductility of special alloy that remembers shape.

As one by one from Alpheus Magic School succeeded in focusing, the students' faces turned red.

'What the hell is this place?'

It was a feeling of being divided into winners and losers with an invisible boundary line between possible and impossible.

'Did you bypass it too?'

Arlene nodded at Canis's question.

'Yeah. It's not a complicated structure, but it's not simple enough for anyone to do. But there are quite a few people who have succeeded in our school. Like me, they're not showing it.'

Her super-light swept over the faces of her friends who had succeeded in bypassing, and then stopped at the one made of a network of light.

'Pathetic.'

When Dante slammed down his glass, everyone turned their heads.

'Give up on the impossible focus and think about how you're being treated. Even if it's an association, it's the exclusive right of the scout to evaluate us. How about valuing your worth a little more?'

Curtis growled.

'You're not doing anything either, are you? Do you think it looks cool to talk like that?'

'At least I don't look pathetic. Unlike you fools, I know who I should fight.'

'Who to fight?'

As soon as Dante entered the Spirit Zone, a seven-circle magic circle with seven concentric circles was born.

'The current operating magic control device security uses an old-fashioned method of using multiple substitution ciphers. If you understand the mechanism, you can release it at any time.'

The codes rotating in different directions stopped abruptly and disappeared with a light.

-Warning. Warning. Unauthorized information attack occurred on the 1st floor annex.

The warning light blinked and the association guide's broadcast followed.

-The 3rd level security device has been released. The person in charge is requested to check quickly. Again, the 3rd level security device of the current 1st floor annex...

The students' mouths gaped open at the broadcast, and Amy glared at Dante approaching with an axe.

'You crazy! What if you hack the association's security facilities!'

'It doesn't matter. It seemed like they were expecting this anyway.'

Dante was that annoyed.

'You can fight among yourselves, but don't make me cheap. If you want to evaluate me, you have to go through a proper procedure.'

It was a message to the meta system that was enjoying this situation.

'Cheap? Cheap?'

Curtis stared at Dante's retreating back.

'Wait. The remarks you just made, apologize to everyone.'

'Apology?'

Dante turned his head.

'You just insulted all the graduates of the five major kingdoms. If you can't get an apology here, I won't back down either.'"
[Translated block]


As flames erupted in Curtis's hand, Pandora shouted.

"You're kidding! You guys started it first!"

It was an undeniable fact, but Curtis did not back down.

There was no way he could take the graduation exam in this mental state with the exam just around the corner.

More than anything, it was obvious that the honor of the school, which he represented as the top prestigious school in the kingdom, would fall to the ground if he returned as he was.

"Apologize. If you don't want to ruin everything."

There would be no school that would benefit mentally if it was turned into a mess through the use of force.

Dante knew this fact, but that's why he couldn't do any favors for others.

"I don't want to? It's your own fault."

"You brat!"

As Curtis rushed in with increased firepower, a few students followed.

It was a magical battle that was different from a fist fight.

"Calm down, everyone."

As the flame magic was fired, Eden spread her arms.

'Saint Barrier.'

As the curtain of light spread around her, the magic disappeared in an instant, and even pushed all the students in front of her against the wall.

"Ugh! What, what is this!"

About 100 students were stuck between the Saint Barrier and the wall, unable to move.

'Eden...'

The students from other schools were surprised by the defense that transcended common sense, but those who knew her paid attention to the magic of a different nature.

'She changed the battlefield with wide-area defense.'

Her absolute defensive ability worked through powerful omnipotence based on faith, but the concentration of magic that only protected herself also contributed.

It was unacceptable to give up one of the two pillars that make up the Absolute Barrier, but Shiro, who had fought her directly, smiled instead.

'You've grown, Eden.'

She decided to spread love as a true angel of God, breaking her stubbornness.

"Do something about this! I can't move!"

The Saint Barrier was warm and cozy, but it was so strong that it couldn't be penetrated by any magic.

"Violence is not good. Let's solve it peacefully."

Candler Eden (final ranking 25th in the graduating class).

Major: Wide-area protection series of defense magic.

Special note: Powerful omnipotence based on faith.

"Damn it! Release this quickly! Who are you to teach us!"

"Ugh! I'm annoyed!"

The screams of a student were vividly delivered to the monitor in the central control room through the video recording device.

"That settles it."

As Luphyst stood up, the magic control device was released the moment Jane, the secretary, arrived.

"Isn't the joke too much? They are students who are still immature in judgment and action."

"The weak are naturally eliminated. Besides, it's not always like that, right? Someone is already making professional-level judgments and actions."

"The problem is that they are all students of Alpheus Magic School."

The graduating class of the Royal Magic School this year is by no means low in level by student standards.

However, the problem was that the graduating class of Alpheus Magic School was exceptionally excellent.

"By the way, it's interesting. Ultima."

Luphyst found Shiro on the monitor.

"If you decompose the information into a single entity, the encryption system itself becomes powerless."

"What if you put the highest level of security?"

"It's useless. In front of Ultima, all information is equal. Humans and vermin are the same, and advanced mathematics is no different from children's arithmetic."

"......It's the hardest category to control."

"It's impossible. That's why it's dangerous."

Jane looked back at Luphyst leaving the door.

"What about the party?"

"Just appease them and send them off. The festival is over."

The door closed.

"When do you think you can keep us tied up?"

The annex was a mess with students' curses.

"If the magic is released, just look! You guys died to me today!"

As dozens of students poured out their criticism, the listeners also began to get hot.
[Translated block]


"These things......"

Just as Closer was about to step forward, someone shouted from behind.

"Let's really see!"

Puff puff puff puff puff puff bang!

The effects of utility magic exploded rapidly above the heads of all the students at Alpheus Magic School.

The surprised students turned around to see Suabi squinting fiercely.

"Do you think I'm easy because I always smile?"

Puff puff bang! Bang! Puff puff puff bang!

The students were stunned by the sight of utility magic being cast in a cycle as precise as a machine.

"Suabi is angry......"

Winner Suabi (18th in the final ranking of the graduating class).

Major: Multiple buff series of utility magic.

Special note: Replacement of the battery of the high-speed cross force using superhuman rhythm.

Every time they felt the enhanced abilities through the buff, everyone admired with the same expression.

'It's awesome. The Cross Force has gotten faster.'

Only then did Eden withdraw the Saint Barrier, but none of the students could move.

They couldn't dare to fight while watching the buffs going into all 29 people, over 30 kinds.

"How about it? If you want to fight, can we also unlock our locks?"

Fermi finally stepped up as a representative.

"Kuh!"

Curtis bowed his head helplessly at the sight of the graduating class of Alpheus Magic School gathering.

The figure of 3.8 times was not exaggerated.

Some students shed tears in anger, but Fermi had no sympathy.

"Remember. The protagonist of this year's graduation exam is us."

The hottest place was decided.
[Translated block]