


[438] The Day of the Full Moon (2)

The First Command of the Rebels.

Commander Krud went outside and looked at the full moon.

He felt a surge of vengeance in his chest as he remembered how a unit had disappeared every time the moon rose.

'I will win for the sake of my fallen comrades.'

"You seem to have a lot of worries."

Krud turned his head.

He saw Sain approaching and looked back at the moon.

"Not really. There's no report of angel patrols yet. It looks like we'll get through this full moon day safely."

Sain's gaze followed Krud's.

"I see."

Krud turned around and asked as if he had just remembered.

"How are you doing? Is your research done?"

Sain had been observing the planetary motion day and night to get the exact coordinates for God's punishment.

"More or less."

"Astronomy. What does that mean to the creatures under the sky? Especially in times of war."

"It doesn't mean anything yet. But soon there will be a time when only that will be the sole meaning."

Krud raised one eyebrow.

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"I can't tell you yet. Anyway, it's not a bad thing for the rebels. At least we won't be beaten one-sidedly."

'Is it some kind of suicide tactic?'

The only thing Krud could guess from studying the planetary motion was that.

It was natural, since even Gaold or Sain were dumbfounded when they heard Siroene's method.

"Salute!"

Kanya, who came out of the barracks, saluted.

Next to her were Lena and her father Wicher.

Wicher, who had left his wife who had run out of life and left heaven, was currently a military officer who taught maintenance skills to the mecha members.

Krud returned the salute.

"Well, what are you doing at this hour?"

"Oh, well... I was feeling a bit stuffy in the barracks."

It was not recommended for Guroi's unit members to take a walk with their family at night, but Krud did not scold them.

Anyone in the rebel army had the right to feel anxious on the day of the full moon.

Kanya asked Sain.

"Is there any news from Siroene?"

"Garlock visited a few days ago. It seems to be going smoothly."

The story of Siroene turning over the Second Command with Nephilim's ability was a secret that only a few knew in the First Command.

Like other officers, Krud was also displeased that Siroene was transferred to the Second Command, but he did not show it.

What was really important was not that.

"I'm saying this now, but I don't think Laysis really accepted Siroene."

Sain looked back.

"There was a conflict. A difference in opinion on biological experiments?"

"Superficially. But she wouldn't have thrown away half of her power for biological experiments during the war. What she did at that time was something that didn't fit the common sense of both mecha and norr races."

"Did she cross the line? What did she do?"

Krud's face twisted cruelly.

"Laysis..."

Kiiiiiiiiiiing!

The sound of tearing through the sky swallowed Krud's words.

"Kuuuuk!"

Krud grimaced at the sound wave that hit his bones directly, and Kanya and Lena grabbed their heads and fell down.

Wicher, who pressed down his two daughters with both arms, looked up at the sky where electricity flowed in a dome shape.

"It's ultrasound. It collided with the magnetic field."

Sain lowered his head with an emotionless face and flashed his iron eyes.

Something reflected by moonlight was flying in from across the sky.

-Search algorithm terminated.

Babel turned off the search function and transmitted the results of searching the entire purgatory to Kariel via wireless communication technology.

-Magnetic field detected. Target probability 92.7 percent.

All she could see was a dense forest, but her program detected that 0.3 percent of the entire landscape had the same structure as another landscape.

Artificiality that looked like it copied light.

Do you want me to do anything else for you?
[Translated block]


It was the rebel headquarters.

-Switch to attack mode.

Babel's eyes turned red.

-Strike approved.

As Babel flew straight at supersonic speed, Sein cast a mass teleport as soon as he entered the airspace of the headquarters.

Kwaaaaaaang!

A huge crater with a diameter of 30 meters was created around the point where Babel hit the ground.

Emergency sirens rang throughout the headquarters and fires started to break out in the barracks.

"Damn it! What the hell is that?"

Crud clenched his teeth and walked toward the crater. Then, a tall woman with a purple glow walked up from the crater with a clanking sound.

Kanya's voice trembled.

"That's, that's a machine?"

-Execute the rebels.

A short command fell on Babel's program.

* * *

Infinite judicial madness Valhalla action.

Ica's unique ability, Valhalla action, has the power to reverse cause and effect.

If you desire something, you can realize the result on the condition that you pay back the time and effort involved in that action later.

For example, if you want to go from A to B, Ica can reach the distance that would normally take 10 seconds right away.

However, if there are obstacles between A and B, you have to pay the price for avoiding or destroying them as well.

If you have to break an obstacle to get to B and it takes 5 minutes, Ica will be incapacitated for 5 minutes and 10 seconds after arriving at B and fill in the cause.

Calculating that causality rate is the core of Valhalla.

Like pressing a balloon with your finger makes the opposite side swell, when you set A as your desire, B as your result automatically comes out.

Therefore, desires that go beyond Valhalla's calculation ability are not realized in reality from the beginning.

For example, if you want to go inside that rock, it is impossible to realize it.

There is no space inside the rock in the first place.

However, if there is some space created inside the rock in some way, even if Ica does not know it, it will be realized.

This means that Valhalla's calculation system is not a mathematical truth but influenced by the Akashic records that encompass parts from the whole.

Similarly, 'I want to cut that person's neck' is also impossible to realize.

Valhalla cannot calculate the future actions of humans, and therefore cannot reach 'action'.

'All I have to do is eliminate Shirone.'

Ica's eyes were cold as she looked down at the dust cloud that was growing rapidly.

She wanted to be restored as an angel again, and Shirone was not only a personal revenge but also a must-kill existence for her.

She had grasped the fact that Kariel was showing unrest in heaven, but it was also true that he was the only lifeline for Ica, who had committed two serious crimes.

'He's coming back soon.'

22 minutes 42 seconds.

The time it would have taken Ica to knock down a mountain with just her fist under normal causality rate.

It was a heavenly power even considering it was a full moon night.

During those 22 minutes and 42 seconds, the rebels on the ground tried their best to clear the dust cloud.

They blew away the dust with group magic Mahagarth, but it was not easy to get rid of the smoke caused by a whole mountain collapsing.

Shirone and Flu, who barely escaped before the cliff collapsed, did not move anywhere and raised their antennae around them.

Flu took out Phoenix from Cubric and swung it around, giving it a Dawkins algorithm on his spirit zone.

A function that automatically reacts when an object penetrates into his spirit zone at a certain speed or higher.

Shirone also took out Armand and activated diamond armor. Flu immediately noticed the change.

His robe, which had been ragged like a beggar's, was clean as new, and his artificial brain was glowing blue like Ultima system he saw from Babel.

"What happened?"

"I integrated with Ultima system."
[Translated block]


Flu gave up on thinking about what it meant.

What was important right now was not that.

"Is there any function that can help in combat?"

He was not sure yet.

He had not fought as Armand since he integrated with the Ultima system.

"I don't know. It changed from sharing thoughts to integration, but how it works is...."

Finally, the dust cloud cleared and the bright full moon shone on the ground again.

The landscape of the ground was miserable.

The command cliff was broken so much that there was not a single intact pillar, and under the rubble were the corpses of Norins.

The result of a surprise attack.

This ability to destroy common sense was the reason why the new people feared angels.

"That's....!"

Shirone opened her eyes wide at the praise floating in the sky. At the same time, a memory she did not want to think of came to mind.

'Ikasa.'

The fallen angel who had made her watch helplessly as Amy, Tess, and Arin were kidnapped.

Her movement, which was too fast to follow even with her eyes, still made her shiver even now.

"Shirone, what's wrong?"

"I've seen her before. She's a fallen angel."

She was much better than an ordinary angel, but she did not feel that her chances of survival had increased.

Ikasa crossed her arms and came down.

The ominous vibration made the rebels' hearts beat.

"Huhuhu, you should have come out when I told you to. You think you can defy me, less than a bug?"

As her words were conveyed mentally through the angel's ability, one of the surviving officers shouted.

"Focus on me! Fight back with group magic!"

The officer prepared a huge magic Aruope.

It was one of the best cutting magic using the air's spirit.

Dozens of magicians connected their spirit force to the officer, and Ikasa sneered at them.

"Foolish ones."

Ikasa moved.

It was similar to the movement of an electron that exists probabilistically in space.

She appeared like an afterimage in front of dozens of members and knocked them all down with a fist attached to her slender wrist.

From low-level magicians to officers, the pyramid of rank collapsed quickly, and the coup ended in an instant.

"Kuk!"

As Ikasa's fist sank deep into his abdomen, blood spewed from his mouth.

"Kakakak! It's fun as always, killing humans!"

Ikasa was strong.

She could knock down dozens of human magicians without Valhalla action, let alone destroy a mountain in 20 minutes.

But she was faithful to the concept of origin, and Shirone realized clearly what her madness did.

'Equivalent exchange of cause and effect.'

The Ultima system detected that feeling exactly.

As Ikasa turned her head, electricity ran down Shirone and Flu's spine.

It was a fallen angel's eye filled with a desire for revenge.

"Shirone, do you know how long I've been waiting for this day? You ran away like a rat back then."

"I haven't forgotten either, what you did."

"Hoho! No, you seem to have forgotten. You couldn't move a finger and had your women taken away. Is it any different now?"

Shirone frowned and lowered her posture.

"Be careful, senior. That angel's madness seems to be able to reverse cause and effect."

Flu also understood quickly because he saw what happened to the rebels with his eyes.

"Let's go defensive. We need to buy some time for now. There must be rebels alive underground."

Ikasa puffed up her cheeks and laughed.

"Poo! Do you know why I hate humans? Because they have delusions built in. They all think they can achieve something with human1, human2 subjects. Delusions."

She kicked the ground and rushed forward, swinging her fist in front of Flu's eyes as the air shook with a bang.
[Translated block]


Flu's upper body bent like a willow branch against the storm-like attack.

It was the effect of the Dorkins algorithm, but it felt like his spine was breaking and he couldn't hold on for long.

"Kruk!"

As Ica's left hook exploded, Flu's body flew away like a red string.

He had cushioned the force by hitting his backhand with Phoenix just before the impact, but it was still an unbearable shock.

"Ho ho ho! Struggling is also a characteristic of insects!"

As Ica turned her body with a cheerful laugh, a huge tentacle mouth appeared in front of her and grabbed her face.

Then the tentacle that rose diagonally into the sky bent into an arch and stabbed Ica's body vertically into the ground.

Kwaaaaaaang!

Ica, who stretched out like a letter, blinked her eyes with her face buried in the tentacle.

'What is this?'

A shock that made the back of her head numb. A speed that she couldn't even react to.

It was a strange and heavy blow that she couldn't excuse herself by saying that she was just caught off guard.

"You insolent bastard......!"

Ica cut off the tentacle with her palm and rushed to Shirone like a spring.

"Dangerous!"

Flu shouted, but the ensuing scene was completely different from what he expected.

Shirone was dodging all of Ica's formidable punches by shaking her upper body.

'I can see it! I can see Ica's attacks!'

If Arman was something that maximized the user's physical abilities, then now Arman itself was Shirone's body.

Everything that could be done in a diamond-armored state was as easy as moving her fingers.

"Humans? I have the body of an angel!"

Ica threw a decisive punch.

The moment her fist reached its destination, Shirone's body spun quickly.

A heavy tentacle popped out of her robe and slapped Ica's cheek hard, sending her body flying horizontally.

Kwaaaaaaang!

As Ica crashed into the rubble of the collapsed headquarters, Flu looked stunned.

Ataraxia was accumulating in front of Shirone, who was staring at Ica, at a speed several times faster than before.
[Translated block]