


[459] The Call of Ra (1)

"Phew!"

The iron wall rider exhaled his breath.

A moment later, his electric defensive barrier burst like a broken window.

Blood oozed from his shoulder to his waist in a diagonal line, and his upper body fell down as if sliding.

'Defense magic is done.'

Gaold tightened his muscles and put his dislocated shoulder back in place.

It was a tremendous pain for someone who was sensitive to pain, but his eyes were only scanning the surroundings.

The afterimages of Cage B team stormed like a storm, but it was clearly an intended movement.

'What are they aiming for?'

The dealers' powerful skills have not appeared yet.

Of course, they must know that ordinary attacks are ineffective.

'Are they trying to hang on to the Terminator?'

It was probably almost accurate.

'They don't put more than two irregular eaters in the cage class. That means...'

This is the last time.

Cage B team is aiming for one attack that can catch them perfectly, and if they block it, the victory will come over.

Gaold's mouth curled up as he reached that thought.

"You're talking nonsense and falling down."

Gaold's hand pointed at the metal mage Roche.

Puff puff puff puff puff puff bang!

As the air gun exploded, Roche, who couldn't even think of a counterattack, created a metal barrier in front of him.

Kakakakakakakakang!

A deafening roar made marks of air on the surface of steel.

"Keeeee!"

Roche clenched his teeth against the vibration that hit him through the power.

He kept increasing the thickness of the barrier, but the air bullets ate away at the steel plate like angry beasts.

The metal barrier that was crushed like clay was finally destroyed, and dozens of holes were pierced in Roche's body.

It took only one second for the air gun to pierce through a 20-centimeter-thick barrier.

But that one second gave Rose time to approach Gaold.

'This is it.'

Fragrance Magic Phaser.

A fragrance magic that belongs to the top of magic that affects the mind, it has the effect of stimulating the human brain and evoking the most intense fragrance in life.

Gaold's face twisted cruelly.

The already vulnerable emotional aftermath grew rampant and tormented him.

"Keeeee!"

The gates of hell in his heart opened and a tremendous climax unfolded as his surroundings turned into hell.

It was like making a wild beast more violent, but Rose had a different intention.

He couldn't subdue Gaold with force anyway. Then he would rather excite him and create a cognitive blind spot.

That blind spot was the only gap that could subdue Gaold.

"Rocheeee!"

But there was one thing Rose overlooked.

It wasn't something he knew, so it could be seen as luck for Gaold, but the fact that the dead man was Roche was a perfect weak point.

Tarvan's anger, who had been friends with Roche since childhood, reached its peak, and that emotion collided with Gaold's anger and created a new gap.

"Cough!"

Rose's neck was cut off by a blade of wind, and Gaold's inverted whites caught up with Tarvan's trajectory.

'It's over.'

Horkin jumped out at Gaold with a movement unrelated to the operation.

Tarvan and all the mages here are young and talented kids.

'For the sake of the kingdom's future, let me end this.'

Horkin activated explosive magic regardless of the target's reaction.

Suicide, which causes a temporary magic homogenization effect by exploding itself, swept through the area with a powerful explosion.

It wasn't like a battle arena where the scale was reduced, so the radius was enormous.

Cage B team hurriedly left their seats and looked blankly at the place where smoke was floating.

Horkin's message was clearly delivered by cutting off his own life.

The eldest member of Cage B team who became the father of many mages.

"Old man..."

Tarvan clenched his teeth.
[Translated block]


```
It was a mission that he should have performed himself.

But he was the best tactician until the end.

The power of Suicide was not inferior to Tarvan's Kaiser Blast.

"Did he die?"

The voice of the saint Moriac was low.

The explosion disappeared and a dark figure appeared as a silhouette.

Gauld, who had blood flowing from his forehead, stood with a grim expression.

"He's alive."

The mission ended in failure.

Rose, who had used strategy, died, and they lost Rocher and Horkin, the dealers.

"There's only one thing left."

The communication magician Wagon said.

"Do we go to the end, or do we go back as it is?"

There was no desire to go back.

It was just that Horkin's will that those who live should live was on his mind.

"We're going to the end."

The insect magician Beam stepped forward.

"We have to report to the upper. We can't all go."

"Pick anyone. I'll stay."

Wagon raised his hand.

"I'll go. I won't be much help in the fight anyway."

No one would survive against Gauld anyway, but no one blamed Wagon.

A magician with a strong pride who joined Cage B team. They were grateful for him choosing to live a lifetime of shame rather than dying.

"Shall we go then?"

As the remaining ones turned their bodies, Gauld flew at a fast speed.

He also realized that there was no point in fighting any longer.

"It was a cool team. For you guys."

Tarvan's eyes flashed with killing intent.

"You don't really think it's over, do you?"

If Suicide could stop him, Kaiser Blast would have no effect either.

But he had to try. Because he was a terminator.

"Stop it."

Gauld relaxed his body and straightened his waist.

"The game is over. I gave you what you wanted, didn't I?"

"Game? Game?"

Tarvan's hands gathered the energy of vibration.

Gauld spoke as if he didn't care.

"And... you guys can't go back anyway."

All of Cage B team looked puzzled as the communication magician Wagon asked.

"Why can't we go back? Why?"

"You guys were probably thinking of going back with the Meta Gate you got from the Association, right?"

No one answered, but there was no such thing as a secret in front of Gauld, the former president of the Magic Association.

"Maybe the space-time of the maze is gone. So the coordinates of the Meta Gate must have been disturbed."

Wagon's eyebrows narrowed.

The reason why the army of heaven could not threaten humanity was because a new dimension called the space-time of the maze intervened between the two dimensions and disrupted the information.

Therefore, except for Miro, the owner of space-time, no being in heaven could decipher the code applied to space-time of the maze.

However, Meta Gate has a fixed coordinate value, so it remembers the coordinates of space-time of the maze as they are.

But if what Gauld said was true, then the recorded coordinates would have become empty coordinates with a high probability if space-time of the maze disappeared.

"What is the probability that space-time of the maze disappeared?"

Saint Moriac asked.

Of course, there was no reason for Gauld to lie now that Cage B team had already lost their way to kill him.

But it only took a minute for Meta Gate to activate.

If Gauld was wrong, they would miss their chance to go back without moving.

"It's not 100 percent. But it's more than 80 percent."

"That high?"

Cage B team started to buzz.

"According to the information I got, Miro was captured by Archangel Cariel. The Archangel of Creation must have found a way somehow."

Miro was in heaven.

Everyone's head was complicated by this new fact.

If space-time of the maze was destroyed, it meant that heaven's army came to earth.

The Association would soon find out about this too, but by then it would be too late. It was a matter of seconds.

"Don't we have to check it out?"
```
[Translated block]


```text
Morriak spoke as he looked around his party, and Tarban asked.

“How?”

“We have no choice but to go in ourselves.”

“So the problem is who will do it?”

“I'll do it.”

The one who raised his hand was again the communication magician Wegun.

There was no objection, and Wegun activated the metagate.

In front of the black sphere, Wegun looked at his colleagues.

There is an 80% or higher chance of dying. Emotionally, almost 100%.

“If the coordinates haven't changed, I'll be right back, so get ready to leave.”

Because it was such an operation, even a minute of time was urgent.

Tarban nodded and said.

“Come back soon. Don't go anywhere else.”

“Haha! You never know.”

Wegun smiled cutely and went into the metagate.

That's how a minute passed, and he didn't come back.

* * *

Great World War.

A small magic circle rose above the essence of the maze and penetrated into his head as if it were penetrating.

The maze's forehead narrowed slightly.

A binding force of a different dimension from the magic control device made by humans.

Moreover, it was a dangerous magic circle that could cause an explosion just by entering the spirit zone.

“Why don't you kill me? The wall of dimensions must have disappeared by now.”

Kariel sneered.

“Don't worry. It'll be over soon.”

Even if Miro's space-time was destroyed, Anke Ra's army would not move without Anke Ra's permission.

To destroy the abominable humans, we eventually needed an independent force.

Therefore, Miro was still useful.

He had already convened a meeting of archangels. If he could get opinions from eight archangels, he would have enough power to destroy humans.

If Gaold's situation of attacking heaven overlapped, Anke Ra would have no choice but to move.

“Look forward to it. I'll prepare a splendid execution.”

Kariel smiled coldly and left for the archangel meeting room.

Even in a situation where his life was as precarious as a candle in front of the wind, Miro did not show any signs of fear.

'Not killing me means that the final war has been postponed. But why?'

He still couldn't figure out anything.

First of all, in order for her to realize something and start acting, she needed someone's help.

'Gaold came?'

Then Sein must be together too.

He had given Gaold a terrible tragedy because of his mistake, but anyway, since Miro's space-time was destroyed, he could only hope that they would perform their mission properly.

'But then again...'

“Squeak. Squeak.”

Arius rubbed his face against his master's face as if he felt sorry for his master who had been restrained by his abilities and groaned in pain.

Miro stroked his chin as if handling a puppy and raised one eyebrow.

'What have these idiots been doing for 20 years?'

* * *

7th Heaven Arabot.

Ikael sat on the floor and quietly immersed himself in meditation.

Ashur went out to collect information on what Kariel was doing, but he hasn't come back yet.

It is difficult for him to look at the Great World War while avoiding Kariel's eyes even though he can freely manipulate signals.

Perhaps it takes much more time than usual because he assembles information using signals and interference between signals.

The more anxious Ikael became.

Things are not going well in hell. What on earth is going on?

He sighed softly and calmed his mind again when he heard a voice in his head.

-Ikael

Her eyes opened wide.

It was Anke Ra's voice that I heard after a long time.

-The sinner, Ikael is called upon

-The time has come to hear your answer

-What do you mean by answer?

Anke Ra did not say anything about that

-Reveal me. Forgive your sins

Her eyes widened and light began to shine brightly as if the Milky Way was flowing in her eyes

'Finally...'

The time when he committed an indelible sin and was confined to power passed quickly.
```
[Translated block]


I didn't feel excited or happy.

All I thought was that I had to get back to the position of the archangel and restore everything that had been disrupted.

-Understood.

Ikael got up and left the room.

As her body faded, she flew up to the high spire of Arabot in an instant.
[Translated block]