


[428] Definition of Life (4)

Flu couldn't understand what Shirone said.

"You've been here before?"

Babel, the place called the tomb of angels.

It was impossible for Shirone, who was only nineteen years old, to have come to a place that existed before the citizens of heaven lived in heaven.

"I don't really know, but...."

"Hmm, is it like deja vu?"

It wouldn't have been necessary to think deeply about it in normal times, but considering the fact that he collapsed just before the steel golems attacked Shirone, it wasn't something to pass by.

"Let's go somewhere else for now. It's too dangerous here."

"Wait a minute. Are you going to leave that behind?"

Joowon pointed to the electricity on the cone.

It was a pity to give up on something that was not an elemental of electricity.

Flu thought the same, but he didn't feel good.

The dead Joowon was not a poor performer, but his body was shattered by shrapnel without even reacting.

"Shirone, how do you feel?"

Shirone stared at the glowing electricity.

He felt a faint impression as if it had happened a long time ago.

'Did I see that before?'

Shirone's mouth moved as he tried to recall his past memories.

"Ultima."

"Huh? Shirone, what did you say?"

"Huh?"

Shirone turned his head with a surprised expression.

"You just muttered something. Ultima?"

"Huh? Did I do that?"

Flu nodded his head.

He was so meticulous that he wouldn't have mistaken it, so it must have been true, but he really couldn't remember.

"I think we should take a look at it first."

"Do you know it could be dangerous?"

"That's why I think we need to check it more. The device that controls Babel's trap should be in the control room."

It sounded reasonable when he heard it.

"Okay. But I'll do the investigation."

"Senior, that's...."

"Listen to me. This is what the second-in-command does."

He had to save Shirone no matter what situation he faced, so Flu took the risk and approached him.

He took out Phoenix and gently touched the electricity, and it made a crackling sound and grew angrily, but there was no other stimulus.

"Hmm, it doesn't seem dangerous."

Then, as if he had been waiting for it, Joowon flew his body and grabbed the electricity with his hand.

"It's mine!"

He was a man with long fingers who had been given the mission of monitoring Shirone by Reysis.

He had a cold personality, so he must have been given such a mission, but in front of greed, he was just an ordinary human being.

As the electric force began to be absorbed through his arm, he was sure that it was an elemental and shouted.

"Elemental, make a contract with me!"

A blue light spread in the control room and the power of the elemental seeped into him.

As a huge concept filled his head, his pupils turned over without him knowing.

"This can't be. This is too... amazing...."

His face suddenly exploded with a bang as he muttered in ecstasy.

Shirone and Flu looked at the man whose face had disappeared with astonishment.

"How foolish. What did you expect when you grabbed it without checking anything?"

It wasn't because of impatience. The Norins' desire for elementals was strong.

As Shirone and Flu who could use magic anytime and anywhere through Spirit Zone, they could never understand such psychology.

Flu glared at the last remaining Joowon and he shook his head frantically and backed away with his arms raised.

There was nothing more expensive than life, so it was an excellent choice.

"Shirone, are you still going to do more?"

Flu asked him to stop by meaning, but Shirone became more convinced by the man's death.

Babel is where Hena is sealed. And it existed before the citizens were born.

"Those who entered here were angels or nephilims. In other words, immortal function is basic. The steel golem appeared because someone who wasn't nephilim came in."

Flu also thought that Shirone's words were right with a high probability when he followed the situation.
[Translated block]


But there were already two deaths, so they couldn't help but be careful.

"Still, be careful. There's also a contingency."

Shirone nodded and reached out to the electricity.

There was no tingling sensation, and the electricity climbed up like a creature along the fingertips.

"Huh!"

Then a wind sound was heard in his head. It felt like his skull was being drilled.

Ultima System-Universal Integrated Information System.

If you count by the number of laws, 1.

The unique concepts of binary numbers that do not overlap with anything were torn apart in the head at a speed close to light.

"Ugh!"

Shirone realized why the man's head exploded. Because it felt like his head was going to do that.

As soon as he opened the immortal function, a tremendous sense of liberation flooded in and Ultima's concepts escaped through the infinite passage.

His head was empty.

Only a thin and blue streak of light felt connected to him outside the passage.

The last remaining member swallowed his saliva and approached.

"What, what was that spirit?"

Shirone turned his head with a surprised expression.

"Say it again."

"Oh, I was curious about the attributes of the spirit."

When he heard the man's voice with the drone's translation mode off, he finally realized.

He couldn't understand the pronunciation, but the meaning of the words seeped into his head automatically.

'Who made this system?'

The language of Shinmin was not a problem. Any symbol in the world could be deciphered by integrating it into a single signal.

As Shirone pushed his hand into the cone, electricity penetrated his back and activated mechanical devices.

The flow of information was clearly read like blood vessels.

"That was the control device."

Shirone nodded at Flue's words and connected to the main circuit to search for Babel.

A bird's-eye view of a structure so huge that it could be called a castle as if imagined freely came to mind.

Thump! Thump!

When he opened the wall of the cockpit, a tube-shaped glass tube appeared.

A red cylindrical light spouted as it rotated at high speed.

"That's the main elevator."

The elevator with the same principle as Arabot moved three people to 100 meters underground in an instant.

"Wow, it's huge."

It was a control room with such a large area that it was hard to confirm the end.

In front, there was a huge screen that seemed to come out 10 times bigger than real life, and next to it was a cone-shaped pillar like the one in the cockpit.

Shirone pushed his hand in without hesitation.

Why did it feel like he had been here before? Maybe the answer is here.

When he opened the records of the control room with Ultima System, a light came on on the screen.

Shirone searched calmly as if reading a book, but on Flue's screen, all kinds of pages were turning over with afterimages.

At some point, the screen stopped and strange letters that were neither Henado nor Shinmin's language slowly rose up.

Only Shirone moved his pupils along the letters.

The meaning was conveyed to him in a way that he could understand through Ultima's single signal.

Record: Babel Project

Light Force Omega 133-First Humanity Gaia overcomes all biological barriers such as gender, orientation, personality, etc. for the first time since birth and achieves an integrated mental system.

Omega 187-Gaia attempts to escape from photon system through Ultima system but fails due to Akashic record barrier of Anke Ra.

Omega 201- Gaia, start war with heaven. Collision of Ultima system and Akashic record.

Omega 387-Anke Ra attempts first reset. Gaia blocks with Ultima system.

Omega 412-Anke Ra fails second reset attempt.

Omega 666-Gaia loses in final war. Gaia population decreases by 90 percent.

Omega 689-First resistance entered. Gaia succeeds in implementing Halo by analyzing Angel's Infinite Algorithm.

Omega 717-Gaia produces strategic killing weapon to eliminate Anke Ra. Called Babel.
[Translated block]


```text
Omega 738 - Babel, mass production system entered.

Omega 777 - Gaia, defeated in the second resistance.

Omega 799 - Gaia's representative (record deleted), suggested possibility of second photon system escape.

Approval of Ultima system.

Omega 892 - (record deleted), meeting with Anke Ra. Failed.

Omega 927 - Anke Ra, dismantled Ultima system with the liquor of the sun.

Gaia people separated into Kergo, Nor, and Mecha.

Omega 987 - (record deleted), revealed (record deleted) of Ikael to the new people.

Heavenly chaos.

Omega 999 - The last Gaia (record deleted), escaped from photon system.

Record end.

'What the hell is this...'

Shirone opened her mouth blankly.

It was a file that recorded the events that took place between Gaia, the human race, and Anke Ra before the new people were born.

Gaia, which had achieved an integrated information system, created an ancient weapon called Babel that could kill Anke Ra.

But it was a history that was divided into three races: Kergo, Nor, and Mecha, after losing the final war.

Since the entire period seemed to be divided by percentage, there was no way to know how much time one year meant, but one thing was certain.

The last remaining Gaia, that is, the person who wrote (record deleted) on the screen, left this record.

'There are two types of record deletion. One is the name of Gaia, and the other is what Ikael did wrong.'

The screen was reset.

A line of sentences that the last remaining Gaia must have engraved blinked.

Beyond infinity.

As Shirone stared at it intently, Plu couldn't stand it and approached her.

"What? Why are you looking at something you can't understand?"

Shirone shook her head. It was annoying to explain about the Ultima system to her teammates.

"I'll tell you later. There's something I need to check first. Follow me."

When the control device was activated, a wall opened and a path appeared.

Babel was at the end of that road. The strongest weapon made by the first humans to kill God.

'What does it look like?'

As they passed through the passage, a hollow space similar to a womb appeared.

A beam of light shone down like a spotlight and something human-like was sitting with its knees bent below.

It was a woman made of smooth metal with a black gloss, and wires hanging from the ceiling were connected to her.

The faces of the team members turned pale.

"It's an angel..."

"No. It's Babel."

Plu asked.

"Babel?"

"Babel is not the name of this place. It's a kind of ancient weapon that mimics the ability of an angel."

"What are you talking about? You've been saying weird things since before. Explain properly..."

Wiiiiing!

The facility in the hollow space started operating and electricity flowed in.

Electricity was supplied to Babel through dozens of wires through the Ultima system.

It was an area where lightning struck without stopping, so there was no problem with power supply, but it was still an enormous output.

Babel's body vibrated strongly as it sucked up all the power of the entire structure.

It was truly a process in which a fetus that sucked up all the nutrients from its mother through the womb finally came into the world.

Babel's slender neck rose stiffly, and her legs that had been kneeling rose like in zero gravity.

With a height of over 2 meters and a slender figure, her blue wings expanded and revealed her beautiful face.

It looked terribly similar to someone Shirone knew.

"Ikael?"

Babel's eyes lit up red and a bright white wheel of light spun over her head, making a loud high-pitched sound.

"Shi, Shirone. Let's get out of here."

Plu shivered on her shoulder.

She felt an overwhelming power that was not an exaggeration to say that she mimicked an angel.

'Did Chairman Hyup want to fight this thing?'

Babel floated about 1 meter in the air and looked at the three people standing on the ground.
```
[Translated block]


-Babel program activated. Apply Kariel algorithm.

-First goal: Punish the intruder.

Crack!

Babel's appearance changed into a form of intertwined electricity and disappeared. At the same time, a sharp blade-like water column stopped in front of Shirone's face.

Shirone was able to recognize her situation only after hearing a clear sound from her fingertips.

Her arm was motionless as if fixed in space, and only Babel's face slowly approached and stared at Shirone.

-Warning! Warning!

-Attack impossible judgment from upper algorithm.

-Cause analysis: Gaia code number 2 detected. Search for Ultima system application. Application confirmed.

-Result: Absolute inviolable target.

Babel, who was eyeing Shirone, slowly withdrew the water column and stepped back with a metallic sound.

-Reapply Kariel algorithm.

-Second goal: Punish all believers.

Whirring!

The light wheel rotated and Babel's body floated lightly.

The three terrified people bowed their heads as electricity wrapped around Babel's body and he went up through the ceiling with a loud noise.

"Huh!"

The three people who regained their balance in the shaking room could only stare blankly at the neatly pierced circular hole.

Black angel advent.
[Translated block]