


[667] To Radum (2)

Of course, Shirone knew that they were different from the monsters that lived in the Middle East and ate corpses.

They were indeed humans, yet they chose to eat human flesh.

Even without recalling the anecdote of Canis eating waste, one could imagine what kind of place Radum was.

In a space built of iron and stone, the only things they could eat would be lost beasts or the humans they saw next to them.

The thought of eating human flesh gave him goosebumps, but as the captain of the mercenary group, Shirone responded calmly.

"Let's go in. I will maintain a large guard in case of an emergency."

As the 20-member mercenary group passed the barricade and approached the alley, they felt a sticky aura shaking.

It was just darkness, but it felt like being buried in something damp like paint, and it felt like dark water, like the saliva of starving people, was dripping.

"This is Radum from here."

After passing the straight alley where the barricade was set up, Luphyst spoke.

The reason why the ghouls couldn't approach the corpse rashly was because this alley was the territory of the guards.

Jane whispered.

"Shall we handle it?"

If the mercenary group left as it was, the bodies of the guards would have gone down their throats.

"No, we push through."

Returning the bodies to their families for disposal was a task that should be done as the head of the Magic Association, but there was a more important task left now.

'An accessory of the kingdom.'

It was just an accessory that could be consumed as much as possible to achieve the goal.

"Light the torch."

Because they didn't want to provoke unnecessarily with Shining Magic, the heavily armored swordsman Beacon and survival expert Bromark held torches and scratched the soot.

As the light pushing away the darkness followed the outline, the shadows flapped their bodies and hid in the corners.

"That's strange."

Luphyst stopped walking.

The obsession of the ghouls was much stronger than expected.

No matter how hungry they were, they weren't stupid enough to not distinguish the top predators.

If they saw a mercenary group of 20 people, it would be their physiology to get out of the radius.

But now they were watching this side until the end, keeping only the minimum distance.

"It's annoying, shall we sweep it all at once?"

Spearman Toto swung his spear and spoke.

He was a person who was on the blacklist in this field because he was violent and uncontrollable, but he was recognized for his mobility and excellent spear skills that operate four schemas and joined the mercenary group.

"Hey! You bastards! If you're going to do it, come out quickly!"

As Toto's voice echoed at the mouth of the alley, Shirone frowned and looked back.

"Keep your voice down. If you provoke the enemy without permission, I will sanction you in the future."

Toto shrugged his shoulders.

"To the likes of ghouls......"

It was common sense that Radum was dangerous, but it was not a weak force to be scared by the likes of them who could not eat and were rotten.

"There's a trap."

Bromark, who had knelt on one knee, held out a torch toward the alley and spoke.

"It's a booby trap connected by wire. These guys, they're luring us."

"Ugh!"

Then, from the darkness, a ghoul screamed and rushed in.

'Are they fighting?'

It was an unbelievable situation considering their survival first principle.

"There's no need to be nervous! It's just a ghoul!"

As the 20 people organized the line, the residents of Radum rushed in from the darkness around them.

There was no one to go first, and when the magicians cast Shining Magic, the light spheres floating in the sky brightly illuminated the situation in Radum.

"Ugh!"

Numerous corpses were scattered in a terrible state.

A corpse with its intestines torn out, a corpse that had already rotted and exposed bones, a corpse with only empty eye sockets, it was a creepy sight just to see.

"Hahaha! I'm a mercenary for this taste!"

The only person who was excited was Toto, and every time his spear swung, the ghouls bounced off in all directions.

While the magicians were still unable to find the timing to step forward, Beacon and Wig, who were on the left and right of the line, cut down the ghouls as gatekeepers.
[Translated block]


'As expected, it's weak. But…….'

The temperament was too strange.

The ones who were scared were rather ghouls, and they didn't even feel like they were fighting.

"This is like……."

It felt like animals fleeing from a wildfire had no choice but to jump off a cliff.

"Keruk!"

When I stabbed the twin swords into the abdomen at the same time, the ghoul flinched and reached out.

"Heung!"

I tried to open my stomach by twisting the blade, but the ghoul said in a dying voice.

"Kill... kill me."

"What?"

"Here... is... hell...!"

The ghoul opened his jaw and shouted with crazy eyes.

"Daaaaaaaa!"

"Kuk!"

When I swung the twin swords up and down while retreating, the ghoul's body was split in two.

"Maylay!"

Maylay, who received the instructions of Rufist, covered her ears with both hands and activated the frequency of God.

The sound she was hearing was heard by the core members as she activated the <Nemesis> worn in the form of a ring.

"Gil! What is it!"

A huge scream came in like a tidal wave.

Can you hear this sound if you set fire to 10,000 people in one place?

Some people heard shouting in the wave of sound that paralyzed the brain, but it was impossible to decipher.

-Karte Mu Ciel! Cartician Be Rebecca Purbel!

'It's the voice of La Enemy!'

It was dull and resonant as if speaking with a rock in his mouth.

'If you want to find me, find the hell in you.'

The only people who could decipher it were Maylay, a priest of Terrafos, and Shiron of the Ultima System.

-Struggle in the pain of illusion! Is there meaning in meaninglessness! Become a god!

"What the hell is he saying?"

It was a word that could not be understood by deciphering alone.

Lian, who blocked Shiron's front, cut off the resident with a single cut and said.

"Why are the ghouls crazy. What does La Enemy's words mean?"

The residents here must have met La Enemy.

"I don't know yet. There's something more than language."

The ghouls were annihilated less than 5 minutes after the battle began.

It was a bland fight if it was bland, but the mercenaries' faces were not good.

They also felt something awkward now.

"Why are they like this? I've done a creepy slaughter."

Baikon shook off the blood on the blade and muttered, and Bromak pointed to the scenery of the alley spread out under the shining magic.

"Look at that. It's all traps."

Countless strong lines were connected like spider webs.

"When did you install it?"

"Hmm, if you're a veteran like me, you can finish it in an hour."

"An hour..."

It was the time that Shagal would have left even after passing.

Bromak looked back at Shiron and said.

"There are two ways. Either disarm or bypass. Which way is the original route?"

"This way."

Rufist pointed to the place where the trap was installed.

"I see. What's your decision?"

It was Shiron's part.

"How long does it take to disarm?"

"Disarming is harder than installing. About an hour."

"Uh-huh."

At that time when he was worried, Bromak smiled and said.

"But I can solve it in 30 minutes."

"Then let's go with disarming for now."

The goal was to go to the center by the shortest route, so it was a loss of time to turn the route from the entrance.

"Then rest."

Bromak, who took out the tools from the extension tube, bit the knife in his mouth and entered the place where the trap was installed.

While the knights were on guard, they were taking a break, and the archer Joshua stood up and aimed at the rotten wooden box with a bow.

"Why?"

"There's someone."

Her eyes were burning red.

"Night shot?"

A kind of see-through ability that detects heat, it was an eye technique that was not even shown in the evaluation.

When she looked into the box with a night shot, she detected the heat source of a human hiding in a prone position.
[Translated block]


"Come out. My arrow pierces through iron."

"Heek!"

The box shook and a person crawled out from the hole in the back.

"Please, spare me."

Bacon grabbed the man by the collar and pulled him.

"What are you doing? Why were you hiding?"

"I, I am not a resident of Radum. I'm a trap designer."

"Trap? Then......"

Bacon, who was busy disarming the trap, asked again.

"So you set that up? Why? To catch us?"

"No, no! I don't know why! Someone hired me the day before yesterday. They asked me to set up a trap at the entrance of Radum."

Shirone asked.

"Who is that person?"

"They didn't reveal their name. They were young, and they didn't seem to be from this country."

Mairei covered her ears with both hands, but she could only hear noise, not voices.

"Hmm, then......"

Just as Bacon was about to ask another question, the man shivered as if shocked.

"What's wrong? Why is he like this?"

"Shi...ro...ne..."

A hoarse voice came from his open throat.

"Danger! Back off!"

Just as Lian was about to swing his great sword to cut off his neck, Shirone held out his hand.

"Wait!"

The man, who had been bending his upper body like a bow, slowly raised his head and stared at Shirone straight on.

"You have... a duty to answer the remaining questions."

"Remaining questions?"

Shirone asked back, but the man just looked up at the sky without answering.

His pupils rotated rapidly in opposite directions, and finally, his original voice popped out.

"Oh, no! Save me! Uaaaaa!"

As his optic nerves were destroyed by the rapidly rotating pupils, tears of blood flowed.

"A human trap?"

The ground shook and the sound of the trap's steel wire breaking sharply was heard.

"Bromark! Come out!"

The members shouted, but Bromark was already hit by the steel wire and bleeding.

"Damn! What is this?"

The trap was activated without even time to rescue.

"The space is folding."

As the alley closed like a sliding door, Bromark, who had fallen on the ground, reached out his hand.

"Kuaaaaak!"

The sound of bones being crushed was heard as the walls connected.

Carugin frowned and muttered.

"He's a survival expert......"

Without even a moment to enjoy the absurd situation, the other members looked around.

The structure of Radum had completely changed, and fibrous material like internal organs was stuck all over the wall.

The standing corpses were motionless as if dead, and naked women combined with monsters were sculpted like statues on both sides of the newly formed alley.

"The entrance is gone. How can this happen?"

"Realization of the five senses."

Lupist looked up at the sky.

The reason they can still see after the shining magic disappeared is because the sun is up.

But it was not a brilliant sun like their world, but a sun that was about to die, glowing with a red sunset.

"We're trapped."

"What do you mean by trapped?"

Lupist turned to Shirone and said.

"Even if the brain is pulled out and put in a jar, we can't feel it."

"Could it be?"

"Yes. That's exactly what happened. This is probably the scenery that the ghouls were looking at. They used the brain waves of the man trapped to implement hell for us."

"Damn it! What the hell is this!"

Lemo, a non-public 5th class defensive magician, shouted.

"Who asked you to explain! You should propose a solution!"

"Calm down. I'm thinking."

"Don't talk nonsense! I didn't follow you to listen to explanations! You're the president of the Magic Association, right?"

Lupist did not answer.

"I don't need money or anything! Let me out of here! If not, I'll sue......! Kuhak!"
[Translated block]


Lemo's eyes dried up, and he fell down, shedding tears of blood.

"Darn it!"

Kargen hurriedly ran and tried to heal him with magic, but he was already dead.

"What happened?"

Jane, who received Rufist's gaze, shook her head as if she was wronged.

"I didn't kill him. I was thinking of killing him."

"Struggle in the pain of illusion."

Mairei stepped forward.

"It's La Enemy's words. He also said that he finds meaning in meaninglessness. If this is also a kind of trust, wouldn't you think so?"

She raised her finger and said.

"The moment you realize death, you really die."
[Translated block]