


[482] Direct Pointing (4)

"They are humans anyway!"

Mirka denied the fact that Shirone's spirit zone was Elysion.

Anke Raga, who was afraid of them and drove heaven to the brink of destruction, the humans of Gaia in mythology.

But didn't they eventually lose the war and leave the world?

It didn't make sense that their abilities, which could not be found any evidence other than fragmentary records, suddenly revived at this moment.

"Do you think humans can use Elysion? You're just imitating it poorly."

As if to refute Mirka's words, Shirone opened her eyes wide and cast a photon cannon.

She couldn't muster the courage to cast a rule-breaking spell in front of the flash that popped out of her face and flew her body.

'It's definitely dangerous.'

If the immortal function is infinite, Elysion is intangible.

The mind that is perfectly integrated with the outside world handles all the information detected by the Ultima system as its own.

It was similar to Shirone's spirit zone and ancient magic combined, and Mirka felt like she was fighting against the system rather than a specific individual named Shirone.

The direct pointing of the Ultima system was too unfamiliar to all beings with personality.

That completely different combat system confused the fairies and Shirone's magic, which had adapted to Elysion, began to destroy everything around with more powerful destructive power.

'I have to stop it here.'

Mirka, who had seen seven fairies disappear in just 10 seconds, finally regained her mind.

Whether Shirone was using Elysion or imitating it, the ability itself was real.

"Everyone follow me!"

As Mirka took the lead and flew, Shirone also fired a photon cannon from behind her back, scattering flashes like swinging two fists in succession.

At the same time, Mirka's rule-breaking spell Truth's Razorblade was activated.

A creepy white light flickered around her and photons with mass hit her body.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwang!

All fairies who knew the ability of rule-breaking spells stopped fighting for a moment and watched the outcome.

Shirone also glared at Mirka with fierce eyes.

"Hu, huhuhu."

Mirka, who was in perfect condition, reached out her hand and laughed.

She was one of the top-notch fairies, so she still had the upper hand with the power of incarnation.

But she couldn't help but be nervous, and her smile was so stiff that it was serious.

"I won."

Anyway, once rule-breaking spells were activated, Shirone was invincible.

She also activated another rule-breaking spell Law of Obedience and began to rush at an incredible speed.

"Tsk!"

Shirone spread her wings wide and flew up into the sky.

All fairies soared vertically and left Whale Valley in an instant and entered the sky.

"Catch her! If we catch her, we win."

Shirone's eyes were filled with countless magic from fairies.

Visible, invisible, material, phenomenal, fairy birth concepts varied depending on the type, but Shirone didn't care about any of them and just looked straight ahead.

Elysion integrated all information into one dimension and delivered it, and Armand's powerful function drastically increased Shirone's reflexes.

"How can this be......"

Shirone's movement avoiding multiple fires that seemed impossible to avoid surprised even fairies who were born with basic flying abilities.

She escaped from the fire net of magic that could not be escaped without calculating errors up to millimeters and started a counterattack.

As soon as Akamai's pupils caught the target, photon cannons flew in from all sides and hit them hard.

Every time Anti-Teze's focus jumped between fairies and fairies, fairies inevitably fell.

"What are you doing!"

Mirka screamed in anger and flew in, and Shirone also stopped attacking and watched her.

'Keep calm. Think.'

Shirone knew that Mirka was invincible, but unlike before, she didn't fall into despair.
[Translated block]


All rule-breaking abilities come with activation conditions and costs.

'You can't be invincible just by blocking the first attack.'

The first thing that came to mind was the time limit.

He couldn't maintain the invincible state forever. But that wasn't enough.

The advantage was too powerful, so Shirone was rather easy to make a decision.

'Spatial limit.'

Shirone, who had reached a conclusion, avoided the approaching Mirka and sharply changed the angle.

He was somewhat confident when he saw Mirka's reaction, who tried to chase Shirone with his eyes.

'I see. In sight...'

He distracted Mirka with a brilliant movement that maximized the function of light.

"Hmph! Nice thought, but..."

So far, the enemies who tried to break the razor blade of truth were countless.

But that was just a misconception that focused only on the ability to eliminate variables.

If you think a little differently, you can see why Mirka got this ability.

Third in rank among countless fairies.

Mirka was originally a strong fairy, and rule-breaking ability was nothing more than a tool to maintain her strength at 100 percent.

"How dare you try to dodge me?"

Mirka's body turned into light and chased after Shirone.

She rushed at a terrifying speed and accelerated with the intention of piercing Shirone's body, which was caught by the law of obedience.

Bang! Mirka's eyes were shocked by the impact as she pierced through Shirone and passed by.

"What?"

Shirone suddenly disappeared.

Not moving coordinates, but literally disappearing.

Mirka turned to the side in a hurry at the sound of the wind being cut. Shirone's tentacles were approaching at a fast speed.

Rule-breaking ability is reset once out of sight.

Mirka, who clenched her teeth, quickly raised her upper body.

Crack! The air pressure alone pushed her body back several meters.

Shirone didn't stop at swinging his tentacles, but connected them with photon cannons.

Even while avoiding complex trajectories by turning into light, Mirka's head was full of questions.

How did he get out of sight?

"Razor blade of truth!"

She regained some composure and activated her rule-breaking ability again.

The photon cannon disappeared in vain, and she realized that she was invincible again and glared at Shirone.

Valhalla action.

Everything became clear when she saw the magic circle of the fallen angel behind Shirone's back.

'Oh no...'

Reversal of cause and effect.

If you reverse time while already reaching a certain coordinate, she couldn't keep Shirone in sight.

'I can avoid rule-breaking ability with this. But I have to refrain from big attacks.'

However, Shirone also had a restriction of action delay as a cost of reversing causality.

Mirka had to be attacked once to activate her rule-breaking ability, and Shirone also had to be careful not to miscalculate the delay.

A situation where they had to watch each other's moves.

But with this, the rule-breaking ability's tremendous advantage was destroyed and the balance of power was matched.

Shirone struggled among the fairy troops.

It was a one-to-many battle, but the momentum was gradually leaning towards Shirone.

The magic from Elysion's intangible form did not even give time to adapt and faithfully hurt the enemies, and finally the laser net of death unfolded.

The red line of net without a center point stretched out in all directions and interfered with the fairies' movements.

Every time homing photon cannons escaped through the gaps in the net and blew up enemies, screams echoed in the sky.

"This lowly human!"

Mirka activated her razor blade of truth at the same time as Valhalla action was activated and Shirone's figure disappeared.

'I have to find him!'

Mirka looked around as if her head would break off.

If she could find him before Shirone's delay ended, it was her victory.

'Huh?'

Her eyes shook with shock as she turned her body behind her. Contrary to expectations, Shirone was close by.
[Translated block]


The sight of spinning and whipping its tentacles was predatory, but it was not enough to avoid Mirka's skill.

"Foolish human. Did you throw a desperate move in your haste?"

Mirka sneered and reached out her hand.

As long as she blocked it with an irregular style, Shirone would be in a perfect defenseless state.

"Guk!"

But just before activating her ability, Mirka felt a powerful restraint and shuddered.

From the side, Akamai's eyes, which were embedded outside of the artificial brain, were aiming at her.

The advantage of Valhalla Action is that it can reverse the causality of all the events that are connected.

That is, she pulled forward two results at the same time: putting a mark on Mirka's side and then going back to her rear and attacking.

The delay was longer, but it was Shirone's own variable that she created to break the balance of tight power.

"Is there no absolute result?"

When her thought reached that point, a thud sound rang in Mirka's head.

Her head shattered and she flew towards the distant sky, and at the same time as the inertia ended, she fell down in a parabola.

"Mirka-nim!"

All the fairies in the sky could not believe the sight in front of them.

A noble spirit belonging to the second rank among the 72 ranks of fairies was annihilated by a mere human.

The anger of their racial pride being trampled soared as all the fairies rushed in.

"Huuuuu!"

Shirone frowned and waited for the delay to be released.

Because she reversed two events, the waiting time was much longer than usual.

Finally, when the delay was released, countless magic spells were already rushing towards her.

'I have no choice.'

It was never a way that suited his personality, but now it was a wartime situation. Sometimes violence is necessary for victory.

Shirone cast one of his organs, rage, through Elysion's mental power.

However, that rage was completely different from what he had shown so far.

Literally multiple explosions of rage.

There was no center point in Elysion's nature, so rage exploded in many places.

If the previous rage had only bounced off something, this time it was a way of crushing it with a curtain of light from all sides.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwakwakwang!

"Kyaahahahahahak!"

All the fairies trapped in Elysion's sphere of influence screamed horribly.

From the small body stuck between the curtain and the curtain gap, there was a sound of breaking bones.

From afar, it looked like a thunderstorm suddenly struck in the clear sky.

Light spheres with a diameter of 30 meters each flashed and flickered as if they were electrocuted. The fairies shook their bodies and fell down with a whoosh.

When the casting of rage that only worked in Elysion ended, the sky was calm again in blue.

The fairy squad was annihilated, and Shirone, who was alone in the air, looked up at the higher sky and breathed deeply.

As soon as his ecstasy disappeared, his body fell as it stood.

He accelerated at an incredible speed toward the ground. Armand's robe stretched out and took root on the ground first as he flew tens of meters away.

At the same time, he neutralized his strength and landed lightly as if he had jumped off from a low place.

It was halfway up the mountain and Paradise where people lived under the mountain range was visible.

"Ha."

Shirone sat down for a moment and calmed his exhausted mind.

Armand's nerves contained Peope's well-being vividly.

How much stronger did he become? Shirone thought for a moment.

But what he felt right now was only the mental exhaustion from war and the cruelty of reality.

"I have to go further."

That's war. And there was also something he had to do personally.

"Just hold on a little longer, Peope."

As Armand recovered some of his physical functions, Shirone got up again.

As he gently bent his knees, giant wings of light spread out again from behind him.
[Translated block]


Purr! Shirona's body flew up, raising dust, and quickly jumped over the mountain range and flew to Arabot.
[Translated block]