


```
[496] That afternoon (4)

"Kahahahaha!"

Laughter erupted from the lump of Satan, whose eyes, nose, mouth, and limbs were crushed and tangled together.

A powerful shock wave made the atmosphere ripple and spread, and Satan's body quickly returned to its original state.

"This..."

Satan's huge jaws grabbed the necks of the angels.

Their faces, which were as beautiful as each other, twisted in the same way as they felt like their necks would break at any moment.

'Is this how far it has tilted?'

The durability of an angel's body is not so weak that any creature can easily destroy it.

And the secondary application of the law they used had a definite effect.

But Satan's law, which wiped out countless ordinary angels and even the archangel Metatron, was much stronger than Metiel and Satiel had expected.

If the Akashic Record is everything in the universe, then Satan's law is another whole that is symmetrical to it.

That is, if the balance of the law is balanced to some extent, even physical shocks cannot be fully transmitted beyond concepts.

"Two archangels."

Satan looked at the two archangels who were in pain and smiled wickedly.

"Is this enough?"

At the moment when Metiel and Satiel's glory bodies shook as if they were about to explode, someone ran from behind Satan and struck him.

Satan's body, which flinched, quickly lost strength and Metiel and Satiel escaped.

But Satan didn't care about the broken angels.

"Who on earth...?"

The shock itself was not that great, but he felt something that could temporarily disable Satan's law.

Satan turned around and realized why.

The bishop of Carcissus Monastery, Ethela, who had a perfect law of good, glared at Satan with burning eyes.

* * *

'Just a little more...'

Arabot's walls flashed in Flue's sight.

But it was like a paradise that quickly hid its traces, and giants filled its place.

"Black! Huhuk!"

Sad tears poured out.

She came to heaven with pride as a pro-magician, but it was too hard and overwhelming for her to do anything here.

Mattei's giant guards were so huge that she couldn't even send them away with her magic.

What can I do in a place like this?

But she ran because if she stopped here, she felt like she wouldn't be able to do anything forever.

She felt like her pride as a magician, which she had kept for her whole life, would collapse.

'I can still fight more!'

Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump!

The giants found Flue running under their feet and stomped their feet down.

Flue, who was rolling on the ground, bit her lips in misery as if she had become a bug.

A majestic voice came from the sky.

"This is why humans are annoying. They're weak and small."

The giant who was annoyed by Flue's dodging slammed his sword down with all his might.

Kwaaaaaaang!

From Flue's point of view, it was a shock that seemed to split the world apart.

Fragments as big as houses scattered in all directions and a shock wave pushed Flue's body tens of meters away.

Flue's back hit the ground that melted like wax. A rock as big as a human head hit her shoulder while she lost her concentration for a moment.

"Aaaaaaak!"

She felt her bones crumble as the shock passed through her body. Flue sensed that everything was over.

She screamed and fell to the ground, but she couldn't even roll because her right shoulder was completely smashed.

The giant's palm came down from the sky. Flue shivered as if she had been electrocuted.

Just as a child can think of hundreds of ways to torment an ant, she couldn't even imagine how she would die at the hands of a giant.

"Flue!"

She heard a voice but didn't have time to look around. Someone ran over and hugged Flue's body and flew away.
```
[Translated block]


```text
"Ahhhhhhhhhh!"

Flu, who screamed in pain holding his sore shoulder, opened his eyes wide at the face of the man who saved him.

"How did you get here?"

How did Crude, who should have been commanding the rebels in the middle of the battlefield, come here as a single?

And not only Titan or Guroi, but only a Piper, a first-stage weapon of Mecca.

"Why did you come? What about the rebels?"

"The war is over. We lost."

"What nonsense!"

Even if they lost, shouldn't the commander fight to the end?

But Flu closed his mouth.

She had no right to point out Crude, who had notified her that God's punishment was struck on Arabot.

'He must be resentful.'

He knew that Crude had not told the truth to the rebels until the end.

He said it was none of his business, but his feelings were not something Flu could imagine.

So Crude came.

'It's better this way. If my death makes you feel better...'

"But."

Crude, who had roughly measured the high walls of Arabot, continued.

"Now that this has happened, wouldn't you be satisfied unless you see heaven destroyed?"

Flu was speechless at the unexpected words, and Crude ran toward the wall with her.

When he flew his body in a zigzag using Piper's function, the giants started hunting for bugs by stomping on the ground with their feet.

The ground shook like a rubber sheet every time a giant's foot fell, and it was almost deafening.

'I can do it.'

Even in the distant fear that seemed not to be the emotion of this world, Crude desperately held onto his reason.

He was the one who had precisely operated Titan, a giant device, after boarding Guroi with Piper equipped at a millimeter error.

He couldn't compare to the power of the giants, but his understanding of the equipment, which was called a genius pilot, was comparable to that of an immortal.

"Human beings who are less than bugs!"

But as the tempo of the giant's footprints quickened, he encountered a scale limit that could not be overcome by skill alone.

It's one step for a giant even if you run a hundred steps.

It was a miracle that he came this far with Flu in such a situation.

"There! Arabot!"

Crude also saw where Flu shouted.

But even if he climbed up the wall with aerodynamics, he would only be caught by the giant's hand and crushed.

"Do you know why I came looking for you?"

It was an absurd question in a desperate situation, but strangely enough Flu felt convinced.

She didn't understand why he came to save her, who should be hated most in the world.

"To kill me..."

Crude smiled as if he had made up his mind at Flu's honest answer.

"Be sure to go back alive."

"What are you talking about..."

He didn't hear an answer yet.

But before Flu could ask again, Crude pulled out Piper's voice recognition device and spat out a command.

"Limit release."

Clang! Clang!

Piper reads the user's movements as fast as nerve speed and enhances muscle strength.

But no matter how much you increase your function, there is a clear limit to what the human body can withstand.

Therefore, Piper, who released the limit, could no longer be called a muscle assist device.

A kind of trap.

A killing machine that confines and destroys the human body.

'I have to do it with maximum output.'

Crude knew better than anyone that this was his last chance.

As he pulled Flu out from his side and twisted his waist, Piper rotated at maximum output sensing the user's movement.

Eududududuk!

His spine snapped as his waist rotated half a turn.

"Keeeeee!"

Crude didn't care.

He only tried his best to get the strength to throw Flu over the wall by twisting his waist again.
```
[Translated block]


```
"Ahhhh!"

The small engine roared as Crude's waist returned to its place at an incredible speed.

At the moment when a faint shock was transmitted to the brain as the disks were crushed, Flu's body soared into the sky like a cannon.

"Grab it!"

The giants reached out their hands past Crude toward Flu flying by.

Although he was flying at an incredible speed, the giant hand overwhelmed the scale of space and stretched out toward Flu.

At the same time as the palm of his hand blocking his sight was stuck in Flu's two pupils, five fingers curled up.

Dawkins algorithm.

Flu, who escaped from between his fingers as if bouncing out, hastily cast a fly magic and landed on the wall of Arabot.

In a feeling of relief that he was alive, only in a feeling of fear, Flu looked at Crude left far away.

"Oh, no...."

When he thought he seemed to be smiling, the giant who followed him late grabbed Crude.

The giant who bent his waist as if to fall down increased his speed and raised his upper body, expressing his anger at missing Flu with a roar.

"Kraaaaaaang!"

If he jumps down to Arabot, the holy land of Anke Ra, there is no longer any way for the giant to catch her.

So the last remaining possibility was human stone throwing at Flu, who was still on the wall.

As the giant swung his arm at Flu, Crude's body flew in a straight trajectory.

Bang!

Crude's body, which barely missed Flu, hit the edge of the wall and bounced up while spinning.

"No...."

Flu stared at Crude blankly.

The first thought that came to mind when he saw his arms and legs twisted grotesquely enough that he could never think of it as a human being was a question that might be terribly selfish.

'I haven't heard it yet.'

Crude's body, which was spinning in mid-air, followed the inertia thrown away and crossed the wall and fell to the ground of Arabot.

"No way!"

Flu, who couldn't hold back her cry, jumped down after Crude under the wall.

* * *

Kang! Kang!

Cracks began to appear in iron, which boasts the highest strength.

Girsin's sword, which reached the seventh stage of Ilhwa's alcohol, finally began to destroy Babel's body.

Kanya trembled with Lena unconscious in her arms.

The battle between Girsin and Babel was too fast for her eyes to follow as an ordinary mecha soldier, but she could imagine exactly by looking at the flames exploding with a roar.

All the other giants had already annihilated all the rebels and left their seats to push back the rear guard, and only Kanya and Lena were left alive on the desolate battlefield.

"No. This is not...."

The reason why everyone died and only they survived.

It was a fact that she never wanted to think about, but Kanya had a duty to know it.

Babel moved only to protect Kanya and Lena by calculating the odds of war at 0 percent.

And now... even the possibility of the third item of Shiro Ne's algorithm is converging to 0 percent.

"Kkkk, it's decent for a can. But that's the limit of machines. No one can surpass the power of giants."

To Girsin, Babel was an old enemy he met after a long time, but his impression was just there.

He always won, so no being had more value than an old enemy.

There was only one being who could dominate him.

Anke Ra is not from this world. The strongest of all living things, giant Ymir.

"Tahaaaaaa!"

Girsin's spirit was completely buried by the ensuing roar, and Babel's right arm was cut off as a flash flashed.

Losing part of his body organs in Babel's program specialized in boxing is a fatal blow.

That's why Gaia people also valued durability when designing Babel.

But Girsin's strength surpassed that durability, and finally Babel's arithmetic device derived a winning percentage of less than 0.1 percent.

Avoiding Girsin's sword that followed him, Babel flew his body and blocked Kanya and Lena.
```
[Translated block]
Thump! Thump thump thump!

As her shoulder opened, the iron armor that popped out stuck to the ground and protected Kanya and Lena.

Almost at the same time, Gilsin ran over and slashed Babel's body with his sword.

Kwaaaaaaaang!

As a huge shock exploded from Babel's back, Kanya's shoulder twitched from hearing it nearby.

But Babel's expression did not change at all.

He still looked at Kanya and Lena indifferently with a cold face like a machine, just enduring Gilsin's attack.
[Translated block]