


[575] Monster of Omnipotence (2)

It was as if time had sped up tens of thousands of times, and icicles formed in the sky and struck the ground.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Prings revealed himself between the thick ice pillars.

'Prings? Why?'

Even if he attacks by surprise, combat is impossible.

Since there is no one in the current alliance team who has a higher rank than Shirone, if Kang is hung up, that's it.

"It's not fun, but......"

Chobakryung.

When Prings swung his arm, the atmosphere froze thinly and rushed into Shirone.

The thickness was so sharp that it would not be visible to the eye if light did not reflect, and the trees in the forest were cut and fell.

"Prings! Kang!"

Shock was in Shirone's eyes, who avoided Chobakryung and hung Kang.

'What?'

Lulu's electrical signal did not enter his head.

"You think it's too easy because there's a block? You should know the rules properly."

As Chobakryung was cast continuously, the scenery began to be cut off as if the perspective had disappeared.

'What happened?'

Shirone, who escaped from the gap of cutting, rolled on the ground and shouted again.

"Prings! Kang!"

This time, Kang did not hang, but the cause of the problem could be found with two attempts.

'It disappeared.'

Prings' presence suddenly disappeared from the empathic sense that feels like a spirit zone.

'I see.'

-In order to hang Kang on a specific target, the spirit zone must be in contact.

In combat, it is common for each other's spirit zones to overlap, but it is different in black and white games.

If you avoid the spirit zone and get out of the radius at the moment you hang Kang, the block will not be activated.

'Is it really possible?'

Unless you enter the image zone, the spirit zone is not something that can be confirmed by the eye.

Therefore, avoiding the spirit zone through the empathic sense combined with the five senses required a murderous sensitivity.

"I'm a little sensitive."

He had fought with numerous magicians so far, but it was the first time he had seen a tactic to avoid the spirit zone.

'Graduation class ranking 3rd, Prings. Is it not just luck that you're in that position?'

It was understandable why Prings had not been interested in card collection so far.

'Kang is impossible from the beginning. You have confidence that you can absolutely avoid it.'

Unless it was the level of Arin's mental activity, it was difficult to catch Prings with just the conversion of the four directions.

'But is it really?'

When Shirone, burning with a competitive spirit, widened his eyes, Prings raised both arms and cast a spell.

"Ice Soul Dance."

Hundreds of icicle clouds shaped like tadpoles spread out from Prings, penetrating the creatures of the forest.

As if the Ice Age had come, everything was covered with frost and began to freeze.

'It's dangerous!'

This place is not Ichonbeon.

The reason why fire and cold are called the best attack magic in actual combat is because they deal with environments where life cannot survive.

"Shall we start?"

Prings, wearing the thorns of the Ice Demon, charged.

* * *

"Now, today's integrated class is about four-way transformation. The spirit zone changes according to the magician's mind, but it's inefficient to use in actual combat. So, it's important to learn the basics of the four directions."

At the gathering of advanced class students, Ethel explained about the four directions as usual.

The kids who just moved up to the advanced class perked up their ears, and the students of Class Five or Four were just waiting for the practice time with a sullen expression.

"Ah, I'm bored."

Maria put her index finger to her mouth at Mark's grumble.

"Shh. The teacher will hear you."

"Sorry. But I think I'm in a slump these days."

"You're training hard, aren't you?"

Mark and Maria, who are receiving personal guidance from Sade, had their skills matched and were currently ranked 1st and 2nd in Class Four.
[Translated block]
"That's the problem. It's boring even though I'm working hard. I think it's time for me to leave the advanced class."

Maria had been having similar thoughts recently.

"Well, the seniors we know also worried about advancing to the graduation class at this time. But the TO hasn't come out yet, has it?"

The status of Aider, who is currently hospitalized in the duty room, has not been decided whether to drop out of the graduation class.

"It's annoying. If it's a full-body fracture and trauma, why not just give up this year? It's blocking the way for juniors."

"Where is that saying? To the senior."

"Chet, I heard that I was scolded by Senior Shirone and got hit, but it's better. Anyway, just come out with the TO. I'm going to apply first. Is that okay?"

Maria shrugged her shoulders.

"Do as you please. I'm going to do it by the book."

Even if she entered the graduation class right away, she was a girl who thought there was no merit other than experiencing the graduation exam in advance.

"Woah!"

When Etela, who entered the image zone, quickly showed the four-way transformation, cheers erupted from Class Seven.

"Now, does everyone understand? Then, from now on, each class will scatter and transform in four directions...."

Kwaang!

Suddenly, a loud noise erupted from the forest, and broken trees soared into the sky.

"What, what?"

As the advanced class students looked at each other with dumbfounded expressions, Etela quickly turned around and looked at the forest.

Without needing to detect the spirit zone, two graduating class students entered the integrated class training ground.

"Huh? Senior Shirone?"

Shirone, who was chased by Prings' indiscriminate attack, soon realized that she had entered the integrated class training ground.

"Oh no....!"

There was no time to regret the mistake, and the ice spikes of the ice owl flew accurately aiming at the vitals.

'The precision is really amazing. It's a level that surpasses Dante just by looking at the senses.'

As the cover of the forest disappeared, Shirone and Prings began to use attack magic in earnest.

The scattered flashes of light, the exploding fragments of ice.

The advanced class students were lost in the high-dimensional offense and defense that surpassed imagination.

However, even the admiration was for a moment, and when the power of magic soared geometrically and threatened the surroundings, the lower class students stood up.

"Ugh! It's dangerous!"

Prings, who retreated in a riding posture, bent all ten fingers and cast a spell.

'Ice wave!'

As the wave of freezing ice scraped the ground and thousands of ice spikes stretched forward, Shirone also cast a wide explosion.

Kwakwakwakwakwang!

The fragments of the ice wave scattered and the frozen powders sparkled as if stars were out in broad daylight.

"Stop it! It's class time now!"

Etela shouted, but Shirone and Prings, who were half-crazy, did not stop fighting.

The homing photon cannon circled the training ground, and even the students of the advanced class upper class turned their bodies and ran away.

"Avoid, avoid!"

Although the distance was far, the speed of the homing photon cannon was so fast that they had no choice but to think that it was flying towards them.

"Let me see. What's going on?"

Shina and Sad, who flew in with space movement at the sound of the insect magic explosion of Pisho, pierced through the crowd of students.

"Huh? That's......?"

As Sad blinked his eyes, the lower class students shouted.

"Senior Shirone and Senior Prings are fighting! Teacher Sad, please stop them quickly!"

Sad's forehead wrinkled.

'That's not a kid's fight.'

It was not just a matter of power, but a deadly irregularity and tactics that could be seen on the actual battlefield were crossing in real time.

If they were not going to go in together and fight, they could not intervene right now, so Etela and Shina were also looking for opportunities.

'Kwang Ik!'

Shirone, who spread the wings of light, stabbed an ice spear following the trajectory of low-altitude flight.

The homing photon cannon, completed in a split second, approached powerfully, but Prings created a stray bullet by inducing a trajectory with ultra-precision movement.

'The difference in precision is clear. I'm a little angry.'
[Translated block]


As Siro-ne cast the Photon Cannon directly in a surge of emotion, a one-meter-thick ice wall rose in front of Prings.

The Photon Cannon pierced the ice wall with a roar, but Prings' expression remained indifferent.

'The power has already fallen.'

When he, who had gathered ice with high reflectivity in his fist, swung his arm, the Photon Cannon was repelled.

"This is really amazing......"

Admiration was heard among the students of Class Po.

As they were about to graduate, they knew how precise and sensory the current battle was.

"Siro-ne senior......"

Especially, the shock that Mark received was beyond imagination.

'I thought I was desperately catching up.'

He was confident that there would be no one who trained more fiercely than himself, without comparing with anyone.

'It's not just me running. Everyone is running.'

In such a race, what more should he give up here to run faster than others?

"Maria, let's double the training volume from today."

"......Okay."

In the midst of the fierce battle, Prings was timing to prepare for a decisive technique.

"Shall we finish it slowly?"

When he gathered both hands on the right side, the frost smoke began to compress at a strange speed.

At the same time, Siro-ne also prepared to counter by floating the Photon Cannon in front of him.

"Super freezing......!"

At the moment when Prings was about to cast a spell, a rough whirlwind rose from the bottom of his feet and froze as it was.

Shiina's magic, Ice Tornado.

Sharp ice spikes crossed Prings' body, but there was not a single wound.

On the other hand, Etela, who had approached Siro-ne, was also choking his neck with her arm inserted under his armpit.

"Kuk!"

At the pressure like a steel whip tightening, Siro-ne finally canceled the Photon Cannon.

However, his gaze was still fixed on Prings, and his breath was rough with excited emotions.

"Prings, what are you doing?"

When Shiina approached, Prings looked at her with only his eyeballs moving in a state where he could not move at all.

"I'm sorry. There was a minor disagreement."

Shiina, who had already been scolded at the teacher's meeting for Scramble Royal, did not even fart.

"Stop it right now, if you want to keep going to school."

'I have a good body.'

Prings didn't even listen with his ears.

"I can't leave school. But in this case, isn't it appropriate to have a mutual fault?"

Shiina's face turned red.

'Anyway, these guys......'

The presidents of the Research Society of Darkness, who do not listen to the teacher's words as if they were enemies in their previous lives.

She had hoped that they would mature a little when they were sent to the graduating class, but they had been rotting their heads for several years without graduating.

"Siro-ne, stop it."

Etela loosened the strength to choke and advised.

"But......"

The one who led the fight was Prings.

"There could have been students who were hurt."

Only then did Siro-ne look around and see the students who had taken classes together until last year looking at him with scared faces.

"......I'm sorry."

There was no point in fighting any more because Scramble would have been collected by Pisho anyway and the teachers had come out.

Shiina, who had released the Ice Tornado, said.

"Go back to the graduating class right now. If you cause such an incident again, there will be no forgiveness."

"I'll do as ordered."

Prings, who raised a gentlemanly greeting, headed towards the forest, but it was in a direction completely unrelated to the graduating class.

"Ah, I'm annoyed. Stress."

Shiina, who pressed her temples with her hands, called Siro-ne, who was standing dejectedly.

"Siro-ne, come see me for a moment."

"Me? Now?"

It was the time when Scramble Royal was in full swing.

"I'm sorry, but now is a little......"

The power went into Shiina's eyes.

"Right now. Even if it's a graduating class, this is a school. Or do you think the advanced class teacher is funny?"

"No! I never thought that......!"

"I know, so follow me."
[Translated block]
As Shiina took Shirone down the mountain, Etela restored the atmosphere with a smile.

"Now, everyone! You now clearly understand why you have to work hard on your four meals, right? The core of the transformation is……."

As the students made a dumbfounded expression, Sade shook his head as he regained his taste.

"Teacher Etela, that's not it."
[Translated block]