


[304] The Master of Fire (2)

"We can't delay. We have to give Sirone some leeway. Gangseon is still choking her. If we waste time, the situation will only get worse."

Amy desperately swallowed the words that rose to her throat.

Armin was right. If it was inevitable, they had to bet on the side with a higher chance of winning.

"I'm worried about Sirone, but we have to chase Arius. He must have taken back the timeline he used on Sirone. I'll give you three seconds. If no other solution comes up within that time, I'll release the reverse field."

A timer automatically turned on in Amy and Reyna's minds. One second, two seconds... No solution came up.

By the time they reached three seconds, they had resigned themselves to fate.

It was a situation close to coercion, but they were ready to face reality when the time reversal field was released.

'Good luck, Sirone...'

Armin, who had taken back the timeline, left the food storage with a flicker magic.

If they lost Arius, he would reveal to the world that he had violated the agreement, and that would cause an international conflict that would rival the Ataraxia problem.

Amy and Reyna didn't even notice Armin's disappearance as they focused on Sirone's next situation.

They felt life return to Zenoger's face as a flash of light flashed from Sirone's body. A short-diameter light burst exploded once, pushing Zenoger away.

By increasing the density of the light burst to create a barrier-like impact, Zenoger felt a shock as if he had been hit by a carriage.

But he couldn't understand it.

The sensation of cutting through skin was still in his fingertips. It was the first time in his assassination history that he had been counterattacked after feeling this sensation.

"Si, Sirone..."

Amy's voice trembled with emotion.

She had no idea how Sirone had pushed Zenoger away. Even if she changed the flow of consciousness, it was not a casting speed and power that could be achieved at the level of a magic school student.

The spider web that held Sirone burned red and soon turned into hard ash and snapped. Shooting a laser at a 1mm thick spider web and conducting heat was also a precision that Sirone could not currently achieve.

Amy, who was relieved that Sirone was alive, only then realized that something was wrong.

But when Sirone fell backwards with a thud, her mind went blank again and she ran out kicking the floor.

"Sirone!"

"Don't move!"

Zenoger, who had been pushed away by the light burst, flew back and pressed down on Sirone's back of her head and back. But his eyes were still shaking without recognizing the situation.

'What the hell happened?'

He could only think that the world had changed in an instant after a momentary moment. The women who had been tied up with spider webs were also free, and their positions were different.

'I've been hit by something.'

Zenoger had no way of figuring out what was going on in the time reversal field. But his mind, honed by years of experience, quickly eliminated meaningless variables.

Something happened outside of his perception.

He only had to keep in mind who his current enemy was, and he would be the last one left anyway.

"Zenoger! Kill her! Right now!"

Zion finished his calculations and shouted.

If Sirone survived even after Arius escaped, he would be blackmailed. Killing Sirone and everyone involved in today's incident was the only way for him to plan for the future.

"Who would have thought so!"

Amy ran towards Zenoger.

She wouldn't make a mistake this time. She would save Sirone at all costs.

Zenoger moved a little faster. He tied up Sirone's neck with a steel wire he pulled out of his mouth again in a hook shape.

But before he could pull the steel wire, red light sources gathered around Sirone and high-powered lasers shot out in all directions.

A beam of laser pierced through Zenoger's shoulder as soon as it touched him.
[Translated block]


"Huh? What is this... Aaargh!"

Amy opened her eyes wide.

She had seen the power of the laser several times, but it was unbelievable. It was not as powerful as when Shirone cast it at full power.

The xenoger sensed the crisis and lay flat on the floor. And like an insect, it kept its eyes on Shirone and retreated with its limbs. It climbed up the wall backwards and stuck to the corner of the ceiling where spiders like best.

When Xenoger failed, Zion decided to execute Shirone himself. He stretched out the blade of his gauntlet and rushed in.

"Die! You worthless bastard!"

"Prince! No! Avoid it!"

Zion did not stop despite Xenoger's dissuasion.

Shirone reached out to Zion, who was approaching from the side, with his head bowed and twisted. In an instant, a thin laser pierced Zion.

A second later, he reacted.

"Aaaah!"

Zion fell back like a person hit by a gale and rolled on the floor clutching his stomach.

He didn't even know where or how he was hit. He just felt a tremendous pain in his abdomen.

&nbsp;-Abdominal perforation occurred. Cell regeneration ability maximized. Pain blocking substance injected. Physical ability utilization index decreased by 48 percent. Estimated recovery time 3 minutes 47 seconds. Rest required.

"Prince! Are you okay?"

Xenoger, who crawled over like a bug, propped up Zion's upper body. But his left eye was still watching Shirone's every move.

As an assassin of the Spatula tribe, he had his own manual for dealing with magicians.

But this simple magic was the first time he had seen it. If he had been pierced through the brain, Zion would have died instantly.

Shirone hadn't uttered a word so far. He just staggered around like a drunk person.

Then he shivered after shooting the laser.

He spat out a handful of blood from his mouth with a rough cough.

"Damn, this human body..."

Shirone slowly lifted his face and Amy covered her mouth with a frightened expression.

His pupils had turned black and veins like nerves were bulging around his eyes and temples.

Amy realized that the expansion of the nervous system had enhanced Shirone's magic.

But that was not normal.

He felt the same monster-like nature that appeared in Deep Stage 1 from Shirone.

"Shirone, are you really Shirone?"

Shirone did not answer.

Of course he was Shirone. He had just integrated with Behemoth in the Avatar stage.

It was different from being possessed by sharing an avatar with two egos. Integration meant that they were mixed together.

He was different from pure Shirone, but he was still Shirone if it was his avatar.

"Answer me! Who are you?"

Shirone said with a cold smile.

"It's me, Amy. Don't you know?"

Amy was sure.

The being in front of her was not Shirone.

"Liar! You're that monster from before! Bring Shirone back to normal!"

Shirone was cold-hearted. But now it was like looking at a volcano boiling with lava.

Shirone ignored Amy and looked ahead.

The only emotion that moved him right now was anger. He felt like he would explode in his stomach if he didn't spit it out right away.

Zion was where his anger was directed.

He had already recovered from his wound and was ready to attack with his gauntlet blade.

"You lowly peasant... Do you think I'll be beaten by someone like you?"

Xenoger suggested cautiously as he looked around.

"Prince, it's better to avoid it right now..."

"Shut up! How can I run away from a traitor who inflicted a fatal wound on a prince of a country!"

It wasn't because of pride that he confronted him.

If the incident ended as it was, he would have to pay for praying for Shirone's assassination. But if he killed Shirone here, he could easily cover up the incident by pushing him as a traitor.

"Xenoger, distract him. I'll hit him from behind."
[Translated block]


"I understand, Your Highness. I don't care if I die, so please preserve the object."

Shirone looked at Zion and Zenoger indifferently.

But inside, a tremendous chemical reaction of anger was happening, enough to make her lose consciousness.

"I'm going, Your Highness!"

Zenoger rushed in an attack stance.

The fact that he could be recognized as an assassin was that he would die if he rushed to Shirone now. But he willingly flew toward death.

"Long live Her Majesty Terae! Preserve the Spaturu clan!"

Zenoger spat out a beam with all his might.

He didn't even hope for a fatal wound. It was enough to buy time for Zion to realize the reality and run away.

With today's sacrifice, the Spaturu clan would be able to continue their lineage.

"Huh?"

There was nothing where the beam stretched out.

He arrived at the place where Shirone was standing and turned around with goosebumps.

A truly explosive speed of teleportation.

Shirone, who arrived at Zion, grabbed Zion's neck and ran to the wall and slammed it.

"Kuk!"

Zion's neck was strangled in mid-air, a foot off the ground.

Even while suffocating, Shirone's distorted face came into his eyes. The pupils were more swollen and the nerves around the eyes were dilated to the cheekbones.

"Kuku, I found you. It's you."

Zion's face was familiar but unfamiliar.

But it didn't matter to Shirone right now. The moment she saw Zion, she felt a tremendous rage.

As a light flashed on the surface of Shirone's pupils, Zion realized for the first time that light could be embedded in the dark.

The face that received the killing intent turned pale blue.

Arman had no room to pay attention to other strategies while supplying oxygen to Zion, whose airway was blocked. And that was the only instruction Zion gave him.

Shirone was annoyed that Zion was still trembling even when he had to die of suffocation. Then he looked at the limp tentacles and curled his lips.

"It's an object. Then how about this?"

Shirone's nerves thickened and lifted her skin from her arm to her wrist.

The strength of her hand increased. The blood vessels in her pupils burst and her eyelashes turned red with blood.

'My neck... my neck...'

Shirone intended to break his neck.

Despite Arman's physical enhancement ability, he heard a twisted sound from his neck. Zion shivered and wet himself.

"Ze, Zenoger..."

He called desperately, but there was no answer. He ran away to inform his clan of Terae's revenge when he judged that there was no possibility for Zion to live.

"It's really annoying. It still doesn't break. No, is my body weak?"

The avatar combined with Behemoth forcibly expanded Shirone's mind. The power of magic increased, but it also brought pain as if the brain was torn apart.

But if she suffocated him, he would suck oxygen from the object, and if she broke his neck, he wouldn't have enough strength, so it was annoying either way.

Shirone's words came as horror to Zion.

He experienced something like a near-death experience and came back, and the world looked different. There was nothing more precious than life for humans.

"If you kill me..."

Zion squeezed out his last strength and shouted.

"If you kill me, you won't be safe either! I am Terae's son!"

At the same time, Shirone threw Zion to the other side.

Zion rolled on the floor and grabbed his neck and made a dying sound. Water and saliva flowed down without covering his eyes, nose or mouth.

Shirone rubbed her wrist and bit her tongue. It hurt quite a bit because the ligaments were stretched.

She couldn't break her neck with her own body. The avatar combined with Behemoth satisfied her mentally, but she didn't care about physical enhancement.

Shirone approached as Zion shuddered.

He passed the brink of death and his head spun. The reason why Shirone spared him. It was because she heard the name Terae.
[Translated block]


```text
'Well, no matter how psycho you are, you'll be scared. How are you going to deal with it if you kill me
[Translated block]