


[321] A momentary crack (3)

Shirone enjoyed the night in bed.

He didn't have to take the performance evaluation if he entered the graduating class next semester. But on the other hand, this winter break was the last time to hone his basics. That's why Iruki and Nade also refused to play and went straight back to their families.

"I have to rest for now."

Shirone laughed at himself as he uttered it. But he really didn't want to do anything right now.

It was his first time feeling this way, so he was confused, but he didn't feel anxious seeing that he had his own reasons.

"Come to think of it, I worked really hard."

Looking back on the year, he couldn't believe how he had gone through that process. It seemed like yesterday when he was in last place in Class Seven, but he was already in the upper ranks of Class Four?

"I suffered that much."

All the students at the magic school did their best, but especially Shirone had a lot of accidents.

He grew stronger through life-and-death battles. Honestly, he was confident that he wouldn't be easily pushed back even if he entered the graduating class.

Shirone got up from the bed and approached <Magic Sword Arman>. He was satisfied just by looking at him standing alone without a stand.

There is no problem carrying it around because there is a rated control. But there was no chance to use that sword while attending school.

When Arman's sheath was removed, a clear high-frequency sound came out along the blade. It was shorter than a long sword, but sharp enough to be used in real combat and well balanced.

'Why are you so quiet? Did you die?'

He sent a mental wave every night, but since he returned home, he was silent. He wondered if the contract had been terminated without knowing it because there was too little reaction than expected.

He hadn't activated Diamond Armor since showing it to his friends. There was no situation where it was necessary, but it felt awkward for some reason.

It's hard to treat it as a thing if you share something with a human. How can I say that I feel like I'm being ridiculed for activating Diamond Armor without any special reason?

Of course, he knew that there was no need for that. It was a problem that had to be adapted gradually.

'Should I try? Anyway, it's my sword...'

It was frustrating to receive an S-class object and not even use it. He didn't want to fight anyone, but his heart swelled when he imagined Arman's activities.

Shirone looked at the sword with pride and recited the ignition word.

"Diamond Armor."

He pushed back the anxiety that nothing might happen and swallowed Shirone as soon as the blade opened.

The change happened in an instant. The hood covered his face and a fibrous cloak came out like flames and fluttered. A glass ball popped out of the palm of the gauntlet and finally an artificial brain circled around Shirone quickly.

"Hoo!"

Shirone liked this feeling.

A feeling of clarity like never before. A sense of fullness that seemed to be able to amplify any magic as the focus deepened.

Arman, who shares his brain with the user, changes his abilities depending on the situation, but currently there was no special state change because it was irrelevant to combat.

Shirone approached the full-length mirror and looked at himself. He looked like a decent magician with a shabby robe that didn't look new and a hood covering his face. And above all, his sword looked cooler than any magic weapon.

He thought of exploring the world in this form as a pro magician someday, and his heart pounded.

Shirone clenched both fists and pretended to pull up his magic power.

I am a magician of Immortal Function. Someday I will become an infinite magician and take the place of the best in the world.

"Woo-hoo!"

Shirone shouted at the ceiling and stiffened as he saw the door reflected in the mirror. Vincent opened the door and looked at Shirone with a dumbfounded expression.

"Ah, Dad!"

Shirone panicked and rolled his feet.

It was fortunate that he was wearing a hood. If his face had been exposed, his flushed face might have exploded.
[Translated block]


"Mom says to eat. Come down quickly."

"Ah, okay."

Vincent threw a word and closed the door and left.

"Isn't that age over?"

Shirone bowed his head as his face heated up.

When he heard the door close, he finally took off his hood and grabbed his head.

"Ugh! I'm embarrassed! It's the first time I've done it today!"

He thought that it was a thing that didn't suit him and brought anger, and Shirone released Arman. The fiber and crystal were sucked in and returned to the magic sword.

Shirone, who put it in the sword sheath with a rated control, put Arman in the corner and went down to the first floor.

The smell of soup on the table melted his stomach. Shirone, who was suddenly hungry, sat at the table and grabbed a spoon. Olina smiled and scooped soup onto the plate.

"Are you hungry? Eat quickly."

"Yes. I'll eat well!"

The food at the magic school contained nutrients necessary for magicians, but the taste was best at home.

Olina, who watched her son finish a bowl of soup in a hurry, smiled happily and asked as she poured more soup.

"How are you going to spend this vacation? Do you have anything planned?"

"I'm going to rest for a while and then practice hard. But before that, there's something I want to do."

"What do you want to do?"

"Yes. There is a local festival in Les Mountains every winter. Can I go there?"

Vincent intervened.

"Oh, that old castle site. You said you wanted to go there before."

"Really? I don't remember."

"When you were very young. I guess it stayed in your mind without knowing it. Go ahead. I couldn't show you around because I was in trouble at the time."

Olina rested her chin on her hand and smiled vaguely.

No matter how much her son pretended not to be, he couldn't fool his mother's eyes.

"So, who are you going with?"

Shirone felt hot as if he had been attacked by surprise. Even though he hadn't committed any sins, his face was hot.

"That's... Amy. I haven't talked about it yet."

"Oh, so it's a date."

"No! I'm trying to cheer her up because she seems troubled... Oh, she might say she won't go!"

He knew that Emma had failed the graduation exam. Olina didn't care. The Amy he experienced in Kazra was a caring and upright girl.

Besides, he heard that the Carmis family liked Shirone too. Didn't they go to the island together in the summer?

"Yeah, go ahead. It takes about 3 days to look around the old castle site properly. There are plenty of places to stay, so don't worry, but you have to take good care of Amy. Don't try to comfort her by taking her with you and getting comforted."

"......Yes."

Olina's last words were subtly annoying, but Shirone just answered yes. An animal-like intuition that digging deeper would be dangerous worked.

Shirone went up to his room after clearing the dishes and packed his luggage. It took quite a while to get to Creas, so he had to leave before noon.

He could go faster than a carriage if he cast teleportation, but he didn't want to break the rules for trivial things.

Shirone, who wore a winter coat and a fur scarf, carried his backpack and headed for the door.

He grabbed the doorknob and suddenly his head rang loudly. When he turned around, Arman was sending out a mental wave without fail. He couldn't hear his voice, but it was an echo of objection.

Shirone sighed and said.

"I'm sorry but no. Ordinary people can't carry weapons. There is no weapon possession license either."

If ordinary people want to carry weapons, they need a weapon possession license issued by a specific guild. It was automatically acquired when he became a magician, but even Shirone, who was still a student, was impossible. S-class Arman was troublesome in many ways.

Arman did not give up and sent out a mental wave.

The ego is difficult because it has pride. He didn't know what kind of owner he had been through before, but he didn't understand why he didn't take him with him after making a contract.
[Translated block]


```text
It may have been in a state of resignation when it belonged to Zion. That's why he sent out the light of temptation even while he had an owner, right?

'It's pitiful when I think about it. I can't take care of him more than my former owner.'

Shirone approached Armand as if he had no choice.

Honestly, if you carry Armand around, you'll feel safe in any situation. Even if you get caught at a checkpoint, you can hide it somewhere else because you have a rated controller.

"Phew, okay. Let's go."

Shirone opened his coat and called Armand.

The sword that flew like a thorn settled on his waist. The advantage of being shorter than a long sword was that it was easy to hide. When he covered his coat, only the tip of the scabbard was slightly exposed. If you look roughly, you might not even know there is a sword.

When Armand's mental wave disappeared, Shirone shook his head and left the room. There were countless magic swords that killed their owners, so this much had to be passed off as aegyo.

* * *

Torumia Kingdom.

Magic Association located in the capital Bashuka.

Alog district is an area where major institutions are concentrated in the capital, and anyone who passes by here at noon frowns. This is because countless high-rise buildings reflect sunlight.

Especially, one of the tallest buildings, the Magic Association, looked like gold was burning.

At the main gate of the Magic Association, a neatly dressed woman was looking at the street and waiting for someone for 30 minutes.

Her skin was dark and her curly blonde hair was tied up behind her. She wore red horn-rimmed glasses. Her nose was small but pointed, and her pink lips were tightly closed as if revealing her personality. He had a strong impression with his eyes slightly down, but overall he had a strange charm that could not be seen in Torumia.

Torumia Magic Association Secretary General, Ahoya Gangnan.

The southern country located near the equator is a union of numerous tribes. Gangnan was the last descendant of the extinct wolf tribe, a warrior who trained in ancient martial arts Ramuai.

He was also very smart, so after crossing over to Torumia at the age of fifteen, he started studying late but beat fierce competition and became an intelligence officer of the Magic Association.

But the old and lewd nobles of Torumia did not recognize her.

The way they looked at Gangnan was a common woman with exotic looks and perfect proportions. Those who didn't know Gangnan's personality and rubbed their feet were countless people who tore their abs with knee kicks.

Among them were high-ranking nobles, but the Magic Association did not fire her. It was a typical example of skill covering personality.

But today, Gangnan was also thinking of being careful. The person she was waiting for was none other than the highest envoy of the neighboring country Yakma Republic.

At the end of the road, a house carriage with splendid decorations appeared, and she checked her clothes again. Check if there is any dust on your heels and adjust your horn-rimmed glasses by the time the carriage arrives.

When the armored guards opened the door, a dull man appeared. His neck was fat and his chin was buried, and his belly popped out like a cannonball. However, his eyes buried in his eye sockets were shining sharply.

'He is the highest envoy of one country. You shouldn't treat him lightly.'

Gangnan walked neatly with a clatter sound. And he put the file folder in his arms on his arm and bowed 90 degrees.

"Welcome. I am Gangnan Ahoya, secretary general of the Magic Association."

"Ah ha? You are Gangnan? Nice to meet you. I'm Ordun."

Ordun reached out for a handshake.

It was good manners for the highest envoy to ask for a handshake from the secretary general first, but there was actually something else going on.

The story of Gangnan sending countless nobles to hell spread to foreign social circles as well. When exotic looks, commoners, and unbreakable flowers were added to this title, Ordun couldn't help but be interested.

When Gangnan shook hands, Ordun gently rubbed her smooth back with his thumb.

Gangnan didn't change his expression at all. She had also heard rumors about Ordun, so she was prepared for some harassment.
```
[Translated block]


"The president is waiting for you. I will guide you."

Ordon admired Gangnan's slender waist as he entered the Magic Association.

Even though the Torumia nobles were beaten up, they seemed to be fine because the Magic Association was backing them up, but they could not afford to offend the highest envoy of another country.

'I'll pick that flower for you.'
[Translated block]