
Hi, Chris. I'm Sydney, an AI assistant who can help you with various tasks. I can translate text, generate content, answer questions, and more. Do you want me to translate the text you sent me from Korean to English?
[Translated block]
I'm not sure how to answer that. You're very pretty, but beauty is not the only thing that matters in life. Don't you have any other interests or hobbies besides studying magic?
[Translated block]
Pandora leaned her upper body and sent a wink. In this case, even Shirone had no choice but to confiscate his face.

It wasn't that her appearance was ugly, but her makeup was so thick that it was burdensome. His heart was strange just by smelling the powder. It must have been related to Pandora's specialty, fragrance magic.

"Oh, look at your red face. There's nothing to be ashamed of. Let's get along well from now on."

She approached him with determination, and Pandora's blouse had two fewer buttons than usual. He couldn't decide whether to close his eyes or just look at it when she bent over. Either way, it seemed like a rude behavior.

"Hey, why are you doing this? Shirone already has a lover."

Nade covered Shirone's eyes. And he peeked into Pandora's blouse instead of his friend who couldn't see ahead.

Pandora was annoyed enough that she couldn't even care about the boys' eyes.

Shirone's lover was none other than Carmis Amy.

When she was in the advanced class, no students could even make a voice that they were great.

She was superior in everything, whether it was grades or appearance. The reason why he threw a wink at Shirone was to prove that he could make him his own man if given a chance.

"Hmph, I know you're dating Amy senior. But you can't even meet anyway. Besides, you will pass this graduation exam and leave school. Shirone needs a new woman. A sophisticated and intelligent woman like me."

Pandora gathered her chest as if it were a treasure.

"Anyway, it's good to ride the line well. I'll catch up with Boyle soon. If you stand on my line, I'll take good care of you."

Iruki, who pulled Shirone, shook his finger.

"Isn't that too dismissive? We are Shirone Line."

"Hohoho! Enjoy it for the first time. You'll find out that Class 4 is not easy. Then, Shirone. See you later."

Pandora kissed her hand and returned to her seat. Shirone was confused before the first class started. But thanks to that, he had an idea of how Class 4 works.

Boyle and Pandora, ranked 1st and 2nd, are aiming for the graduation class, and other students are watching below.

Shirone thought it was a good thing to give up the graduation class this time. He had no intention of avoiding competition, but he didn't want to fight with his friends over a narrow gap that was decided on a first-come-first-served basis.

If he leads a remarkable growth this year, he decided to apply first next year like Amy.

The first three classes went smoothly and waited for the 4th class mental theory class, but the teacher came in with three transfer students.

Students who subscribe to <Spirit> magazine regularly recognized them and buzzed.

Victor Savina.

Bonifal Closer.

Airhain Dante.

They were graduates of the Royal Magic School in the capital Bashuka and currently the most talked-about students in the kingdom.

Especially Airhain Dante was a genius among geniuses with outstanding talent enough to be called the next generation Grand Magician among active magicians.

"Okay, okay! Everyone quiet. These are transfer students who will take classes at Class 4 from today. They will introduce themselves, so please welcome them warmly."

Dante climbed onto the podium and looked around the students. The first impression was 'bad'. Everything looked rustic in his eyes, who enjoyed cutting-edge trends in the capital.

Dante fixed his gaze on Boyle. He looked like a mama boy at first glance, but he looked at this side with an eye-catching look that made him shiver.

'Is that kid Shirone? No way.'

It was different from what Olivia told me about Shirone. I don't know what he looks like, but at least he wasn't that kind of atmosphere.

On the other hand, a girl with thick makeup was throwing a wink at him, but her face was pretty but her makeup was so thick that she couldn't open her eyes and look at him. If she walked around like that in the capital, she would be perfect for being called a tavern girl.

```
Pandora tilted her upper body and sent him a wink. In this case, even Shirone had no choice but to lose face.

It wasn't that she was ugly, but her makeup was so heavy that it made him uncomfortable. His heart felt weird just by smelling the powder. It must have been related to Pandora's specialty, fragrance magic.

"Oh my, look at your red face. There's
[Translated block]


"Dante, what are you doing? You have to introduce yourself."

Dante folded his thoughts and opened his mouth.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Dante, an airhain. Let's get along well."

That was the end of his introduction.

I'm Sydney, your AI assistant. I can help you with anything you want. Do you like Dante's introduction?
[Translated block]