


Wow, that sounds like an interesting story. What genre is it? Fantasy? Romance? Mystery? And who are your favorite characters?
[Translated block]


```text
As Shiroe paid the amount, he looked back at Amy, who slowly moved her steps toward the stairs.

As they walked down the third floor corridor, Shiroe said.

"Let's unpack our luggage in the room first. Do you want to go out and eat something if you're hungry?"

"No. I just want to rest today. I feel a bit heavy after walking around in a cold place for a long time. Is that okay?"

If she really felt sick, it was fine to rest as much as she wanted, but Shiroe had a feeling that she was lying.

Maybe she was angrier than he expected.

Even if she understood Dante's advice in her head, emotions were a separate issue.

He thought he should have sided with Amy when Dante asked him for his opinion after arguing about the graduation exam results.

"Amy, earlier...."

Amy smiled faintly as if she had read Shiroe's thoughts.

"Don't misunderstand. It's not that. You know I don't hold grudges."

Then Shiroe felt even more depressed.

Doesn't the word grudge itself mean that there is a grudge?

Anyway, if Amy's mind was already messed up, no words would make her feel better.

In this case, what was needed was not conversation but time.

"Okay, then see you tomorrow."

"Yeah. You rest well too."

Amy opened the door with a key and went in. Shiroe watched her until then and inserted the key into the center of the doorknob.

As he opened the door and entered, the first thing that caught his eye was the snowfield that stretched endlessly beyond the front glass window.

Far away, hundreds of meters away, small torches were rising like dots and people were ice fishing there.

How nice would it have been if he had seen this view with Amy?

As he thought so, he sighed involuntarily.

"Hoo."

"Hoo."

Shiroe and Amy looked back at each other at the same time. And as if they had made a promise, they turned their bodies to the door.

"What, what is this?"

There were two doors, but there was only one room.

And there was only one bed.

The two looked at each other with bewildered expressions.

There was silence for a moment.

Shiroe's head was filled with all kinds of thoughts.

Above all, it was an accommodation that he had chosen by begging hard, so he had to think of some excuse.

'What, what do I do? Should I ask them to change the room? But all the rooms here are like this. Should I just get a refund and leave? Will Amy be offended? No, maybe it's the opposite? Do I have to refund....'

Shiroe didn't know what to do with his pale face, and Amy sighed softly.

She said it didn't suit him. And now that the situation had become like this, the decision was up to the girl.

Amy went to the closet and put down her backpack.

"There's nothing we can do. Let's unpack first."

"Huh? Oh, yeah!"

Shiroe was still clueless.

He didn't even know what was in his bag and was unpacking when Amy asked casually.

"Who told you?"

"Huh? What did you say?"

"You wouldn't have come in knowing it was like this, did someone else introduce you here?"

Shiroe confessed honestly with embarrassment.

"Actually, your father..."

Amy made a face as if she knew it would be like that and made a sound of disgust.

It was something he couldn't blame Shiroe for since there was a spy in his family.

"He said the atmosphere was really good. You'd like it too..."

The night view was definitely beautiful. But it was also a dangerous place for them to be alone.

Amy finished sorting out her clothes and pointed to the door and said.

"Let's go down and have dinner."

When Shiroe and Amy came down to the counter after leaving their room, the staff gave them a playful wink and asked.

"Do you like your room?"

Amy ignored the question and said.

"We're going to have a simple meal, where is the restaurant?"

Shiroe and Amy returned to their accommodation after filling their hunger around 11 o'clock.
```
[Translated block]


```
It was as if they had spent as much time outside as possible, but both of them knew that this place was their final destination.

All the processes of washing and changing clothes felt completely different from usual.

Their bodies were heavy like wet cotton after riding a carriage since yesterday afternoon, but their minds became clearer and clearer.

No one dared to touch the only bed in the room.

They didn't even discuss who would sleep on the bed.

The bed was taboo here.

The two sat side by side and looked at the horizon of the snowfield where the white snow and the black night sky met.

They could forget reality for a moment in the mystery of the night view.

But suddenly, a strange sound from the next room pulled their minds back to reality and shook them up.

As their eyes met, Siro's face turned red.

Amy avoided his gaze and desperately pretended to be calm.

"What? Why are you blushing like that?"

"Well, you look a little red too."

Amy realized for sure.

No matter how she thought about it, this was not it.

If they had to continue this atmosphere, it would be better to spread a mat in hell and sleep there.

"Okay! Let's be honest. We're not kids, we don't need this. Right now we're spending the night together at an inn and we hear something going on next door. And coincidentally, there's only one bed. This is a very strange situation. But that's enough. We know it's a strange situation, so it's not strange anymore. Agree? Now, let's go to sleep. We're tired."

Siro felt a lot better. But on the other hand, he was also dissatisfied.

How can he cut off his emotions as if he were cutting off something?

"Are you really okay? I'm a man, you know."

"I know. But nothing's going to happen, right?"

Of course it wouldn't.

But Siro, whose pride was hurt, added a word in a crawling voice.

"That's something you don't know......"

Amy laughed at his timid protest. And she thought of her family who would be imagining all kinds of things at home.

'Anyway, my father......'

He made them share a room with a man at an inn with such a delicate trap set up.

It was something that could never happen in the mindset of ordinary nobles.

But the Carmis family, which valued individuality, boasted an open-minded attitude even in love affairs.

Of course, no matter how open-minded they were, it was uncertain whether they would accept a commoner.

But still, the fact that he made such a decision meant that he liked Siro that much.

Anyway, she thought she wouldn't have to worry about her family's eyes in her relationship with Siro from now on, and she felt a little relaxed.

'Come to think of it, he's amazing.'

The Carmis family's red eye was better at grasping the other person's nature than any other ability.

But at the same time, it was also true that they didn't care much about ordinary talents.

Siro had grown at a terrifying speed enough to be recognized by his picky father.

Although it was also the price of his own failure, he came to the same line as graduation class as promised a year ago.

One year.

He caught up with that huge gap in just one year.

But she didn't feel bitter about it.

Even if Siro turned his life back and started over again, he would have come to this place anyway.

"To be honest...... I was mad at you earlier. I was hurt when you didn't take my side when Dante asked me."

Siro turned his head and looked at Amy.

"I don't know either. I just felt pathetic myself. I was so jealous when I heard that Joke had passed. I wondered what it would have been like if I had transferred too. I wondered if I had been stubborn for no reason without any skills. Maybe I don't have the talent to go to a prestigious school."

"Amy, thinking like that......"

"I know. There's no end to thinking negatively. That's why I got more angry with you. I was afraid to admit that I was wrong."
```
[Translated block]


"But now you know what the problem is."

"That's right. Dante's analysis is accurate. That's why I'm grateful to him. But... I still don't know. If I can graduate by having a style. I have no confidence in anything I do."

'Amy...'

This is why defeat is scary.

The graduation class is the top position in the magic school.

The feeling of falling from the peak was incomparable to the feeling of failing the advancement exam in the advanced classes.

The probability of passing the second graduation exam for those who failed the first one was lower than average for this reason.
[Translated block]