


[423] Second Command (2)

"This, this can't be..."

The gatekeeper couldn't finish his sentence.

As far as he knew, Shirone was a Nephilim who used light magic, but the magic that destroyed Offrica was dark magic.

The problem was that it was now broad daylight.

It was impossible for anyone but a free man from the law to use the power of darkness in a place where the light of justice filled the world.

"Are you going to continue?"

Plu pulled out the magic wand 'Phoenix' from the cubic and swung it.

He had been preempted by Shirone, but if he had been a little late, the phoenix would have popped out and destroyed the prison.

The gatekeeper's face twisted grimly.

"Don't talk nonsense. We are Norcans. We don't get swayed by some mythical nonsense!"

The gatekeeper cast the sound magic Perry, and a sinister sound like a crow cawing filled the sky.

Three Norcans landed behind the gatekeeper on the wind magic Eos.

They were Norc guards who had been waiting nearby.

"Hey, what's going on, you called us all? Huh?"

The bald man among the guards frowned when he saw Shirone's party.

"What are those kids?"

"They're from the First Command. That blond hair is Shirone, the Light of Sector 73."

"Shirone?"

The bald man stared at Shirone intently.

Like the gatekeeper, his expression also crumpled unpleasantly.

"Oh, that Shirone? The one who got attached to the inferior Meccans?"

Plu stepped forward and said.

"Is there anyone else to call? We're busy too, so if you're going to do something, do it quickly?"

The gatekeeper yelled at the guards.

"Don't be careless. Their magic is different from ours."

"I know. They're much weaker than us."

Plu snorted and pushed Phoenix forward when Shirone tapped his shoulder and stepped forward.

"I'll do it, senior."

No matter how Norcans perceived Shirone, he was in a key position in the war with heaven.

He needed to show his Nephilim abilities from now on to gather tens of thousands of Norcans under his command.

"Okay. Just finish it quickly."

Plu gave up his place and Shirone walked slowly toward the gatekeeper.

"Take us to the command. There's no need to continue this meaningless fight, is there?"

"Hmph, you're definitely worth the rumor. But do you know that? The real strength of Norc is from now on."

The gatekeeper widened his eyes and said to his colleagues.

"Prepare Mahagart."

The bald man looked back with a puzzled expression.

"Mahagart? Do you really have to go that far?"

"Didn't you hear? He uses strange magic. It's best to end it in one go."

"Tsk!"

The bald man reluctantly followed suit.

Regardless of rank, at the entrance of the command, the gatekeeper's judgment was paramount.

The remaining three people followed suit with the bald man's actions.

Ancient magic was not as individualistic as modern magic, but sometimes that trait became an advantage.

It was the ability to cast group magic.

Shirone felt the surrounding air condense heavily.

Four Norcans cast magic at the same time.

"Mahagart!"

A gale that surpassed the density of gas rushed in.

It was a powerful magic that once swept away, one couldn't even resist and hit the wall and limbs burst out.

Shirone clenched his teeth and fired a photon cannon.

A heavy flash penetrated into the center of the atmosphere, and the air wrinkled and swayed like waves.

Finally, it tore apart Mahagart with a cracking sound that seemed to tear his eardrums.

"Krrrrrr!"

The aftermath of Mahagart pushed in and fluttered Norcan's clothes.

It was enough to lose consciousness with just the sound wave.

"Ma, Mahagart..."

Norcan's group magic was as meticulous and powerful as Meccan's third-stage combat system.

Magic that could only be attempted if teamwork was perfect.
[Translated block]


```text
It was a humiliating thing for the Nor warriors that such magic was destroyed by one person's hand.

Flu had anticipated the outcome.

'Stupid. They should have considered the difference in density.'

No matter how strong the wind power is, it can't push away the photon cannon that is compressed at one point.

That's why modern magic divided air magic into press and blow series, making it possible to apply to various situations.

'By the way, you've trained quite a bit in a short time.'

The power of the photon cannon was much stronger than when it was in the Magic Association. Probably the graduation class life helped.

As they trained both shotgun movement and laser guidance together, Flu was happy with Shiro's growth as if it were his own.

* * *

Shiro's party followed the gatekeeper deep into the forest.

Shiro's performance was shocking, but it didn't break the hearts of the Nor warriors.

The only person they obeyed with their hearts was the commander, and they believed that she would lead the Nor people to victory.

Nevertheless, the reason they changed their minds was because they had gone beyond their own judgment.

They had no idea how it worked, but Shiro's skill, which destroyed four passers-by in one shot, was worth reconsidering.

"Don't think we'll accept you just because we're guiding you. The commander will never allow an alliance with the Mecha people."

Flu asked.

"Why did you split up? There must have been something that triggered it."

It wasn't strange that conflicts arose because Mecha and Nor had different ways of thinking, but in wartime where there was a common enemy called heaven, it was a common sense flow to somehow join forces.

She thought they wouldn't split up just because they were different.

"Mecha people are arrogant. They think they know best. Nor has its own way. But they didn't admit it. War is something you do with winning in mind. I don't want to join hands with weaklings again."

The gatekeeper stopped walking and pushed aside the leaves of a bush.

"We're here. This is our headquarters."

Shiro tilted his head. All he saw was a sheer cliff.

"Here's headquarters?"

When the gatekeeper cast a fairy magic, a unique bird sound pierced the sky.

A moment later, holes appeared in dozens of places on the cliff, and Nor guards showed their faces.

The ground shook as the cliff transformed into a fortress.

A door opened on the ground, and a stone staircase came down from above.

'It's ancient magic.'

The Nor people, who used natural affinity, seemed to have shaped the mountain magically and built a natural fortress.

When they arrived at headquarters, powerful men who looked formidable surrounded Shiro's party.

A tall blonde woman with a colorful impression came up with a haughty walk from the front gate.

Nor Grand Magician, Rebel Second Commander Reysis.

"What's going on? Purin's bird sound."

The gatekeeper stood Shiro's party up and whispered something softly to Reysis.

Flu switched all drone translations to internal channels and amplified the sound.

A warning window popped up on his retinal vision that sound collection was not possible. It seemed to be blocking the sound from spreading by using magic.

"Hmm, I see."

Reysis nodded after hearing the report and walked over to where Shiro was.

A master of ancient magic with 32 percent spirit force.

Flu did not let go of his guard so that he could take action at any time.

But Reysis' face, which had been expressionless until then, suddenly brightened in front of Shiro.

"Welcome, light of sector 73."

While he was bewildered by the unexpected hospitality, Reysis spread her arms and hugged Shiro tightly.

She smelled of strong perfume.

Perfume that smelled like blood.

Reysis took Shiro's party into the base inside the cliff.
```

I hope this helps you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]
The woman smiled and said, "Everything. Don't worry, it's just a routine procedure. We need to scan your body for any implants or modifications that might interfere with the spirit force measurement."

Plu hesitated for a moment, but decided to comply. She quickly stripped off her clothes and handed them to the woman, who put them in a locker. Plu felt a chill as she stood naked in front of the woman, who scanned her with a device.

"Good, you're clean
[Translated block]
"Everything. You have to sterilize it in the disinfection room and collect blood and body hair."

Flu unbuttoned her blouse one by one.

Even if she joined the second command, Lacey was still an untrustworthy woman
[Translated block]