


[371] Steel Gate (1)

It was the day of the magic school opening.

Shirone got up early in the morning, opened the blanket and packed his luggage.

Cubic was convenient in real life. He distributed various items into six slots and put Armand separately in one slot. It was to prepare for any eventuality.

When he came out of the room and went down the stairs, Ollina greeted him with a smile.

"Are you ready? Oh, where's your bag?"

"I got it. Here it is."

Shirone held out his palm and showed him the ring.

Ollina, who had been staring at her son's playful face, turned away without asking anything.

She was the one who realized that her son was a magician after the Kazra incident.

"Hurry up and eat. You'll be late."

Shirone looked at Ollina's back for a long time. She was the only one in the world, his mother.

"I love you, Mom. And thank you."

When Shirone hugged her waist, Ollina's hand stopped.

Of course, he is a cute only child at home. But her mother's sense of smell sensed the heavy fate in her son's voice.

'What's going on this time... God, please protect this child.'

Ollina regained her smile and turned around and squeezed Shirone's head hard.

"You little."

"Ow!"

"Don't act like a kid when you grow up. And don't touch a lady's belly casually."

Vincent, who finished washing his face, wiped his face with a towel and said.

"Then, then! Mom is the only one I can't give up, Shirone. So you too, hurry up and find Amy at school...!"

"Don't talk nonsense and eat."

"Yes."

Vincent sat down at the table with a soldier's walk. Shirone's laughter brightened the kitchen. He hoped that this happiness would last forever.

* * *

When he arrived at school in a carriage of the Ogent family, the front gate was crowded with people.

It was a new semester, and the seniors were scolding the kids who hadn't grown up yet.

As an announcement came on that the entrance ceremony was starting, countless students passed Shirone.

But Shirone was relaxed. The graduation ceremony was held at 2 pm at the Steel Gate, and he had already moved to his dormitory, so he planned to go to the research club and kill time with his friends.

"Hi?"

When he heard Amy's voice, Shirone turned his head with a smile. But soon his happy expression disappeared and his eyes widened.

"Huh, huhuhu?"

"Why are you so surprised? You look like you've never seen a red-haired girl before."

Amy's red hair was cut above her shoulders. Her hair covered her cheeks slightly and her bangs were trimmed asymmetrically, but she looked like a completely different person beyond being unfamiliar.

Amy twisted her lips as if holding back a laugh and lifted her hair with her hand.

"How do I look?"

"Huh? Well... pretty?"

She hit Shirone's shoulder shyly and laughed rolling her feet.

"What's that? Don't you feel like your attitude is different besides your appearance?"

"Uh, yeah. What can I say, a little sharper feeling?"

"Hmm, really?"

Amy looked satisfied and fell into her own thoughts for a while before coming back and asked.

"By the way, how did it go? Did you finish your work at the association?"

"Yeah. I asked about heaven, did some sightseeing, and stuff like that."

Shirone mumbled within the limits of not mixing lies. He couldn't tell even his only friend in the world secrets he couldn't handle.

Amy just smiled subtly without asking anything.

She had definitely gained confidence after meeting him for two months.

"It suits you well, but why did you cut your hair?"

"Just. It's annoying to train, and I want to start fresh."

Amy was a strong candidate for graduation who had risen to fifth place in last year's graduation class rankings.

It seemed that he had devised a strategy to start from scratch as breaking away from the second-year jinx was key.

"By the way, you came early? The event starts at 2 o'clock. Are you going to see the stupid combo?"
[Translated block]


"Yeah. I'm going to meet Ruki and Nade and go up together. How about you?"

Amy pointed to the uphill road that looked far away with her thumb.

"I'm going to the Steel Gate. I have to prepare to greet you guys. Oh, right. You have to say 'I' later."

"I?"

When Shirone pointed to himself and asked, Amy shook her head.

"No, not you, I mean me. Got it? Just say 'I' and you'll be fine."

"What does that mean?"

"Hehe, you'll see at the event. You'll be very grateful to me. Then see you at the Steel Gate at 2 o'clock."

Amy smiled with a snort and turned around. Her personality seemed brighter than before, as much as her hairstyle had changed, but Shirone was not yet used to it.

Amy turned around with a load on her back and said.

"Welcome to hell."

"Haha! Yeah, thanks a lot."

Amy went away laughing as if she was very excited.

Shirone shook his head as if he couldn't stop her and a smile appeared on his lips.

'Yeah, we finally stand in the same place.'

He seemed to know why Amy was in a good mood.

* * *

Supernatural Psychics Research Club.

Ruki was lost in thought looking at the blackboard full of formulas.

He finally entered the graduation class. But to be honest, he just came here somehow.

'A magician? Me?'

He could have come here anytime he wanted. At least Ruki thought so.

What made him stop was the fear of how his monstrous brain would be used in the world.

'I ended up following Shirone here.'

It wasn't a bad feeling. The reason he could be calm even in a situation where the graduation exam was a year ahead was because Shirone, a huge controller, was installed in his brain.

"Yeah, Shirone is born to be a magician. Is he preparing well?"

Honestly, Shirone had nothing to worry about. He would never stop as long as he had a clear goal.

'On the other hand, Nade is......'

He probably didn't do anything this time either.

He might have stayed in the warehouse all day making strange devices and come back.

It's a pity, but there's nothing he can do. Nade didn't want to be a magician.

'Has it been six years already?'

Six years ago from now, Ruki was expelled from the Royal Magic School and transferred to Alpheus Magic School.

Of course, his personality was still weird, so no one wanted to hang out with him.

Ruki didn't care about his school relationships either. The only person who caught his eye was Nade.

The boy who always sat in the back of the classroom and glared at the blackboard with fierce eyes.

'Hmm, he's an odd one.'

After watching Nade for a few days, Ruki asked his classmates with his unique shamelessness.

"Nade? I don't know much either. He doesn't talk. His grades seem decent though."

"I don't like Nade. He's gloomy, isn't he? And kind of perverted."

"Why are you curious about Nade? It's better not to mess with him. His eyes are too fierce."

Ruki could roughly guess what Nade's school life was like.

A few days later, Nade came to Ruki's seat. His eyes were cold as ice.

Ruki calmly raised his hand.

"Hi? What's up?"

"Are you the one who's been snooping around behind me?"

The tail gets stepped on if it's long. When rumors spread that Ruki was asking about Nade, the person himself came directly.

"Snooping? Why would I snoop on your ass?"

Somewhere there was a faint laugh. At the same time, Nade's fist hit Ruki's chin.

Ruki fell down with his chair and lay on the floor unable to move.

"I'll ask you again. Are you the one who's been snooping around behind me?"

"Ptooey."

Ruki spat out blood-stained saliva and slowly got up.

But it was a deception tactic. He immediately rushed in and tried to poke his eyes with two fingers.
[Translated block]
Nade looked at Iruki with a mixture of surprise and annoyance. He didn't expect him to show up here, in this remote town where he had been hiding for months.

"What are you doing here? How did you find me?"

Iruki shrugged and grinned.

"I have my ways. You know I'm good at tracking things down. Besides, you left quite a trail behind you. Blowing up buildings, stealing magic artifacts, fighting with bounty hunters... You're not very subtle, are you?"

Nade frowned and clenched his fists. He knew he had made some enemies along the way, but he didn't care. He had a mission to complete, a mission that only he could do.

"I
[Translated block]
Nade, who kicked the door open, stood up straight and saluted. Iruki, who remembered what happened six years ago, involuntarily let out a hollow laugh.

(End of volume 15)
[Translated block]