
"What is it?"

Lian answered softly as he felt Shirone's breath on his neck.

"I'm sorry."

Shirone whispered in a hoarse voice.

"I'm sorry for everything. For destroying Gustav. For killing so many people. For making you suffer."

He sobbed quietly as he buried his face in Lian's shoulder.
[Translated block]


"Do you not resent me?"

Lian thought.

'If I say I don't resent you... will Shirone believe me?

Even if it was an unavoidable situation, is it possible to have no resentment at all towards the one who killed your family?

"I'm sad that my brother died too."

His voice was buried by the wind, but Shirone was listening through Lian's back.

"I wanted to talk more with him. But Shirone, I don't resent you."

"Because you made a knight's oath?"

"That could be..."

Lian said honestly.

"But a knight's oath is nothing. There are countless knights in the world, and they betray their lords. I don't resent you because of the knight's oath, but because you are my lord."

Shirone was too exhausted to think of the difference between the two cases.

"It's not your fault. If you decided to do something, I believe there is a very big and deep reason that I can't think of."

"Justice."

Shirone hugged Lian's neck tightly.

"Will my family think so too?" Lian couldn't answer.

"Will Reina sister, Klump grandfather, Bishop uncle, trust me?"

"Let's go to the Ivory Tower."

The magicians of the Ivory Tower would be able to soothe Shirone's heart.

"I'm going to Tormia."

"Shirone."

"I'm going to ask for forgiveness from the Ogent family. Until then, I don't think I can do anything."

Lian turned slowly in silence.

Kuuuuuuuuuu!

The typhoon hit the two with a burning sound.

There was nothing on the ground.

The sea of Jinchun burned wildly.

"Kraaa!" In the flames, Mitura, the 8th Corps Commander, fought with all his might, but it was not enough to stop the four great stars.

"Ma, magic...

Shouldn't we open it now?

"You're a loser."

Minerba flew up to 100 meters and sucked in the bear squad, then spewed out smoke.

When flammable gas ignited and reacted with fire, an explosion that blew up a sea occurred.

"Woooooo!"

In the steam, Mitura burned and roared with his limbs spread out.

"I'll kill them all!"

Amantha of the Balance Department commanded.

"It's bluffing. Keep going."

As he predicted, the magic world did not open, and the remaining three launched a total attack.

"Kraak! Kraak!"

Mitura was miserable.

"Why...

Why can't I open the magic world?

Even if he pushed his mind with determination to self-destruct, he only converged to the limit, and could not reach his destination.

"The state of mind seems to be separate from strength."

Freed raised his sword and rushed in.

"But sometimes it's everything." Although they did not have the ability to open the magic world, the four great stars were those who transcended death with their own beliefs.

"Do you want me to tell you why you can't open the magic world?"

Mitura looked up at Freed who flew into the sky bound by Sing's law.

"You can't open it because you can't open it."

The mind is very strange.

"Ma, magic world!"

Mitura shouted, and the magic world did not open, and Freed's sword cut his neck.

Mitura's face fell into the sea with a surprised expression and sank into the abyss.

"It's over."

As Freed sheathed his sword, three of the four great stars flew quickly around him.

"The demons ran away. What happened?"

Mitura was a loser■, but it was unusual for him to scatter against the commander's orders.

"It must be related to Gustav. Shirone went there, so it must have been resolved somehow."

They were shocked to hear about Sojeonghwa much later.

Sing said.

"Let's leave this place to Jinchun and return to Ivory Tower. We need to come up with a countermeasure."

There was no objection and four of the great stars headed north across the sea.
[Translated block]


```text
Jincheon survived.

The 11th Corps, which had taken over the south, was engaged in a fierce battle chasing a party of only three.

The corps commander had already been annihilated by Gaold, but they were still advancing with more than ten million troops.

"There! Kill him!"

Gaold, wearing a worn-out coat, Kangnan, who was guarding his side, and Zulu, who summoned Cougar, took a battle stance.

Kangnan said.

"Leave this to us. Take a break."

Gaold's condition was serious, his hair was white and his bones were exposed.

"Take a break?"

There was no rest in Gaold's life since he refused eternal rest.

"What is that?"

As always, Gaold marched straight toward the incoming army.

The power of the faction would annihilate the demons, but Gaold's magic guarantees pain.

'I can handle it.'

Wouldn't it be too unfair to give up at this point after enduring all these years?

"Miro."

Gaold's pupils rolled up.

'Air press.'

The sensation is...

"Huh?"

What he saw when he opened his eyes was a different

The smell of air.

'What is this?'

Monsters with blades instead of arms ran towards Gaold.

"Die??????!"

He reflexively fired an air gun and the grotesquely twisted body was torn to shreds.

'Where am I?'

As he cleared his head, the brigade commander raised his hammer behind Gaold's back.

"Dangerous!"

Kangnan kicked the ground and flew up and hit the brigade commander's face with his knee.

The monster's face crumbled under the power of transcendence, and Kangnan turned his head as soon as he landed.

"What are you doing! Open the exit quickly!"

"time……

Gaold muttered and asked.

"What day is it today?"

Kangnan frowned at the nonsense, but there was no time to argue.

"It's the 16th! Why are you doing this?"

"16 days?"

Four days of memory had been erased since he cast Air Press on the army.

"Damn it."

He had experienced short-term memory loss since he became a self-rewarding mutant, but this was the first time the period had increased so much.

"All attack!"

Demons with bat wings in the sky shot fireballs at Gaold and Kangnan.

"Gaold……!"

At the same time as Kangnan shouted, Gaold's eyes shone and the pressure of the atmosphere soared.

"Ahhhhhh!"

He grabbed his head and screamed, Kangnan and Zulu walking on the white sand looked back.

"Does it hurt? You've been doing it too often lately

Isn't it?"

Gaold looked around.

'Sea. The end of the island?'

He could see that Kangnan's clothes were burned.

"When did you get hurt?"

"I got burned a little while breaking through the siege in the morning. You were there. Why are you doing this?"

This time it was about six hours.

Zulu, who realized that Gaold's condition was strange, opened his taciturn mouth.

"Tell me why. If you want to keep fighting, we need to know too."

"I am……"

His memory was cut off.

"Ahhhhhh!"

When he came to his senses, he felt tremendous pain and demons surrounded him from all sides.

"Let me pay back the corps commander's grudge!" The cylindrical pillar of Air Press pierced the demons, but Gaold felt too unfamiliar.

'Who am I?'

Why are you fighting?

"Let's retreat for now! There are too many of them! You said that the power of the faction is decreasing."

Did you?

'The power is weakening?'

Because I can't stand the pain.

"Wait a minute."

He resisted Kangnan's strength pulling his coat and Gaold touched her shoulder.

"Why again?"

"I am??????

Gaold asked with an incomprehensible expression.

"Why are you fighting?"

"To have Miro. Because she wants you to fight. Are you done?" Gaold's pupils shook.
```
[Translated block]
"Miro."

...Who was it?

Kang Nan clenched his teeth and said.

"You... tell me the truth. Is there something? You're hiding something from us, aren't you?"

"Ah, Miro."

He remembered.

"It's nothing. I'm just having complicated thoughts lately. Anyway, let's get out of here."

As Gaold moved his steps, Kang Nan grabbed him.

"Really?"

"I said so."

Kang Nan's eyes widened.

"Do you know? You asked me the same question two hours ago." Gaold couldn't answer.
[Translated block]