


[560] Scramble Royale (1)

"Jump!"

Knowing they couldn't suppress Shirone, Shuamin's party fled to the opposite corridor as soon as they ambushed.

'Are they sane?'

Casting an attack spell on a senior.

Thinking they couldn't let it go any further, Shirone cast teleportation and chased after them.

It was a mistake for the juniors to challenge Shirone with movement.

The distance was quickly narrowed, and eventually, thinking they couldn't escape, Shuamin's party went into a warehouse as soon as they turned the corner.

Shirone, who caught the end of their hiding, roughly opened the door of the warehouse and looked around.

As if possessed by a ghost, they had disappeared.

'Invisibility cloak. Where on earth did they get it?'

Shirone's voice echoed in the warehouse.

"Come out. I know you're hiding here."

When there was no answer, she floated a homing photon cannon around and detected the target through the spirit zone.

As the seeker turned in three directions, the golden sphere trembled as if it would pop out.

"Do you see the laser? It's a guided missile. Once fired, I can't cancel it. I'll count to three. One."

Silence.

"Two."

A trembling atmosphere.

"Three...!"

Shuamin revealed herself from a corner of the warehouse.

"Heh, do you think you can attack us?"

Alt appeared from a box, and Gerein crawled out from a gap in the building materials.

'They're really good at hiding.'

Gerein, who got up, agreed with Shuamin's words.

"That's right. Magic is prohibited in school. Especially if you hurt a student, it won't end with a week's suspension, right?"

They were outrageous in their audacity.

"You guys were the first to use magic."

"Hahaha! Okay. Then let's die together. I wanted to try being expelled."

'These cheeky...'

Even if the seniors and advanced classes use the weight of life differently, it was still an absurd logic.

"Okay, then I won't use magic."

Shirone thought it was best to match the rhythm to get a confession, but Gerein already had a winning expression.

"Good thinking. Then we'll be going. Guys, let's go."

Shirone moved to the side to block the exit.

"Where are you going?"

"Then what are you going to do? Magic...."

As soon as Shirone slightly raised her right arm and spread her palm, Gerein immediately shut her mouth.

When the slot of the cubic in the retina rotated and floated a sword on the top, Armand was caught in Shirone's hand.

"Diamond Armor."

At the same time as the keyword, the blade of the sword split with a crack, and in an instant, it swallowed Shirone along the right arm.

"Wha, what is that?"

The figure of Shirone wearing a pure white robe was overwhelmingly oppressive.

It was even fascinating when the artificial brain's outer shell emitted a purple glow and rotated around.

However, from the standard of the advanced class kids, it was better than holding a knife in their hand, and the tense expression loosened one by one.

"What, I was surprised? You're scaring people."

It was scary to pass by a senior in the dead-end warehouse with a sword.

When Shuamin signaled with her eyes and cast Wind Cutter, Alt and Gerein provided supporting fire.

'These guys...!'

Shirone moved without even thinking about avoiding it.

At the sound of iron breaking, Shuamin's party, who were running towards the door, stopped in surprise.

"What's with that outfit?"

The place hit by the Wind Cutter had turned metallic.

It was the shell of Ringer, a mineral species that boasts the strongest durability even in heaven.

"You guys, when did you start doing this?"

"What? Old man."

They were polite kids even when they met during the integrated class time of the advanced class.

'There's definitely something.'

Feeling the need for interrogation, Shirone pulled out the tentacles of Armand like the feathers of a peacock.

"Ugh!"

Shuamin's party was startled at the sight of the never-before-seen biological material.
[Translated block]


"Speak properly. Who told you to?"

"What, what is it! What are you going to do with such a monstrous thing! Are you a pervert, senior?"

Shirone's expression was still cold.

"That depends on how you guys behave."

"Guys! Let's do it for real!"

At Shuamin's signal, the party activated their organs.

Fireball, Ice Dagger, Eruption.

Shirone moved sincerely for the first time at magic that was different from Wind Cutter in imagination itself.

The molecules on the floor exploded like a volcano due to friction, and the flame of the fireball rose where the ice dagger was deeply stuck.

But Shirone, who had already left his seat, grabbed the necks of three people with his tentacles and lifted them into the air.

"Ugh! Monster!"

"Why are you doing this? This is self-defense. And I didn't use magic like you guys said."

"Shut up! You're a runaway who gave up on evaluation!"

"Shut up?"

Shirone's eyebrows twitched.

It was an unbelievable arrogance to think about how much he had looked up to his seniors in the graduation class when he was in the advanced class.

"Ugh!"

As the pressure of the tentacles increased, Shuamin's party's faces turned red.

"Speak. If not, your neck will break."

"Kill me! I can't say anything!"

There was some sincerity, but I couldn't erase the feeling that they were still looking down on me.

Would they really kill me?

"I don't know what to do now?"

Shirone, who had been thinking for a moment, came up with a good idea.

"You can't say anything for sure?"

"Yeah! We are proud wizards! Our beliefs will not be broken!"

"Okay. Then there's no choice. I'll have to ask Mark."

"Ugh!"

As expected, Shuamin's party's faces crumpled at the effect.

Mark, who became a follower of Shirone after losing in the teleportation evaluation, settled in the class Poe after repeated training and is still reigning as the fist king of the advanced class.

"You're cheap! Are you selling your junior's name? Are you still a graduate?"

Seeing that Alt's words were mixed with honorifics again, it seemed that Mark was scary.

'Well, the fist close to you is stronger than the law far away.'

They would be more concerned about Mark, who they would have to live with for years to come, than Shirone, a graduate.

"So speak. If not, Mark will ask you guys."

Gerein, who was watching Shuamin's reaction, cautiously opened his mouth.

"We are the Hide and Seek Research Society."

It was a dark research society that I had heard from Nade, and if so, I understood why they had rebelled.

The Dark Research Society had a strong sense of belonging and was a separate society within the school because its activities were extraterritorial.

"Why is the Hide and Seek Research Society stalking me?"

"I don't know why. The president told us to check it out."

He was talking about beliefs and stuff, but he was spilling it out.

"Who is the president?"

But this time, Shuamin's party unanimously refused.

"We can't say that!"

"Okay? Then Mark......"

Shuamin pleaded with a whimper.

"Really, senior. If we reveal that, we'll die not by Mark, but by the president. We don't even know why we're exploring here. Please forgive us just once."

Ironically, I could read sincerity from the fact that Mark's name didn't work.

Shirone, who had retracted his tentacles, looked down at the juniors who fell to the floor and coughed and said.

"Don't ever spy on other research societies again. If this happens again, you guys will be the most likely suspects."

"Yes. Yes."

"Go back now. And don't skip classes."

As soon as the words fell, Shuamin's party ran outside, and Shirone was lost in thought.

'Hmm, the Dark Research Society has moved. Is it related to my precognition?'

The possibility was sufficient, but since it was the first time I had been in a research society during class, I couldn't conclude.

'I'll have to ask Nade.'
[Translated block]
Shirone realized that lunchtime was approaching and turned his steps towards the restaurant.

'By the way, those kids, can they get out? They have to turn around a lot.'

* * *

The scenery of the restaurant, which he visited after a long time, was no different from before.

The atmosphere was noisy as it was the only time of the day when they could relax.

The difference from before was that the relationships were much more diverse than in the early days when they were stiff by class and faction.

Above all, his eyes went to the fact that Dorothy, a 4D girl, was across from Iruki.

'Dorothy used to eat with Ruman.'

To be precise, there was no one but Dorothy who dealt with Ruman.

Anyway, Ruman was sitting next to her now.

He was a master of crowd control, but he still looked unpopular due to his selfish personality and chubby body, and his bloated body during the vacation was 1.5 times more bloated.

Boyle, a summoning magic major, looked sick at Ruman, who was gobbling up food.

"Do you feel hungry when you eat like that? How much did you eat during the vacation?"

"Huh, you should ask how much special training I did. I keep eating when I'm stressed."

Iruki made a short jab.

"You're stressed because you keep eating."

Then Ruman squinted his eyes like a weasel.

"What's wrong? You're not eating and you're upset."

"Do you want me to tell you, an easy way to lose weight?"

"Huh?"

When Ruman showed interest, Iruki tapped the table with his index finger and said.

"When you eat or read a book, you always tap the table like this."

"Tap? What effect does that have?"

"Calories are consumed as much as your fingers move."

Ruman stood up abruptly.

"Is this real! Are you making fun of me for being fat?"

Iruki answered shortly.

"That's math."

Boyle and Dorothy turned their heads at the same time.

"No matter how trivial it is, the number clearly expresses it. If you tap the table, that much calories will be consumed. Even if it's a very small amount of heat, that much fat is lost."

Ruman, who couldn't refute the logic, quietly sat down, but his emotions were still upset.

'You're like a psychopath. You'll see one day....'

Then, when he heard a knock from the next seat and turned around, Dorothy was tapping the table with her index finger.

"You, what are you doing?"

"Diet."

As he watched the scene, Nade, who had come to Shirone's side without knowing it, whispered.

"They've been suspicious lately."

Shirone, who was surprised, confirmed that it was Nade and sighed with relief.

"Who's suspicious? Iruki and Dorothy?"

"Yeah. You felt it too, right? Dorothy has been showing interest in Iruki since some time ago. So let's interfere with you and me."

"What's the conclusion? Isn't it good?"

Nade frowned and said.

"I hate it."

"Why do you hate it?"

Nade, who hung his arm on Shirone's shoulder, said as if he was admonishing.

"Listen well. At our age, being with a woman means that we can do a lot of things. It's a perfect betrayal for us! I can't see that until I die."

Shirone, who had been looking pitifully, shook off Nade's arm and turned his body towards Iruki.

"Then you should die."

"Hee-hee!"

With Nade, who was following with a sad face, Shirone arrived at the table, and Amy pulled out a chair for him.

"Did you come?"

"Yeah. How was class today? It was a specialty test, right?"

"It wasn't particularly difficult. The real crisis is about 10 weeks left. Probably only Arin will receive a master's judgment."

"Oh, I see."

As Shirone and Amy chatted, Nade whispered in Iruki's ear.

"It seems to have been resolved well? I was worried because it was too cold when Shirone wasn't there."

"Emotions will compromise themselves. Don't worry about others and worry about yourself."
[Translated block]


"Wah! Everyone hates me!"

Just before Nade screamed, everyone suddenly shut their mouths, and his voice echoed clearly in the restaurant.

"Ugh!"

Nade's face turned red, but no one paid attention to him.

Everyone was looking at the entrance of the restaurant.

"Mayada."

After refusing the evaluation, she, who had not been seen in the restaurant since the first half, made her first appearance.
[Translated block]