


"So what do you want me to do?"

Fermi asked cautiously.

Miro leaned forward and whispered in his ear.

"I want you to help me steal something from heaven."
[Translated block]


"I'm glad to hear from you. Let's get started. How can I help you?"

Miro told Uorin what he had said to her, and also revealed the conclusion she had reached.

"Hmm, extraction of collateral."

As expected of a unique talent, Fermi understood right away.

He also sensed that it would be a huge deal, as big as Miro and Teraje's names.

"Well, this makes me a little more motivated."

It was fortunate that Fermi had some motivation.

What Miro wanted was not only Fermi's ability, but also the vast magical knowledge that the Arduino family possessed.

"Can you extract Sironne's magic?"

Instead of answering, Fermi raised his arm with a bracelet.

Irregularity-Depreciation Trade.

Various colors and patterns of chips fell down with a crisp sound under Fermi's palm.

When the chips were stacked like a tower, he flicked the top one into the air.

"Cool. What kind of magic is it?"

Fermi said as he caught the falling chip.

"Summoning magic Epoxy Tosca."

"Oh."

Miro caught the chip that Fermi threw.

It had a two-tone pattern of blotchy colors, and in the center of the decal part, there was an insect that resembled a spider.

"It's a large bug that lives in Tosca Lake. It attaches to the human spine and secretes a hallucinogen and sucks blood. In a hallucinatory state, you only tell the truth, and if you forcibly tear it off, it explodes with acid, so it disappears to the bone within 48 hours."

"It's perfect for crime."

"Of course. I bought it from a royal official. The magic I needed for business was premium and expensive."

"Can you extract any kind of magic?"

Miro threw the chip and Fermi caught it again.

"Basically, yes. Irregularities that steal or copy other people's magic have complex conditions or dangerous costs in the process of equivalent exchange. On the other hand, I don't care about conditions or costs."

"You use equivalent exchange itself as a tool."

Fermi smiled like an idiot.

"That's right. I'm just an intermediary who completes irregularities. When trading magic, the seller and buyer's intentions must always be reflected."

Since both sides had already agreed, there were no special conditions or costs for Fermi.

"The medium that balances both sides is money. I get it roughly. Then how do you determine the price?"

Fermi held out his left hand.

Irregularity-Depreciation Trade Contract.

A piece of paper was materialized and caught.

"The price is based on the broker's reasonable judgment according to the situation. Of course, perjury is impossible. If you set an unreasonable price..."

"The irregularity itself won't activate."

"That's right. The advantage of this magic is that there are no conditions that the broker has to meet. After all, it's up to the parties to decide. But there's also a problem here."

"You mean the problem of the traders?"

"Yes. For example, there are factors such as 'regret' or 'change of mind'. Permanently transferring someone else's magic requires more risk than its magical value."

"So you applied depreciation."

"The conclusion I came up with after much thought was that I had to create the possibility of 'contract termination'. If you can go back to before the contract, the customer's anxiety will weaken and the irregularity will become stronger."

Fermi put down the contract on the table.

"If the value of magic A is 100 gold for one month rent, then depreciation cost is applied according to the contract period. For example, if it's three months, then it's 60 gold in the second month and 30 gold in the third month. You can cancel or transfer it, and extend it as well."

Miro smiled at the corner of his mouth as he looked over the contract.

Using depreciation makes any deal possible within a reasonable range.

"Good. If that's how you determine the value, what's next?"

"I have to set the commission. I set the commission for all funds going back and forth between customers. From 1 percent to 99 percent."
[Translated block]
"Kuk kuk kuk."

Miro lowered his head and burst into laughter.

The value of magic cannot be perjured, but the commission can be eaten as much as Fermi wants.

Of course, it was a natural thing.

There is no one who makes such a regulation for the sake of others.

In addition, by arbitrarily setting the commission, he was able to induce a situation where he could manipulate both the seller and the buyer.

"I knew it. Honestly, I was going to think that the Arduino family would have been done if it wasn't for this. Well, shall we go in now? How much do you think the value of Valhalla Action is?"

Fermi rested his chin and fell into thought.

Perjury is impossible, and only the number that he believes to be true must be presented as the value.

He decided that there was no more calculation and slowly opened his mouth.

"100 billion gold."

Arius swallowed his saliva.

He remembered when he tried to sell Zion after digging up Ataraxia, he tried to hand it over with 4 billion gold plus the condition of standing on Teraze's line.

Of course, standing on Teraze's line was much more valuable than 4 billion gold, and there was a condition of 'depending on the situation' in the standard of Fermi's valuation, but even so, 100 billion gold was an amount he had never even thought of.

'Well, if that's what the expert thinks, then that's what it is.'

He thought he should never do business later, but Fermi's barrel was much bigger than that.

"We will base it on a 3-year contract. 100 billion gold per year, 60 billion gold in the second year, and 30 billion gold in the third year. If it is a transaction of about 200 billion gold, you should be able to extract Valhalla Action."

Miro didn't seem surprised.

It was easy enough to guess that Teraze, the buyer, would offer a blank check, and it wasn't his money anyway.

"Good. The commission is probably 99 percent, right?"

As if there was no need to ask, Fermi shrugged his shoulders.

"Then let's write a contract. Then, when the seller and buyer sign it, the deal is complete."

"I can go and get Teraze's signature, but Shirone is currently in a moratorium state and can't sign. It's not like you can just grab it and scribble it, right?"

"Of course not."

"Then how do you sign?"

Fermi blinked his eyes.

"Why are you asking me that? You have to figure it out yourself."

"Gold bronze."

Miro smiled with his eyes and said.

"Don't you think I came here because I couldn't find a magic extractor? How much is this deal worth? You have to take responsibility until the end. If you're called a genius in the broker world, you should be able to find a way in this situation."

Miro said with determination, but Fermi still looked indifferent.

"How do I know what you don't know?"

"No, you know."

"Why do you think so?"

"You explained the depreciation trade even after hearing that Shirone was in moratorium. That means there is a way."

"Don't overdo it. That kind of rhetoric doesn't put any pressure on merchants."

"Really? Then shall I tell you in the merchant's way?"

Miro leaned back on his chair and crossed his arms and legs.

"At first I wondered why you made this magic. If it's for money, isn't Arduino's financial power enough?"

"That's another guess."

"Keep listening. In the end, what you want is the highest grade magic. That is, to use magic with astronomical value. Then it becomes clear why you made this magic."

Fermi finally looked back at Miro.

"There's one thing missing from what you explained. The condition you have to accept in order to set your own commission."

Miro smiled like a winner and said.

"When a broker buys a chip for use, the funds must be paid with the commissions generated so far."

'This bastard...!'

A six-letter word came up in Fermi's head.
[Translated block]