


[466] Start of War (2)

There was silence for a while.

They knew that if they failed here, they would eventually lose.

Would it work?

It was a gamble.

The problem was that they were in a space created by an irregularity.

How big was the gap between the Orca in front of them and the real fairy Orca?

If the shock was even slightly indirect, the operation would fail.

'It's an incredibly complex and delicate irregularity.'

They had implemented a whole building and installed countless irregularities in each room.

Was it possible?

No human could distort so many things.

If possible...

'The flow of consciousness.'

Shirone recalled the experience of going through Dremo.

Only the space where they were standing was materialized, and the other rooms existed only as nothingness.

When you think of your house in your head, you don't look at the whole thing, but think as if you're actually moving.

If it was like that, it was possible to contain another irregularity within an irregularity.

'But that's not easy either...'

Therefore, Orca's consciousness was focused on this room.

This was Shirone's assumption.

Shirone organized her thoughts and suggested to Orca.

"Don't look away from me for a minute."

It was a strange suggestion.

But Orca had no right to change the other's proposal.

"Okay. Let's do that."

Shirone stared at Orca.

The next turn was Orca's turn.

That's where the game would be decided.

'Valhalla Action.'

In a situation where they were caught in an irregularity, actions other than the rule would probably be prohibited.

But Valhalla Action might be possible.

It accepted the cause of being prohibited from acting as well as the result of equivalent exchange and converted it into a result.

Therefore, the important thing was calculation time.

Shirone suggested a minute to buy some extra time, even in a situation where Ataraxia's accumulation time fell within 30 seconds.

As Shirone performed the proposal, Orca looked at Shirone this time.

Looking meant that Orca's mind was fully focused on Shirone.

Chang!

The magic circle of Valhalla Action was born above her head. The calculation was instantaneous.

'It works!'

Exactly 57 seconds.

The time it took to reach the result of Ataraxia accumulating while being mirrored.

Before Orca could say something in surprise, the cause and effect reversed and a colorful Ataraxia appeared in front of her eyes.

"Kyaahhh!"

Even Shechem's fairy chief couldn't stand in front of the magic circle of an archangel, let alone Ikael, who had the highest authority in heaven.

No, rather, because she was such a powerful fairy, the shock was greater.

Cracks appeared in Orca's body and light leaked out.

The light grew in volume and swallowed her up, oxidizing violently.

Woong!

As Paradise collapsed, the original scenery was revealed.

It was still Paradise, but all the plaster on the walls had broken and fallen to the floor.

There were various complex patterns painted in red on the plaster fragments.

'They designed the space and controlled it with their minds.'

Plu felt relieved rather than surprised.

If a fairy could create a building with their mind to that extent, there would be no chance for humans in this war.

"Kruk!"

Orca lay on the ground with a weak and small body, moaning in pain.

The sudden Ataraxia attack was a shock equivalent to being stabbed with a knife for a fairy who specialized in mental power.

"Chief! Are you okay?"

Many fairies who assisted Orca clung to her and shouted with worried expressions.

And they turned their heads again and glared at Shirone's party with hateful eyes.
[Translated block]


```text
"It's a rebel spy! Kill him
[Translated block]


"Chase them! Don't let them get away!"

The Kergo tribe that survived the explosion flew their bodies quickly.

A chase that lasted for 30 minutes.

Skima's athletic ability shone in the urban warfare, and Siro and Flu managed to shake off their pursuers by setting their routes as complex as possible.

"Haa! Haa!"

The two leaned their backs against the wall and breathed heavily.

Arman increased the oxygen saturation and stabilized their breathing in an instant, and in the meantime, his broken index finger had healed.

'No matter what, it's amazing to heal a fracture in a few hours.'

It was thanks to the addition of Kenzer's infinite cell proliferation trait.

"What do we do now?"

"We have to go, to Arabot."

"But we don't know where we are. We lost our direction. And..."

The enemies already knew that Siro had infiltrated.

The difficulty of the mission was right to see that it had soared tens of times more than at first.

"Let's get some clothes first."

They had been badly beaten by Orga's irregular appearance, but it was impossible to walk around the streets in such a mess.

"I found you, Siro."

Siro and Flu's faces turned pale at the voice from the sky.

At the same time as the voice reached them, an object entered their spirit zone radius.

A small creature. It was a fairy.

'I have to kill it!'

Flu turned his body, and Siro swung his tentacles faster than him.

The fairy flinched at the sudden attack.

Siro was able to stop his tentacles because Arman had raised his dynamic vision to the extreme.

The sharp needle of the tentacle stopped right in front of the fairy's eyes.

Siro took off his hood with a blank expression as he saw the fairy trembling with his eyes closed.

"You, you...?"

The spiral fairy who helped Siro until the end of the last heaven trip, Peope opened her eyes slightly.

"Eek!"

Peope stepped back in surprise at the needle in front of her eyes.

Then she shouted at Siro with a red face.

"What are you doing! Are you trying to kill me!"

Siro hastily pulled back his tentacles.

Peope! More than anything else, he was glad to see her face.

Because it was a battlefield, because he was lonely, tears welled up in his eyes when he saw Peope's face.

As Siro approached him as if to hug him, Peope pushed him away with his hand and pretended to be coy.

"What, what? Why are you doing this all of a sudden?"

"What happened? How did you know I was here? No, is this okay?"

The cold reason of the magician clearly assumed that Peope could be an enemy.

But Siro put aside that cold thought for now.

If the assumption was true, he wouldn't be able to bear any sacrifice anyway.

Peope looked at Siro with a gentle gaze and smiled softly.

"I'm glad you're here, Siro. I missed you."

Peope grabbed Siro's cheek and kissed him on the forehead.

When he felt the warmth of her lips, Siro's head was filled with her voice that he had heard before.

I love you.

Even if it was an immature confession of a fairy who had not yet conceptually differentiated, her sincerity was clearly conveyed.

'Peope. It's Peope.'

Siro raised both hands and lifted Peope onto his palm.

Even if everyone tried to harm him, she was not. It was not a realm of reason but a realm of faith.

"Peope."

"Hmm?"

"I have to fight against heaven."

Peope blinked and waited for the next words.

"Can you take me, no, us to Arabot?"

He didn't say anything else.

Whatever conversation they had, the question they would eventually reach was this one, and he knew that the answer he had to hear would soon come from Peope.
[Translated block]


```
Peope was lost in thought for a long time, but never avoided the gaze that Shirone sent.

Her eyes were filled with sadness as if she had resigned herself to something, and on the other hand, her lips slightly rose as if a new excitement had crept in.

With that face, Peope nodded at Shirone.

"Okay. I'll take you."
```
[Translated block]