
[541] Forbidden Sanctuary (1)

Miro washed his body with the water pouring from the shower and closed his eyes, lost in thought.

'It's getting more and more troublesome.'

Malta was dead and his wife was erased by Fermi's experiment.

Lian thought it was murder too, but the reason he kept his mouth shut was not only because of Sirona.

Open state.

Everything except Abyss Walker was a lie, and from the beginning, life was nothing but an information entity.

'Sirona is the same.'

If he encounters her, he will regain some of his memory based on the Malta couple's case, but in the end it was just a distorted memory.

"Miro-nim."

When Miro opened his eyes at the voice coming from the bathroom, Arius appeared like a mirage and bowed.

"Did you finally come in?"

"I'm only delivering information through code. But this won't last long either."

It meant he didn't have much time.

"Okay, tell me."

"Sirona is currently located in the northwest clan of the city. But I couldn't get any more information because of the firewall. It seems that there is a coder ability user over there."

"A mutant that Malta mentioned?"

"Maybe."

"How is Sirona's condition?"

"The flow of information is smooth. But if we base it on the mission... it's not good."

It was as Fermi expected.

"I see."

"Search around the clan. Then you'll be able to find Sirona."

"Clan. I'll have to communicate with them. Their language, can you code it?"

"I can. Because I just need to inject my information. But I won't be able to come back here again."

"I don't care. Code it for my companions too."

Arius bowed his head.

"......Be careful. Two new pieces of information were added to Apocalypse a while ago. They are not perfect incarnations, minority concepts."

"Abyss Walker-nim. But what do you mean by be careful?"

"I couldn't figure out their exact identity, but when I first encountered their code, I..."

Arius raised his head and said.

"I thought Miro-nim had two more people."

Miro's hand washing his body stopped abruptly.

"They are that strong incarnations. They are split into two now, but if you meet them, even Miro-nim will be uncomfortable..."

Miro was not displeased.

"The Tenro Association. But why are they here?"

There was only one answer.

'He's thinking the same thing as Uorin.'

Miro turned off the shower and turned around.

"I got it. I'll take care of it from now on, so code it."

"Please preserve your body."

Arius' illusion disappeared as it turned into a code mixed with symbols and numbers.

* * *

The rain that had fallen all night stopped and a clear sun rose in the sky of Apocalypse for a long time.

Early in the morning, Sirona and Yo decided to explore deeper into the city than yesterday, taking advantage of the clear weather.

"The rain has stopped."

Sirona said, looking at Yo with a pleasant smile.

"But we can't survive without water."

"It's okay. We have enough water to last a month. I love the sun so much."

Yo's face flushed.

"And... I like your light too, Judge-nim."

Sirona cast Shining magic above her head.

It was a strategy to cast it because it rained yesterday, but this time it was just a joke.

"Ahh! I love it!"

"Yo is greedy."

Yo understood the ancient joke.

"Haha! That's right. Actually..."

As soon as Yo saw Sirona's cold eyes, he stopped talking and tensed up around him.

'It's an ambush.'

At the same time as Yo activated Eun-gyeong to block Sirona's front, bullets poured out from all sides.

Between the metal-like arms that sparked, underground people appeared.

"We're going to eat! We're going to eat!"

There were more than 40 people by rough count.

"It's a combat unit! Hide behind me!"

```
[541] Forbidden Sanctuary (1)

Miro washed his body with the water pouring from the shower and closed his eyes, lost in thought.

'It's getting more and more troublesome.'

Malta was dead and his wife was erased by Fermi's experiment.

Lian thought it was murder too, but the reason he kept his mouth shut was not only because of Sirona.

Open state.

Everything except Abyss Walker was a lie, and from the beginning, life was nothing but an information entity.

'Sirona is the same.'

If he encounters her
[Translated block]
Wow, that's amazing. How did you learn to do that?
[Translated block]


"There they are!"

As the underground people chased them from across the block, Shirone pulled Yo and cast a light spell.

"Let's go!"

The curtain of light flickered and the entrance opened wide.

"Don't let them get away! Shoot! Shoot!"

Shirone and Yo entered the door without looking back, and a jeep stopped in front of the building.

"Why did they go into the forbidden sanctuary? Cowardly bastards."

"Master, what do we do?"

Two adults were enough to feed a combat unit.

But even the master who jumped off the roof of the building didn't want to go in here.

"We have no choice. We give up. Let's look for other prey."

The engine roared away, and Mucus's slime fell on the tombstone next to the entrance.

Fairy Biomimetics Research Institute

* * *

Kwaaaaang.

Miro's party stopped and looked back at the explosion sound from the other side of the city.

"What is it? A battle?"

Then the sound of gunfire came in.

"Let's go. It seems quite fierce."

They couldn't just pass by knowing that Shirone was in the flock.

They jumped across the distance at once with Miro's space movement and ran after the direction of the gunfire.

"It's annoying."

Permi cast an air skate magic and slid quickly above the ground with his feet lifted.

"You have all kinds of magic."

Marsha snorted and Permi twisted his body and took a stance with his legs spread.

"It's not as good as flying magic, but it's cost-effective among movement magic. The movement is also free."

Permi stepped on the run step and looked back at the party.

"Anyway, I put all my money into this operation."

It was a mission that would bring in 190 billion gold if successful.

Lian said.

"It keeps getting farther away, right? It seems like a chase."

Marsha, who was annoyed by Boa, asked Permi.

"Hey, how much is that? Is it transferable?"

"2 million gold. Do you want to buy it?"

"Shut up."

Marsha thought she had to run hard with her feet.

* * *

"It's strange. Really strange."

Shirone looked around the building lobby.

It was a place that used to be common, and there was nothing special except for the mucus stuck to the wall.

"Of course it's strange. No one comes in here."

"No, not that, I feel like I've been here before."

Some memory came into Shirone's head.

A white office with an oak table. A man with intellectual glasses handed him a sheet of paper and said.

-Congratulations, Mr. Shirone. You have been selected as an artificial hibernation candidate. Please sign here.

-No. I can't leave my precious people here and survive alone.

-You don't understand the situation. It's not a matter of personal survival. You're going in as a representative of humanity.

-But how...

-Don't be rude. I'm also staying here with you, handing you this contract. This is the end of my life.

"...Did I really become alone?"

Yo couldn't understand Shirone's feelings, but it was enough that he was sad.

"Don't worry. We're here."

Shirone walked away from the wall and looked at the stairs leading up.

'Surely at the top of this building...'

He thought that office was there.

But now it was completely blocked by mucus and turned into a colorful wall.

"Do you think they've gone back by now? They won't wait long for hunting."

Ignoring Yo's anxious voice, Shirone tried to remember again.

-Go underground. We don't have time.

-I'm sorry, I only thought about myself.

-...I hope you make a good world.

'Underground. There's something underground.'

Shirone ran to the elevator and told Yo.
[Translated block]


```text
"Can you open this door?"

"Huh? Oh, yes."

Yo made his arms into metal and inserted them into the elevator door gap and opened them with all his might.

"Huuuup!"

The door opened and a vertical elevator shaft appeared.

"I did it. I can go underground."

"Are you going underground?"

"It's okay if you don't follow me if you're nervous."

Yo's expression changed immediately.

"No. I have a duty to protect the housekeeper."

"It'll be okay."

Shirone threw shining magic into the shaft and grabbed the elevator line and went down, and Yo followed him.

"......"

A minute later, a human face bulged out of the mucous that eroded the ceiling of the lobby.
```
[Translated block]