


```text
3. The Forest of the Fallen (5)

Tes's battle was nearing its end.

The saber that lost its weight could not break the carapace of the horned beast, but it was optimized for finding gaps.

Tes, who lowered the mobility of the horned beast by stabbing between the carapaces, stabbed his saber into his one eye as a finishing blow. And he twisted the saber and made the horned beast fall to his feet.

Amy set up a fire wall around them as the battle seemed to drag on.

They were mindless beasts, so it would have been the best result if they ran away, but one of them broke through the barrier of fire and came in.

Harvest, who inflated his body, grabbed the body of the horned beast and broke his spine.

Arin was relieved to see that mind control worked. He cast mind control on four horned beasts, and two of them shivered.

The two horned beasts under mind control turned their bodies and started stabbing their allies.

There was no need for the party to fight as the monsters fought each other.

Lian and Tes, who cut off the breath of the horned beasts, gathered their weapons and returned to Sirona.

When Amy lifted the fire wall, they saw the bloodbath of the horned beasts. They used their horns, legs, and mouths to stab, knock down, and trample each other.

Since the numbers were equal on both sides, Arin's skill in controlling the horned beasts was the key. At first, he was not used to the unfamiliar creatures, but he soon grasped their characteristics and tried to use their long horns to isolate and destroy them.

The party shuddered as they watched the tragedy of fratricide.

Especially for Kanya and Lena, it was a shocking thing. A being that follows the law breaks the law and kills its own kind. Today was a day when many things happened in the forest of the fallen.

Arin, who won the battle, took a deep breath.

Mind control itself consumed mental power continuously, and when he made them fight, he also felt their willpower. So he was mentally exhausted.

The horned beast under Arin's control looked at Sirona's side. Kanya and Lena hurriedly backed away, but they just assumed a submissive posture.

Arin wondered how to deal with the remaining horned beasts.

The tremendous success rate of mind control through mind reading was Arin's strength, but it also became a weakness on the other hand. A high emotional empathy rate means that he accepts the other person's feelings more clearly.

It was a pain that could be called fate for all mental magicians who deal with all minds in the world.

Arin hesitated again. No matter how much they were monsters, it was painful to cruelly cut off the lives of those who fought for him.

Tes, who claimed to be second in having a tender heart, spoke for Arin's feelings.

"Can't you just take them with you? Even if there are only two of them, they seem very reliable."

"No. I can't waste my mental power on these monsters. Now that you know that mind reading works, you should focus on that side. You also have to keep your mental channel open."

"Hmm, what about letting them go?"

"They'll come back to attack again. The worst case is bringing another pack."

"I see. Then I guess we have no choice but to kill them. Can't we just make them fight each other and kill them?"

At Tes's words, who claimed to be second in having a tender heart, Arin bit his lips.

It was a different situation from controlling a horned beast to kill another horned beast. He felt more conflicted because of the high empathy rate and the feeling of allies who fought together.

Lian grabbed the handle of his greatsword and said.

"Then I'll kill them. Just hold them still."

Kanis shook his head.

"No, this is something Arin has to do. If you want to reach a high level as a mental magician, you can't be weak forever."

There is a limit to showing off with mind reading ability. To reach his goal, he shouldn't have any problem with this kind of situation.

Kanis hoped that Arin would stay by his side for a long time.

"Arin, you promised when you were dragged to the Magic Association. The master is no longer in this world. We have to get stronger. This is not a place where you can afford to show mercy."
```

What do you think of this story? Do you like fantasy novels?
[Translated block]


Arin closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Canis was right. Would she depend on her super-sense or control it? It was a hard question, but one that she had to overcome at some point.

Arin made the horned rats walk to the edge of the forest. Then she made them pierce each other's eyes with their horns.

Two horned rats collapsed facing each other.

They were still breathing, but there was no other way to
[Translated block]


"So let's solve it with dialogue. If we can communicate, we can find a peaceful way rather than using that strange weapon."

"Peace? You talk about peace in the forest of the vulgar. You guys are really suspicious."

"Forest of the vulgar?"

"I guess that's the name of this forest."

Silence flowed after Arin's explanation.

The confrontation lasted for a while.

It was no problem for Shirone to suppress her if she wanted to, but she hated fighting.

She's human. She can communicate. She could have gotten a detailed explanation of this world if she had let go of her hostility.

At that moment, Lena looked up at the sky.

The drone that was patrolling around projected the scene happening in an area 500 meters away onto her retina. More than twenty venomous ears were flocking.

"Sister, we're in trouble. It's venomous ears."

Kanya came to her senses then. Staying in the forest for a long time was nothing but suicide when the law of the forest was broken.

The strangers of unknown origin didn't seem to want to fight either. It was hard to tell, but if they had the skills to beat the venomous ears, they could have easily suppressed her.

"Follow me for now. Let's talk after we get out of here."

Kanya turned her gauntlet on her arm into a beetle shape and flew it into the sky. She determined the direction and entered the forest.

Shirone's party followed her without a sound. Amy said it was away from the city.

4. Reversal of Law (1)

Kanya entered a valley where jungle and rocky terrain were mixed.

The surroundings were blocked by cliffs and only the sky could be seen. Shirone, who was passing through the bottom of the V-shaped valley, could guess how long this world had existed.

She talked with Kanya's party as she walked.

Kanya still couldn't trust them, but she seemed to accept that they didn't want to fight.

"This place is the valley of the vortex snake. The law is different here, so there won't be any danger."

"The most dangerous thing is Shirone getting hit by that strange weapon."

Lian joked and Kanya's eyes narrowed. She seemed to care about what happened in the forest, but if she had to pick who was more angry, it would have been herself.

She guessed that Shirone was the leader and asked him with a stick.

"What are you guys really? Does it make sense that you came from another world?"

"But it's true. Whether you believe it or not, that's all I can say. This time you explain it. What kind of place is this world? The giant you just knocked down too."

"Giant? Did you just say giant?"

"Yeah, giant."

"So you killed a giant!"

"No, I didn't kill him. What happened was..."

Before Shirone finished his sentence, Kanya grabbed his collar and shouted.

"How can you kill a giant, you idiot! The giant is one who keeps the law! It was you guys after all. You killed the giant and made the venomous ears angry!"

Amy shook off Kanya's hand. She had been holding back her temper to get information, but she couldn't tolerate her friend being treated rudely.

"He said he didn't kill him! And the giant attacked first!"

"Of course! Because we broke the law! The forest of the vulgar is a place where humans shouldn't enter!"

Shirone intervened between the two women who were growling.

"Even if you say that, we don't know what you're talking about. You get it? We really came from somewhere else."

Kanya was stunned. None of what Shirone said convinced her, but that made her realize that it had to be true.

"You guys... are you really from somewhere else?"

"We've been saying that. Yes?"

"No, I don't mean that, um..."

Kanya's expression changed seriously.

She had only heard it as a story when she was young, but there was definitely a land of nations under heaven's rule.

They are descendants of Shinmin, but they are pitiful people who cannot feel God's existence. That's why they don't enjoy eternal life and suffer from mortal pain until their lives run out.
[Translated block]