


[243] 6. Magic Clash (3)

"I won't let you get away with this!"

Sabina charged forward without even having time to cast Haste. She figured that her opponent wouldn't be able to cast Plasma either.

At that moment, Nate uttered a shocking word.

"I lost."

Sabina hastily stopped her charge, which was aimed at Nate's throat.

She wanted to finish him off with her own hands, but it would be a disqualification if she attacked after he surrendered.

Now that it came to this, she didn't feel like she had won, and she felt strangely uneasy. But she thought that it was enough that Nate had used up all his strength in the last collision.

"Hmph, you got lucky. Kneel down and admit your defeat properly."

Nate kept his promise right away. He was already on his knees, so he only had to move his mouth.

"Fine. I lost."

Sabina's face twisted. The reason she made this rule was to enjoy the miserable sight of someone drowning in the sense of defeat. But she didn't feel any bitter emotion from Nate.

"Are you really a man? You lost to a girl and you kneel so obediently?"

"I lost, so I admit it. And honestly, it's really embarrassing, okay? Can you stop now?"

Nate lowered his head like a truly defeated person and went back to his friends. She would have felt less bad if he had laughed as if he denied the outcome.

Sade watched Nate walk away and lost his appetite.

'You should have tried a little more. Sabina was almost at her limit too. But you did well, Nate.'

The duel ended faster than expected. It was common for students of Class Po to have a magic that had strong destructive power.

In real situations, they didn't have many chances to cast them, but this duel matched well in terms of compatibility and level, so they were able to end it cleanly with a clash of power.

Nate arrived at his friends and closed his eyes tightly with an uncontrollable guilt.

"Shirone, Eruki! I'm sorry! I lost! Really, I'm sorry!"

"What are you talking about? We're fighting as a team. I can't guarantee that I'll win either. It's okay, you did your best."

Eruki comforted him with a word.

"You did well for yourself. You've improved compared to before."

He honestly didn't expect Nate to do this much. When he fought against Lucas of the Parrot Thieves, he gave up completely, but lately he seemed to have some control over himself.

"I'll go back to the dorm and rest first. Is that okay?"

"Yeah. You must be tired. Go ahead."

Shirone couldn't stop him from doing that either.

So Nate left the training ground among the crowd of students. But he didn't go to the dorm, but to a secluded park. As soon as he confirmed that no one was there, his true feelings burst out.

"Ugh! Damn it! You idiot!"

He wanted to be Shirone's strength. But Sabina was really strong, and if the duel had continued, the price he would have had to pay would have been beyond imagination.

He still needed the fence of the school.

"Hohoho! You were here? You act cool, but you're so embarrassed that you want to die, right?"

Nate sighed involuntarily. When he turned around, Sabina had followed him and was standing there.

"Do you still have something for me? The duel is over."

"No, I think I have something left. Honestly, I'm annoyed. I don't know why, but I feel like you're not accepting your defeat properly."

"I knelt down as far as I could. What more do you want me to do?"

"I don't know about that. Do you want to kneel down again here?"

Nate didn't have the patience to put up with Sabina's nonsense. He only felt sorry for Shirone, and he felt pathetic for not being able to help his friend.

"Just think whatever you want. I don't care if you spread rumors that you're stronger than me. Just leave me alone. I'm going."

As Nate turned his body toward the dormitory, Sabina said.

"When I looked into it, the West family is pretty famous, huh?"
[Translated block]


Nade's footsteps came to a halt.

"That's the worst of the worst. It looks like the groom is a jobless gambler and the bride is an outcast in the social circle? They have nothing but rumors of living in luxury......!"

A thunderous sound was heard.

Sabina, who suddenly had her throat blocked, saw the world spinning. When she came to her senses, she was stuck in a pile of wood in the deep forest.

Nade, who grabbed Sabina's neck, pushed his face closer.

"Say that again."

"Cough! Cough!"

Sabina, who saw Nade's face in her eyes, was terrified. It was not a human expression. It was not a villain, a psychopathic killer, but just a monster.

'I'm going to die here......'

It was not a guess but a certainty. If she had been caught by a murderer, it might have been different, but there was no stupid human who expected mercy in a situation where she was bitten by a beast.

"Do you want to live?"

Sabina nodded her head desperately. As her consciousness faded, she wet herself without knowing it.

"Do you want me to break your neck? Or do you want me to dry your blood?"

Sabina didn't know what he was talking about. Her head and body seemed to be disconnected and her legs moved on their own.

"Huuuung! Huung!"

Nade twisted his face and gathered electricity in his hand. He was going to evaporate her blood like this.

At the moment when the electricity was concentrated in his palm, a person's face came to his mind. Her voice gently soothed Nade's beast.

'Nade, isn't one mistake enough?'

Nade's eyes were bloodshot as if they were about to shed blood tears. But gradually, humanity returned to his pupils and he let go of Sabina's neck and slowly backed away.

"Cough! Cough!"

Sabina collapsed and spat out rough breaths. She still didn't know what was going on, but her lungs sucked in oxygen like crazy.

"You won and I lost. That's all that happened today. Got it?"

Sabina nodded her head. She was determined to nod her head no matter what order came out of Nade's mouth.

But Nade seemed satisfied with that and left the forest. He stopped just before leaving the entrance. He slowly turned his head and looked around the maple tree.

'Heek! What do I do? Did he find out?'

Pandora, who was hiding behind the tree, felt her heart pounding. She tried to get revenge on Sabina, but she accidentally saw something she shouldn't have seen.

Nade's voice was heard.

"Pandora, I've taken revenge for you, so go back."

Mentioning her name was a warning not to make a big deal out of the situation. Pandora couldn't see him because of the tree, but she covered her mouth and nodded her head.

Nade left the park with a miserable feeling. This is how it ends up. He wished it would rain coolly, but the sky was just gloomy like his heart.

"Iruki, I will never be a magician."

@

The weekend for the second duel came back.&nbsp;

The duel between Nade and Sabina was popular and more people came than last week. Especially since Iruki would lose if he lost, there were many expectations that it would be a more fierce battle than last week.

That's why even the teachers who were not interested in the kids' fight were awkwardly smiling and fidgeting their seats.

While Etela, who was in charge of the referee, checked the items, Shirone and Dante's group waited on the side.

Sabina's expression was not good. The trauma of being lynched in the forest still hadn't faded. No, it got worse and worse these days and she suffered from nightmares every night.

As the start time approached, Closer warmed up his body. He relaxed his muscles with high-difficulty stretching that was not suitable for a magician and looked at Dante while jumping on the spot.

"I'll finish it. You don't have to go out, do you?"

It was a rule that ended with two wins first in team battles. But Dante knew that such a thing would not happen as long as Olivia was in charge.

"But the duel won't be canceled."
[Translated block]


"What? Why?"

"Because the master wants to trample on Shirone. He has already applied for a special agent to the Teachers' Association. The school side also wouldn't want this event to be cancelled."

"I see. So even if I win, you and Shirone will fight?"

"But the situation will be different. If we get two wins, we can make Shirone more miserable. That might be the best."

"Hehehe. Fine, I'll give you the best situation."

As Ethella ordered them to come to the center, Iruki and Closer moved their steps. After the rules explanation was over, Closer looked down at Iruki with his tall height and said.

"You must feel a stingy feeling in your nose when anti-magic comes in. But it's not just anti-magic when you fight with me. Have you ever broken your nose? By getting punched."

Iruki didn't answer.

"It hurts a lot. It hurts so much that tears pour out. From now on, I'll crush your nose like an orc. Even if you scream for me to stop, I'll keep hitting you. Is that okay?"

Closer's mouth curled up wickedly.

"Why are you silent? Are you scared? But there's nothing you can do. The match has started and you're going to get beaten up terribly. In 10 minutes, you'll be screaming with blood from your nose. Your teeth will break a few too. Your ugly face will get uglier."

Ethella intervened.

"Please refrain from trivial talk before the duel. Both of you go to your designated positions."

Closer, who showed his big fist to Iruki, went back to his place and made a strategy based on the information he had learned before the duel.

Iruki's specialty was the fast targeting and arrival speed of the escape type and the fire point explosion that had no existence time. Above all, he was a servant ability user who was strong in numerical formulas, so preemptive attacks were impossible.

Closer decided on his initial response at a distance of 60 meters from Iruki, fiddling with his fingers. His specialty was also defense rather than attack, so there would be no problem if he proceeded according to the standard.

"Match start!"

As soon as Ethella's signal fell, multiple explosions occurred around Closer. Surprise filled Closer's eyes, who covered his face with both arms. An explosion at the same time as the start. The escape type shrinks in size as the distance increases. But he flew 60 meters without taking a step, which was a top-notch numerical formula.

Shirone smiled bitterly. He had already felt it in the speed gun test, but the power of numerical formulas using logs was great.

In fact, Iruki's speed gun score was the highest in the history of magic school except for Shirone who opened immortal function.

The students were stunned by the sight of Closer's giant being buried in flames. Even if the sync rate was 50 percent, it could be dangerous if hit repeatedly.

Finally, when the explosion subsided, Closer's figure appeared. As the earth that protected his body fell off, his face appeared with a relaxed smile.

"Hehe, is this it? It tickles like a mosquito bite."

He strengthened his body with passive skill Earth Rise and protected his body with earth barrier Earth Skin. He didn't even feel a shock from a normal explosion.

Closer narrowed the distance with teleportation and pushed the duel to close combat opposite to Iruki.

"Rock and roll!"

As Closer swung his hand like scooping up dirt, the ground shook and then the ground rolled up.

A rock that grew up to 3 meters in diameter crushed and passed by where Iruki was standing.

Iruki escaped with teleportation. But as soon as his feet touched the ground, the ground collapsed as if he had set a trap.

"Hehehe! This is it!"

Closer blocked Iruki's movement with Earthquake, the symbol of earth magic, and linked it with eruption magic. An explosion occurred due to frictional heat generated by compressing the earth. From the pit where Iruki fell, about 5 tons of soil spewed out.

Iruki flew up covering his face with both arms. In his head, explosive equations were quickly unfolding.

---------------------------------------
[Translated block]