


[492] New variable (5)

Boom! Boom!

The giant guards who reached the sixth stage of the liquor of the sun in Matei's castle began to move.

Their heads, close to 80 meters tall, touched the sky, and in their view, humans and machines looked like worms.

As the giant feet slammed the ground, countless rebels and Gurois were flattened at the same time.

The only ones who could see the faces of the giants were the pilots who boarded the Titan, a third-stage system of Mecca.

Crud swallowed his saliva as he saw 20 giants pushing through the rebels like sand grains.

The giant of giants that he couldn't even glimpse when he was a new citizen.

When their appearance came into his eyes, he realized.

It was a war that couldn't be won from the start.

"Don't make me laugh!"

Crud denied the fear that rose in his heart and pushed Titan forward.

The huge giants used the power of Schema to jump towards Titan as if they were small humans.

Kwaaaaaaang!

As the giant's fist hit Titan's machine, the drive joints at the waist twisted and swayed.

"Keeeeeuk!"

He regained his balance momentarily, but stepped back a few steps and crushed his allies.

Crud didn't even notice their deaths.

In the midst of a melee between giant creatures and machines, dying was the same for rebels, giants, or Gurois.

"Damn it!"

Crud used the machine's recoil to hit the giant with a powerful attack.

Titan's output was beyond imagination, but the Schema of the sixth-stage giants also had layers of layers that produced impossible power as living beings.

Graaaaaang!

A thermal flash gun fired from close range grazed the giant's shoulder and passed by.

The flesh on the shoulder disappeared bluntly, and the giant screamed as if the world was gone, but the wound was quickly restored.

The process of thick nerves and muscles rising like vines and intertwining resembled the birth of nature.

Angry giants rushed in and beat Titan, and the rebels on the ground felt like thunder was exploding in the clear sky.

Titan's machine parts exploded and tons of debris fell and hit Gurois and giants.

Peeeeeeer!

Finally, as the engine exploded and paralyzed the control system, Titan slowly collapsed sideways.

"Hoo! Hoo! Hoo!"

Crud felt himself bouncing dozens of meters below and timed it.

And just before hitting the ground, he pressed the emergency escape button.

As the cockpit opened, a Guroi popped up with a thud and then fell vertically.

Crud lost consciousness for a moment and came to his senses.

The second-stage system Guroi also crashed and became inoperable.

He sat in the cockpit and looked up at the sky.

It was just a sky that shone through vision, but the sun rising towards noon was terribly bright.

Under that sun, endless giants were destroying another Titan.

"This place... is hell."

The giant's foot fell from tens of meters high below.

It wasn't aimed at Crud, but it was obvious what would happen if he lay down like this.

He pressed the emergency escape button again and jumped out of Guroi with Piper's power, a first-stage system of Mecca.

There was no turning back from here.

All that was left for the rebels was to advance and advance.

"I'm going all the way."

Arabot where Anke Raga is waiting.

He finished his determination and lifted his head, when Crud's eyes widened in horror.

"What... is that...?"

An enormous ominous energy was swaying from Arabot beyond the giant's castle.

As if Arabot itself was burning in black flames, a strange wind sound that seemed to call death was heard.

Hwoooooooooooooo!

Crud's face turned sour.
[Translated block]
Only death.

He felt his will, which was as hard as steel, melt like molten iron in the face of the powerful energy that made him certain he would die as soon as he entered the Aravot.

What on earth is in there?

The fleeting question vanished in an instant in front of the fear of annihilation.

'We have to retreat. We all have to run away. That's the only way we can live.'

Crud, who reached for his personal communication device, decided to admit defeat in the war.

"All troops...!"

Once he uttered it, he could never take it back.

Even if he could change his mind, his will, which collapsed as soon as he admitted defeat, would never be able to stand up again.

'There's no way we can win!'

Crud took a deep breath and was about to give orders to the entire rebel army, when he saw a woman.

Flu broke through the giants' offensive, stared straight at the terrifying flames of Aravot, and ran towards it.

Did she finally come this far?

"It was a war we couldn't win from the start."

But why is she going to the center of annihilation, where only death awaits her?

"Damn it! I won't be swayed by you!"

Crud, who opened his eyes wide and stood up, set the function of his piper to the maximum and stomped on the ground.

* * *

Zebul underground 11th floor.

In Zebul's underground, there was a total weapon made by the intelligence of countless angels.

Zion, the arsenal of heaven.

Everything produced in heaven came from here, and Cariel's Grand Law Book and Uriel's Paradise Spear were no exception.

Underneath the endless steel bridge, countless machines that could not even guess their functions were spinning with sparks and clanging noises.

"The road is complicated."

Zulu looked at the steel bridge that was tangled like a maze from afar and found a way down to the underground.

On her shoulder was a small black bird with a wide beak.

It was Erga, a 10-tier monster that she had successfully summoned for the first time when she was three years old.

It had no special ability other than imitating human speech, but when she walked alone on a dark road like this, she always kept Erga by her side.

"Click. Click. Click. Click."

Erga jumped off Zulu's shoulder and passed under the steel bridge, making a sound like sucking on a nipple.

"That's right, there."

Zulu chose the third bridge from the six-way bridge.

There was a staircase going down behind the railing.

-Why are you trying to go alone?

When Zulu said she would find the meta gate by herself, Sein couldn't understand her judgment.

Etela had to meet Frank Wine, so they had to separate, but Inglis and Zion were both in Zebul.

Then it would be better to join Armin's party and move together, but Zulu wanted to go alone.

-It's better for me that way.

Sein didn't object any more after chewing on Zulu's words, and that's how she was able to find the meta gate production plant at the south end of Zion.

There were countless meta gates roaming around on trailers connected like belts.

A place where no human could easily enter unless it was a special situation like war.

The sight of so many meta gates coming out of the land of earth would make anyone greedy, but Zulu's eyes were just as calm as before.

"You've caused all kinds of trouble and now you're trying to get out?"

Zulu stopped reaching for the meta gate at the sound of a woman's voice from across the trailer and turned her head.

It was a female figure with four arms and black skin, and even her pupils were sucking in light in her snake-like slit eyes, giving her the impression of a shadow standing from afar.

Zulu checked the number of red triangles floating above the woman's head.

Three-sided Mara Kali.

She was a direct subordinate of Piel, the Archangel of Annihilation.
[Translated block]


'Be strong.'

Julu looked down coldly.

She had personally experienced the powerlessness of the three corners in heaven, but the Mara in front of her was emitting a different dimension of alien energy from other Maras, regardless of power.

"There is a time to come and a time to go. It's just for following the law. Don't interfere."

It wasn't a slightly ridiculous continental language, nor a voice that made people feel comfortable.

"Interfere?"

When Kali spread her four arms and opened her palms wide, a sword and shield, a whip and a skull were held in each hand.

"There is no creature that can resist the god of death."

As Kali's sword drew, a black line cut through the space and rushed towards Julu.

Julu, who avoided it by teleporting, destroyed Erga and summoned a 3-tier monster cougar.

Kraaaang!

The huge beast approached Kali as if to bite her right away and swung its sharp claws.

Kwaaaang!

As Kali's shield blocked her claws, black smoke rose and wrapped around the cougar's body.

"Kraaaaa!"

The cougar's fur evaporated, black mushrooms sprouted on its skin, and pus rose as if it were rotting.

All four of Kali's weapons contain the concept of death, and among them, the shield causes the fastest death by causing diseases that no creature can survive.

"All living things will kneel at my feet."

As Kali put away her shield and swung her sword, the cougar's huge body was cut in half with a snap.

The cougar belongs to the top-class summon monster, and especially among the monsters that Julu can use, it has the strongest physical strength.

Chok chok chok chok chok chok chok.

As she suppressed such a cougar in one shot, the sound of sucking on the nipple of the robbery that Julu was holding became faster.

"Now, choose. What kind of death suits you?"

Kali smiled wickedly and leaned back her upper body, and her black legs turned into smoke and floated up.

"...This is dangerous."

Julu really thought so.

* * *

"Hueeeeee. Hueeeeee."

Along the corridor of righteousness, countless angels were holding their stomachs and sobbing.

At the end of that humiliating sight, Frank Wein, who had contracted with Satan, stood with an arrogant expression.

Behind him were his subordinates who had transformed into hideous Molegols by combining with Yamaeng.

"Kiki! More, more angels......"

Satan is free from the power of angels, but he knows how strong they are from the history of the beginning.

Even if they defile the concept of angels, if they join forces and attack with physical abilities alone, the result is unknown.

So Satan sought out the easiest and most comfortable way to kill angels.

The result was Yamaeng's subordinates combined with Garas.

"Hueuk! Rather than exist like this......"

The angel felt Garas' seed growing in his stomach and closed his eyes tightly and reversed his light wheel.

With a bang, the angel's body turned into light and disappeared.

Shame.

It was an emotion more frightening than extinction for angels who pride themselves on having noble spirits.

With one angel's extinction as a start, all the angels lying in the corridor erased their existence by rotating their light wheels.

"Kkkk, Laysis was stupid."

Use Garas' nature to gain strong power?

"No, you just have to become Garas."

As all the angels in front of him committed suicide, Satan's presence began to be built into a more powerful force by the balance of law.

"Wooohohohoho!"

His stature grew larger, horns sprouted from his temples and curled up like standing up.

He clenched his fists as his chest muscles wriggled like armor, and flames of fire rose up.

"Not yet. I need more."

Satan looked at his fist with a face that had fangs down to his chin and shouted as he shot flames to the end of the corridor.

"Go! Find every angel! And humiliate them! From now on, heaven is our world!"
[Translated block]


```
"Kiaaaaaa!"

Dozens of minions who transformed into Garas rushed towards the blazing flames at the end of the corridor.

The angel's banquet hall.

"Black. Black black."

While the angels who were hit by Garas extinguished their own existence, only one angel managed to avoid the place and hid in the banquet hall where no one was.

But she couldn't break the law of nature, and her belly was gradually swelling.

Adio, the angel of achievement.

She was so happy to exist in this world that she couldn't leave even though she knew the result.

"I don't want to disappear. I have so much to do."

"Great angel."

From 1st to 3rd angle, three Maras were guarding Adio's side, and Rubel, the Mara of regret, who was the leader, said.

"Please bear with it a little longer."

That was the only consolation he could offer.

Even if Garas' seed was conceived, the angel's endurance would not go extinct.

But what did that mean?

Apart from the physical damage, the mental shock of giving birth to a monster for an angel who dealt with concepts was immense.

"Ah, no! Aaaaaa!"

As Adio opened her eyes wide and screamed, her belly exploded with a bang.

Her glorious body shook like crazy, and according to the law of authority, three Maras disappeared without being able to exist in reality.

"Black, heeeeeeuk!"

Adio collapsed on the floor and shed miserable tears.

What she realized now was that she should have chosen extinction like the other angels from the beginning.

Guruk. Guruk.

The creature that came out of Adio's body ignored its mother and ran out of the banquet hall door.

It was the birth of Nephilim, which no one wanted.
```
[Translated block]