


[467] Start of War (3)

The 7,000th Arabot.

While the war between the army of heaven and the rebels was raging on the outskirts of heaven, Arabot, located at the center of the inner circle, was still calm.

Below the spire where no sound of siege or scream reached, Ikael stood looking at the smoke rising in the distance.

There was no emotion in her eyes. Only the will to carry out Anke Ra's will was dryly attached.

As a piercing energy approached Ikael, the halo reflexively expanded into a light wheel.

Chiiiiiiing!

The fact that the light wheel was spinning at the maximum speed ever meant that the speed of thought was also at its peak.

There were few in heaven who could make Archangel Ikael so tense.

"What are you protecting?"

A handsome man with a neutral appearance walked up to Ikael's left.

It was Rayel, the Archangel of Light.

"Or, are you waiting for someone?"

Metatron, the Archangel of Existence, who had shoulders twice as big as other angels, appeared on the right.

Then Metiel and Satiel, the archangels of synthesis and decomposition, appeared in front.

"The war has finally happened. And with a humiliating invasion. I'm disappointed, Ikael."

Ikael, who had been surrounded by four archangels with the spire of Arabot behind her, still had a cold expression.

She glanced around for a moment and only one thing came to her mind.

'Paiel is not moving.'

Paiel, the Archangel of Extinction.

The four archangels gathered here were also powerful enemies who dealt with original concepts, but Paiel's existence was special to Ikael.

If Uriel, the Archangel of Destruction, was on par with her in terms of power, Paiel was like a natural enemy to the concept of amplification.

Of course, that was also true from Paiel's point of view.

They seemed to have chosen to watch each other for a while in an awkward situation.

'Fortunately, if it's fortunate?'

"Hey, Ikael."

Metatron approached with a crooked head.

"I know what you're thinking. But aren't you ignoring us too much? No matter how much you are, you can't handle all four of us."

"Why did you cause a backlash? Is it a rejection of Anke Ra?"

Rayel took a step forward and blue electricity flickered from his body.

A being whose origin is light, not magic.

If he hit it straight, even Ikael couldn't be safe.

'Mara is not calling. He must have already deployed it on the battlefield.'

Rayel said.

"Our thoughts on Anke Ra are firm. But you're not."

Satiel approached.

"Is Archangel Ikael now an old word? It's a bigger crime than fallen angels to be swayed by a mere human. You brought it on yourself."

For the first time, a murderous intent swirled in Ikael's eyes.

"Cheeky things."

Metatron activated his halo in anger.

A tremendous gravitational field spread out and even the landscape seemed to bend toward him.

"Have you been an archangel for too long? There is no hierarchy among archangels. Let's settle it here."

As soon as Metatron's words ended, four archangels activated their abilities at the same time.

Electromagnetic force, gravity, weak force, strong force.

The four forces that make up the universe were exerted at the same time and crushed Ikael.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Four shockwaves that exploded at the same time.

As soon as the archangels disappeared, Ikael's nose bridge was crumpled.

The halo spread out to several tens of meters in diameter and a large Ataraxia soared into the sky like a pillar of light.

As his power amplified tremendously, he swept away Arabot.

Flash!

Everyone in heaven could see the huge rise of energy that spouted over the spire.

* * *

Heaven 5th Thousand Matei.

In a giant city where everything was larger than human standards, the headquarters of the rebel command was fighting fiercely.

Mecha technology was specialized for giants and 2,000 units of Guroi, which accounted for a quarter of the total number of main equipment, were deployed.
[Translated block]


"Charge! Charge!"

Commander Krud, who was riding a Titan, fired flares in all directions and encouraged his troops.

Following him, the Guroi pilots also poured out a tremendous firepower show towards the giants rushing in.

The distance they advanced in just two hours after the war started was a whopping 2 kilometers.

But as they went deeper inside, the enemy's counterattack became stronger, and the abilities of the giants that appeared also increased exponentially.

"Damn it!"

The 2 kilometers they had advanced had now turned into a mere 2 kilometers.

Under the attack of a powerful giant army whose Ilhwa level exceeded 3 stages, the Guroi unit was pushed back without a clue.

The bullets could not penetrate the muscles, and they were not in a high position in terms of power either.

"Yaaaaa!"

Kanya fixed Guroi's barrel forward and fired bullets like crazy.

As soon as the war started, reason evaporated, and she remembered her father who had lost his life and her mother who had passed away due to Ilhwa.

"Sis! Calm down!"

Lena, who was wearing an infantry equipment Piper, shouted.

Even as she did so, her hand was pulling the handle of the arc.

The moment an explosive bullet popped out, a giant in armor appeared in front of her eyes.

It was Orshimo, the first battalion commander of the giant army.

"Woooooo!"

Bang!

He blocked the bomb with his shoulder armor and swung his huge sword.

The sword strike with Skima's power surpassed the mechanical power of Mecha, and Lena couldn't even react to the fast speed.

"Lena!"

Kanya twisted her body at the sight of her sister's crisis on the multivision.

But Guroi's reaction speed couldn't catch up with her urgency.

How could she forget? That she still had someone to protect.

'Idiot!'

Regret flooded in with tears welling up.

Then someone blocked Orshimo's sword with a clang sound.

"Kruk!"

Orshimo's sturdy impression crumpled like a beast.

As a battalion commander of the Heavenly Guard Corps, he knew very well about Mecha's technology.

But the shape of the equipment that blocked him now was something he had never seen before in his life.

"Ba, Babel?"

Lena raised her head as she collapsed weakly.

Babel's back reflected a dull light on the sun.

According to the Sironne algorithm, Babel is set to prioritize saving Kanya and Lena.

In other words, it means that Babel is watching over Kanya and Lena's movements in any situation.

Babel, who sensed the sisters' crisis, immediately left the battlefield after eliminating the enemy he was fighting and ran here.

"A mere machine trying to face a giant!"

Orshimo grabbed his sword with both hands and swung it with tremendous force.

But he couldn't even hurt Babel with a battalion commander's power.

With a clear metallic sound, his sword was blocked by her arm, and Orshimo opened his eyes wide as if shocked.

He could clearly feel how hard Babel was made of metal by the vibration that passed through his hand.

-Target elimination.

Babel bounced off his sword and flew up, cutting off Orshimo's neck with a light swing of water.

As she landed gracefully on the ground, Lena, who had been watching blankly, blurted out without knowing it.

"Th, thank you."

She didn't have any emotions for a machine, but she was human and grateful for her life saver.

Kanya bit her lip as she watched her.

It felt like her heart's blood vessels were tangled up like a complicated pain of tangled emotions passed through her nerves.

Babel was the enemy who killed her father.

But this time he saved her beloved sister more than anyone else.

That's why she was confused.

How should she accept this metal angel in front of her?

Ching!

Kanya aimed Guroi's barrel at Babel.

She still saw her father's pierced body. The more she did, the more evil Babel looked.
[Translated block]


'Unnie......'

Babel turned her body and looked at Kanya expressionlessly.

Pointing a gun at her was a clear sign of hostility.

But her algorithm did not register any counterattack against Kanya.

Clang!

Eventually, Guroi's gun barrel fell again.

Kanya shouted at Lena, as if spitting out her confused emotions.

"Don't leave my side from now on!"

She left those words and advanced again.

Thanks to the thought of protecting Lena, her head was cold, but she still had a lump of emotion left.

Little by little, the road was opening up beyond the corpses of the giants.

* * *

The second thousandth Lachia.

Except for Siroene and Plu, the Gauld party looked at the pillar of light rising from Arabot.

It meant that an unknown variable had occurred, as it was unlikely that the rebels had reached Arabot yet.

Armin said.

"It's a powerful energy that humans can't produce. It must be an archangel."

Zulu said.

"If there is a conflict among the archangels, it's an opportunity for us. We have to go now."

Gauld had no room for disagreement.

No, even if all the archangels gathered and blocked him, he was determined to sweep them all away and move on.

Sein said.

"Let's go. Once the operation starts, there is no need for improvisation or cooperation with each other. Just focus on making your own mission a success."

They sent Siroene first to infiltrate with a covert operation, and the rest of the party were all devoted to rescuing Miro.

Anyway, Miro would be in the deepest part of Lachia, so once they rescued Miro, they could enter Jebul through Arabot.

Gangnan said.

"Even if we change the coordinates of the Akashic Records in Jebul, we have no way to go back. The space-time of Miro is already broken."

"We have no choice but to trust them."

Gauld thought of Frankwine, the leader of Night Vision.

He was the only way out of heaven unless he brought what he had offered on time.

But Gauld didn't care.

The urgent matter was to rescue Miro.

"Run with all your might. If you fall behind, I'll leave you behind."

Gauld flew away as soon as his words were over.

Everyone followed him with their own skills at an incredible speed.

At the entrance of Lachia, countless fallen angels and giants of fire waited for them with ominous eyes.

'Miro......'

Gauld's eyes sparkled rather than speeding up.

Finally, finally he came this far.

The cogwheel of time that stopped without narrowing down the damn 20 meters started to move again.

Distance to Miro 42.7 kilometers.

"Stop them! Don't let them approach!"

The giants of fire raised huge fireballs.

A wave of fire swayed over the heads of giants that were hundreds of meters long and heated up to thousands of degrees.

"Fire!"

It was a tsunami made of heat.

The tidal wave of flames that burned the world and rushed in exposed Gauld's eyes to a brilliant glow.

There was no need to endure any longer.

Because Miro was beyond that point.

"Krrrrrrrr!"

Gauld's face twisted like a demon, and his veins and nerves twitched.

Pain sensation 5 million times.

Kuaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

An unprecedented shock.

The atmospheric pressure that crushed the world instantly annihilated the tidal wave of fire.

At the same time, fallen angels flew in from left and right, flapping their wings of light.

Armin cast a stop spell and dozens of angels stopped at once.

Iron Eye-Equalizing.

Sein's pupils spun fast and controlled the environment.

Increasing the atmospheric pressure was not very helpful tactically, but it was an equalizing to increase Gauld's combat power.

"Charge!"

The giants of fire rushed toward Gauld.

The neat line that was horizontal like a horizon began to distort according to each one's emotions, and they all rushed toward Gauld.
[Translated block]
The distance to the maze, 40.3 kilometers.
[Translated block]