


```text
[189] 5. Nor's Shelter (4)

That situation was also possible. It was not an item that could not be purchased because it was Shinmin's.

Nevertheless, he thought that the limited edition merit was still maintained.

Above all, the merchant knew that the customer's payment limit was two white elixirs. The fact that he was greedy for one elixir meant that it was actually much cheaper than that.

"Can anyone use it?"

"Anyone can use it as long as they equip it. Hunting weapons such as Signa, Xd, and Arc are common, but drones are personal encryption devices. Even if you take someone else's, you can't use it. But this is a new product that hasn't found its owner yet. That's why I can sell it."

I don't know. If it's new, there's no reason to have any flaws.

Is it a simple mistake from not understanding this world? Or was the spirit of injustice so hard to get?

Shirone, who couldn't make a decision, asked Tess.

"Tess, do you want this?"

"Yeah! Shirone, I really want it. Buy me this. Anyway, other items are cheap, so you can get them anytime."

Shirone burst into a chuckle. Her personality was clear even when she asked for something. She was definitely different from Amy.

Anyway, elixirs are better used for everyone. Then I have to buy it, but I don't know what the defect is, so I couldn't bargain.

It was obvious that he would be swayed by the merchant if he asked bluntly, and Clove wouldn't help at all.

"Why don't you sell it! I brought it as I said!"

At that time when Shirone was worried, Kanya's voice was heard.

Everyone looked that way. Unlike Kanya, the merchant had a relaxed smile on his face.

"Hey, miss. Where is the reconnaissance in hell? Auction, auction. The price went up, but you can't lower the price as you please."

"You said that a month ago! Epines is enough to buy with one green elixir! Why don't you sell it when I give you 30 more red elixirs!"

Epines.

Shirone recalled the white potion that the herbalist recommended.

But it was too much to say that it was just an awakening agent. Kanya's reaction was intense. What do you have to do in heaven without sleeping?

"It was a month ago. But now the price has gone up."

"No! There was no such thing two months ago or three months ago! This is extortion!"

"Miss, the price of an auction is determined by the buyer's desire. The more you want it, the higher the price goes up. Isn't that basic? How many days are left for Ilhwa's alcohol?"

"You, you...."

Kanya's face turned pale. How could he say such a thing even though he was a merchant?

Even Clove, who was rotten, frowned this time.

The merchant didn't change his expression even at the time of death. He never intended to sell anything to Shinmin in the first place.

"If you want Epines today, your family will die in a few days. So you have to buy this anyway. So what's wrong with getting an expensive price?"

"You! I won't let you go!"

Kanya pulled out an arc and Lena screamed and stopped her.

Violence is forbidden at Nor's Shelter. If a violent situation occurs, it doesn't end with being kicked out.

Maintaining a community was a promise between rational majorities. The moment discipline breaks down, the community collapses.

"Sister! Please hold on! You'll die if you fight here!"

Lena pulled her sister's waist. Kanya kept swearing while being dragged away.

The merchant ignored the annoying customer and looked at the herbalist across the street.

An unspoken promise not to sell Epines.

It was a monopoly.

When Kanya came to get Epines three months ago, the merchant asked for a high price that she couldn't pay.

In fact, it was an item that could be exchanged for about 40 red elixirs, but he asked for a green elixir.
```
[Translated block]


Elixir is different from money. Arbitrary exchange is possible, but if the other party insists on the green elixir, you can't buy anything no matter how much you collect the red elixir.

In the end, Kanya had to buy the green elixir at a higher price than its actual value. And he came back to buy something, but the merchant said he wouldn't sell it at that price.

"Why are you so excited? What is a drink of one fire?"

"It's a drink of life regeneration."

Gardrak's voice was heard. He came out because it was noisy on the left side after sighing. It was the first time he met him at the guide station, but he had heard rumors among the merchants.

"As you know, the Shinmin have a fixed lifespan. When their lifespan is over, they are reborn through a drink of one fire. The girl's mother was the target, they said."

"Exactly what kind of drink is it?"

Gardrak squinted one eye.

"I'd like to cut back on that. As you can see, it's a sensitive issue. The Shinmin call it a blessing of one fire. On the other hand, most of the heretics feel repulsed by one fire and are those who escaped heaven. The merchant over there is the same. It's not that he's bothering her because of elixir."

"But Kanya's mother said she was about to die. Then what role does the awakening agent play? Can you live if you drink it?"

"No. There is no case where the law is violated. To put it in terms of heresy, Kanya's mother will die soon. Even though he wants to buy Epenes..."

Gardrak groaned.

He also had a time when he was a Shinmin. He knew what Kanya wanted to do with his life, so he felt sympathy on one side.

"It's nothing. It's just a ray of light given in despair. It's like giving an anesthetic to someone who is dying of illness."

Siroene felt heavy in his chest. He didn't know how different the thinking of Shinmin and heresy was, but he thought that sincerity to relieve his parents' pain would work anywhere.

But the law distinguished even that.

Kanya went into bargaining again. He could see that he was holding his anger to buy Epenes.

There were two left sides selling Epenes, and maybe Kanya wouldn't have another chance if it wasn't today.

Siroene looked at the opposite drug dealer. He bowed his head as if he was stabbed by his conscience.

If he buys Epenes from him and gives it to Kanya, won't everything be solved?

As if reading Siroene's thoughts, he quietly put away Epenes. The contract was absolute for Norin, so he prevented the trouble from getting bigger.

Kanya suggested the last resort.

"Okay! Then I'll do it on credit. I'll get elixir no matter what I do, so give me Epenes."

"What can you get?"

"Anything! I'll get it for you even if I hunt for a lifetime!"

"So I'm asking you. What are you going to get?"

The merchant didn't hide his emotions anymore.

He hated Shinmin terribly. And he hated heaven. No matter how good a medicine he used, he couldn't erase the memory of living in heaven. Ra's law was that powerful.

"Even if I say everything, you say no, so you say it. How can I sell that medicine?"

"Yeah? Then even if you say no, you say yes. Hmm, what should I do..."

The merchant pretended to think and looked at Siroene and said.

"How about everything that boy has?"

Siroene realized that the merchant's strategy had been hastily revised.

He probably calculated as soon as Kanya brought Siroene with him.

It's natural for a merchant. But it was terrible.

He saw White Elixir and got greedy, but there was nothing expensive among what he had. So he tied up with Kanya.

If only emotion is removed, it was a good strategy.

Norin heard that he had good business skills. He was definitely an excellent merchant. But he was never a great merchant.
[Translated block]


```
Kanya was speechless with disbelief. The more she sorted out her position, the more she felt she was being played by a scammer.

"Now I get it. You never intended to sell it from the beginning. You enjoyed watching me suffer in hell for three months! What did I ever do to you?"

Sirone felt sorry for her. An emotional response like Kanya's did not work on a mage. They were adept at using the opponent's psychology to make the situation favorable for them.

If you want to make a mage angry, you have to fight back in the same way.

"You're making me a bad guy. This only makes things harder for you. I didn't ask for something impossible, did I? It's much easier to get that boy's elixir than to hunt for a lifetime. Don't you think?"

"That's stealing! That's robbery! And besides, you can't fight here! How do you expect me to get the elixir of someone who has nothing to do with me?"

"There are many ways, aren't there? You're a woman and that boy is a man, so it depends on how you find a way."

Kanya's lips trembled. She wanted to shoot the merchant's face with an arrow. But the fact that there was no more chance made her calm down.

What would Sirone do if she asked for his elixir? The elixir that was as precious as life to a heretic.

But maybe... he would help her. Because Lena said he was good at picking people even though he was naive.

-I don't like Sirone oppa because he's handsome, but because he's kind.

She had snorted at the time, but he was definitely different from ordinary heretics. Maybe he wouldn't give up his elixir. His expensive white elixir. Maybe. Maybe!

Everything was hypothetical. Yet the reality that she had to rely on assumptions was miserable.

She had to do anything for her mother. She couldn't let her mother go, who had lived only half of an ordinary citizen's life.

Ignoring the merchant's sneering laughter, Kanya turned to Sirone. His expression was calm, knowing the situation through the conversation.

Kanya felt chilly. What was he thinking? It wouldn't be a good thought. He would ask why she was coming over. What was the relationship between him and her?

But still, she would plead with him. She was ready to give up everything.

Kanya approached Sirone and spoke with a miserable feeling.

"Hey..."

"Here."

Sirone held out his hand. There was a white elixir on it.

Kanya choked up. The rising emotion was similar to anger, but it didn't hurt at all.

Why is he doing this? Shouldn't he at least give me a chance to kneel down? Wasn't buying emotions with money the purpose of charity? What does this kind of mercy mean?

Kanya thought she should take it. But she wasn't sure if she could speak properly.

"Why..."

"Just go and buy Ephinus. It's precious to you."

"But..."

It's not precious to you.

She wanted to spit it out, but her throat was locked and no sound came out.

This boy was different. He was different from humans and aliens. Even from... Raha.

The moment an irreverent thought crossed her mind, Kanya had a thrilling experience. Maybe this was the precursor of corruption.

"Thank you."

She barely managed to say one word and returned to the merchant.

Hell must be a different place from heaven after all. Strange emotions she had never felt in her life crossed each other.

She walked tiredly toward the merchant and handed him the elixir.

"Now give me Ephinus."

"No way. I can't sell it for this."

"Why... why again?"

Kanya had no strength to scream. The only thing that kept her standing on two legs was the thought that she had to hold back her tears.

"I said I wanted all the elixirs that boy had. And according to my calculations, there should be one more elixir left."

"No. I don't have any more elixirs left."
```
[Translated block]