


- "What are you angry about? Is it because I don't worship you like other humans? Or is it because I don't fear you like other angels?"
- "Why do you care what I think? Do you have some interest in me? Or are you just bored with your eternal life?"
- "How can you hurt me when I'm already dead? Do you think your weapon can harm my soul? Or do you want to try something else?"
[Translated block]


```text
"Why did you have a heart attack?"

"......"

Angels don't have hearts, but he didn't even know what a heart attack meant.

Still, he couldn't argue because he felt an unpleasant feeling of shaking himself rather than shaking Miro as he tried to shake her.

Uriel, who had captured the paradise dragon, flew to Cariel. He also hoped that Miro would disappear quickly.

Cariel, who was looking at the screen of the central processor, said.

"I told you there's nothing good about touching him. He's the one who annihilated the army of heaven."

Uriel had no choice but to admit it.

How many humans can infiltrate the pure mind of an angel and cause a stir?

Cariel pointed to his own troop situation and said.

"By the way, how about you, your side?"

"1st, 2nd, 3rd, all intact. Of course, the plain angels under my control too."

"I see."

Unlike Cariel, who was smiling with satisfaction, Uriel looked back at Miro with a prickly feeling.

What was she thinking?

"Cariel."

"Huh?"

Uriel still looked at Miro and said.

"What does heart attack mean?"

* * *

Ikael, who had finished the alchemy of Anke Ra, took the elevator of light and came down.

She no longer needed to be locked up in the near-spirit room.

She was filled with goodness in her eyes at the sight of the outside world she saw with her eyes for a long time.

The world is beautiful because everything came from the world.

Maybe she had forgotten something. But it wasn't painful because she had already forgotten it.

A sense of liberation.

All sins were erased.

And it was directly related to the authority of the archangel who had made all living things tremble long ago.

Her expression gradually disappeared as she smiled beautifully and looked around the scenery.

Before long, she regained her dignity as an archangel and said briefly as she stared straight ahead.

"Ashur."

Bang!

Dozens of panels stuck in front of Ikael and soon Ashur appeared.

As Ikael's power was opened according to the law of authority, his ability also became incomparably stronger than before.

"I answer your call as your servant."

Ashur's voice was full of power, and his eyes flashed with sharpness.

He was proud of being Marala of Archangel Ikael's 3rd angle.

"What about Cariel?"

"As you feared. He is currently summoning Baekgyeong and gathering troops from other archangels. He seems to leave for hell in 24 hours."

"Tell me what you know."

It would be faster for Ashur, who ruled over signals, to deliver information than words.

But he was afraid because it was such an honorable thing.

"Lady Ikael, I..."

"There is no time. I allow mental connection."

Ashur bowed his head with an expression of emotion.

Then countless panels unfolded and disappeared like melting into Ikael's glory body.

The information Ashur had collected quickly passed through his brain and all the facts became clear.

Ikael lowered her eyelids.

It wasn't a difficult thing to decide where to start.

"Hoo."

Ikael's eyelids gently fell down, and air was sucked into her chest.

The next moment, her eyes popped open with a terrifying rage.

Ca~ri~el~!

"Keeuk!"

Ashur, who was nearby, clenched his teeth and suppressed his fear.

Ikael's voice spread with tremendous amplification power, drawing concentric circles from Arabot in the center of heaven and spreading to other skies.

Ca~ri~el~!

The beings from the 1st heaven to the 7th heaven heard Ikael's voice and fell to the ground.

Fairies, giants, even plain angels, could not resist in front of her anger contained in her voice.

Ca~ri~el~!

The echo pierced through iron and entered inside buildings, vibrating them, and eventually reached Daesegyeon at the end of Jebul.

```

Is there anything else you want me to do?
[Translated block]


Ka~ri~el~!

"Aaaaaah!"

Kariel cried out with a face like a paint that had melted in all kinds of fearful emotions.

He didn't know what was going on, but Ikael was coming. Archangel Ikael was coming.

Moving as fast as the speed of light, Kariel grabbed Miro and Arius and flew up.

Without time to activate his ability, he pierced the ceiling with his body and disappeared at the same time, Ikael appeared in front of the galaxy where Uriel was standing with a bang sound after his afterimage arrived first.

The air pushed away and the world shook as if there was an earthquake.

"......"

Uriel looked at the side of Ikael standing in front of him.

His eyes were full of confidence as a sovereign.

It was the appearance of the archangel he knew long ago.

"Uriel."

"Archangel."

Uriel bowed his head immediately.

"Where is Kariel?"

He probably delegated all authority to her, Anke.

It was impossible to lie.

"He must have gone to the second heaven."

The city of fallen angels. It was the best and only place for Kariel to hide.

"Do you want me to guide you?"

Ikael shook his head.

He could catch Kariel anytime.

What Raga wanted was to postpone the war until he heard the answer.

Then the first person she had to meet was not Kariel.

"I'm going to hell. Uriel, tell the other archangels what I said. From now on, don't do anything without my permission. If you disobey, I will use the authority of the archangel."

"I will follow your will."

Uriel, who obediently received the order, raised his head again and asked.

"Are you going to the rebel headquarters?"

"Yes."

Ikael said with a fierce look in his eyes.

"I'm going to meet Shiroene, the light of the 73rd district."

* * *

At dawn, Gaold returned to the rebel headquarters. Of course, he was with Cage B team who survived.

Shiroene and his party who gave up sleep and waited for Gaold ran over.

Gaold was a tired mole, but thanks to Saint Moriac's treatment, he wasn't badly hurt.

Sein was more interested in what Cage B team was carrying.

It was a container containing a large Tagis.

Sein left with a rebel engineer and the rest looked at Gaold's face.

They couldn't deal with him as comfortably as before after hearing his painful past.

Gaold guessed roughly by looking at their reactions, but he didn't care much.

"What are you doing? Aren't you going to assemble Tagis? It's war from now on. We're going in within 24 hours."

Gangnan approached him.

"Are you okay?"

Gaold raised one eyebrow.

It was unexpected that she took out the thorns in her tone and gave him a word of concern.

"Why are you like that? If I was curious, I would have asked you earlier."

"Kuku."

Gaold pointed to Cage B team with his thumb behind him.

"Take a good look at them. They were against me, but they will be helpful when needed."

As a secretary-general, she knew that Cage B team was not weak. Maybe if they had targeted someone other than Gaold, who was a guild leader level, the result would have been different.

Wiiiiiiing!

Then a siren sounded from the command and control room of the rebel headquarters.

Everyone looked there and a soldier ran over and shouted.

"Airstrike! Enemy airstrike! It's flying at an incredible speed!"

Everyone looked up at the sky at the soldier's voice, but there was nothing to see.

"What?"

The soldier also had a blank expression on his face.

It should have been in sight by now if calculated by the radar range.

Gaold frowned and said.

"Get ready."

As soon as he said that, Gangnan took a combat stance and something crashed in front of them.
[Translated block]


It took quite a long time for everyone to recognize him in their minds, even though he showed himself at such a fast speed.

Meanwhile, the bomber spread his wings of light and looked around the rebels with his head held high.

"That, that is..."

The one who infiltrated the rebel headquarters was an angel.

A pure white beauty with a holy face, straight arms and legs, and a slender figure.

Sirone felt like his heart stopped.

Archangel Ikael was looking at him.
[Translated block]