


```
[196] 1. Mercy of God (1)

The liquor of unity.

The liquor technique that melts humans and makes giants.

There was no room for the dignity of life in the idea of combining multiple entities into one.

Life spreads its offspring. But the magic of heaven was going against the structure of such life.

They controlled the lifespan of the believers with the life cloth, and when the population increased, they integrated them into giants to maintain the number.

If that was Ra's will, then the liquor of unity could be said to be the core system that maintained heaven.

Shirone and his party gathered at the table and started a meeting. The tension was heightened by encountering the cruel thoughts of heaven.

The first thing was Peope's treatment.

If she reported to the upper echelon after leaving her seat during the memory transfer, Kanya's house was not safe either.

"We have to leave right away. Peope will bring more troops."

Canis was on the side of moving.

Peope's skills were not great, but it was also true that she was only one year old.

It was better to avoid combat as long as they didn't know what abilities other fairies had.

"You don't have to worry too much. Shirone is a Nephilim. According to the law, Nephilim are not affected by the law. Fairies won't harm Shirone."

Kanya, a believer, believed in the law as solid as iron. But there was no one to answer her words.

What they learned after coming here was that Nephilim were not omnipotent. They were certainly free from the laws of heaven, but because of that, the backlash was severe when they interfered with the law.

"Shirone, you decide. We'll follow your will."

Amy handed over the option to Shirone. From heaven's point of view, heretics were like foreign substances. The only way to try something was to use Shirone as a face card.

"I think it would be better to stay here tonight. I don't think Peope will push us. There's no reason for that either. And we have a meta-gate, so we can run away in the worst case scenario."

Shirone trusted Peope. She had a quirky personality, but she reduced Kanya and Lena's lifespan reduction to one year.

She didn't seem like someone who would make a fuss out of emotion, as she had enough intelligence to self-criticize.

She was more worried about Kanya. Tomorrow, Kanya's mother will receive the liquor of unity.

For a human who has been coveting only the existence of a country for a lifetime, becoming one with another human was horror.

"I understand why you hesitated to talk about the liquor of unity. But Kanya, do you really think so? The liquor of unity I checked is...."

"I know, it's irrational. I know that too."

Kanya admitted obediently.

It was a radical remark for someone who had just described the liquor of unity as a sacred liquor technique.

But Shirone didn't think it was strange. Faith and emotion were separate realms.

"I'm not stupid. If I say I never doubted it, it would be a lie. But what difference does it make? If you don't believe in God, you die. If you believe in God, you get eternal life. There is no choice."

Kanya uttered death for the first time. She knew that death existed in heaven.

"If you're going to stay here, I'll prepare a place for you. Come this way."

When she pressed the button on the switchboard, the side of the building opened and a new structure flew in and connected to Kanya's house.

When Shirone's party looked surprised, she said that most households owned several compartments.

"Huhu, Mecha people like to invite guests."

Kanya's smile hurt Shirone's heart.

@

That night. Kanya and Lena lay in the same bed.

Their hearts were beating fast as if they were running, and they couldn't sleep.

The sisters didn't cry. They were waiting for someone to cry first.

As she tossed and turned endlessly, Lena turned over.

"Sister, mom will be gone tomorrow?"

Kanya looked at her sister with pity, who lost her mother at a young age.
```

Is there anything else you want me to do?
[Translated block]


She gently stroked her head, and Lena said something unexpected.

“If it’s Shiro-ne oppa... I don’t mind giving him up to you.”

Kanya’s eyebrows slightly furrowed. Her expression was incredulous, but also a bit hurt.

“What are you talking about? Shiro-ne is a nephilim. How can I share my life with someone like that?”

“But you will never date a heretic. And someone like Shiro-ne oppa, you won’t meet again. So this is your chance. You have to grab it.”

Kanya tried hard to hold back her tears. She could feel her sister’s earnest feelings.

Mom won’t be home tomorrow. Lena wanted to fill the emptiness with a new family.

“Hehe, but you like Shiro-ne too. If Shiro-ne becomes my brother-in-law, you won’t be able to stand his personality. You’ll be jealous of me every day.”

“No! I’m serious! If it’s you, I can give him up!”

Kanya smiled. Anyway, she and Lena both knew that nothing would happen with Shiro-ne.

It was just a story of girls who came and went in the ambitious night.

Lena snuggled up like a wet cat, and Kanya hugged her sister and kissed her forehead.

“Don’t worry, Lena. You’re the only one for me.”

Lena’s eyes slowly closed.

That’s how the last night passed.

@

Shiro-ne and his friends took a rest in the room that Kanya provided.

They had a lot of things happen in one day.

Shiro-ne, of course, and his friends were lost in their own thoughts for a while, and there was no conversation.

Tes cried out as if she was crying.

“Should we go back now? Too many things happened in one day. Honestly, it’s too hard here, really.”

The others felt the same way. How many battles did they fight in just 12 hours?

And every enemy they faced was equally powerful, something they couldn’t see in the original world.

Fatigue was one thing, but the endless secrets of heaven were also a problem. They had so much information at once that their heads were spinning.

Canis said.

“We can’t do that. How can we come this far? Arin and I have to go to the 7th Heaven Aravot.”

If they just wanted to tour Shama-in, they wouldn’t have tried it from the beginning.

There was no way to retrieve the metagate once they came to heaven. So what they paid for the ticket was none other than an ancient artifact.

Amy lay down on her pillow and hugged it.

“But Aravot is where God lives, right? It must be the hardest place to enter in heaven. How are you going to get there?”

“I’ll take care of it myself, so don’t worry about it. If you’re afraid to go, you’d better wait here.”

“What? Are you ignoring me? Just go back first?”

“That’s even worse. If you activate the metagate here, your memory will be reset. Memory is one-time only. We won’t have a way back if we leave.”

Amy hit the floor with her pillow and sat up.

“Oh? Is that true? So we have to take you with us if we want to go back?”

“Yeah. Didn’t you know that, you pumpkin?”

“What, pumpkin? Have you ever seen such a pretty pumpkin?”

“Yeah. It looks like you have one around your neck.”

Amy gritted her teeth. She couldn’t tell if it was a compliment or an insult, but Canis had shut her mouth anyway.

Shiro-ne sat on his bed with his pillow and hugged it.

“I don’t want to go back yet either. But Canis, you have to be reasonable about when to use the metagate. If anything other than survival is on your mind, you’ll hesitate at the crucial moment.”

“Hmph, I know that. Just leave it to Arin. If it really gets dangerous, we’ll go back no matter what heaven or anything.”

“But you know...”

Tes lay down on her side with her head propped up. Her body curves from head to toe were overwhelming.
[Translated block]


```text
‘An adult…… an adult.’

‘Tes, you’re an adult.’

The children’s eyes were focused on one place, but Tes didn’t seem to mind.

“How do they control their lifespan here? Is there really a god who can move people’s lifespan at will?”

The children were lost in thought.

“I think it’s like magic. It felt the same when I fought with Marsha, but magic seems to have no impossible things.”

Clay Marsha’s ability was beyond imagination. But Amy, who had fought with him, saw it negatively.

“Hmm, that’s against the rules. Reducing lifespan may be possible depending on the price and condition, but what about immortality? No magic can extend lifespan. It’s beyond human limits.”

“Is that so? I think there might be a way. Hmm.”

Arin said.

“Why do you all think so critically? Maybe Raga is really a god. Even if he didn’t create the world, isn’t he at least a being close to god?”

“That’s also strange. If he’s really a god, why does he need a name to control lifespan?”

As Amy said, a name was just a designation given by humans. It didn’t make sense to think that a being who depended on human language was divine.

Sirone said.

“Besides, don’t you think the wine of fate is evil? No matter what reason, he treats human life like a thing. Raga may be just controlling lifespan for managing heaven. It doesn’t make sense that god manages the world.”

The friends realized that Sirone saw heaven negatively. Good and evil were human concepts and varied depending on the environment. Making value judgments was something to be careful until the end.

Tes said.

“But we can’t do anything about it. It’s their chosen life and their culture. Especially religion is an idea that has an absolute position in one culture.”

“No, it’s not religion. We just said it, Raga is not a god.”

“That’s not important. It doesn’t matter if he’s a dictator or not. Raga has the ability to control lifespan anyway. What’s more important than that in religion?”

Sirone seemed to have more to say, but eventually swallowed his words.

Amy, who was watching him, realized that Sirone was still looking for a way to save Kanya’s mother.

He liked Sirone like that, but now was the time to be rational.

“What are you going to do, Sirone? The wine of fate will proceed tomorrow. As Tes said, it’s the choice of the believers. It’s not something we can intervene just because it’s unreasonable by our standards.”

“But Miro denied the law.”

“Sirone, that’s…….”

“I know. I’m not trying to follow her thoughts. I’m feeling similar to her now. I think I can understand her a little bit now.”

Sirone recalled the story he heard from Noru’s shelter about Miro. The old man’s mother said she didn’t hate her even though Miro denied the law.

If the believers were nothing but obedient beings to Raga, how should he accept that? What did Miro see and feel in heaven?

The only sure thing was that Sirone would have to make a choice tomorrow.

Maybe Miro was…… not wrong.

@

The first thousand Shamaen.

Believer Management Fairy Department No. 73.

The fairy department where Peope worked was located on the outskirts of Shamaen, adjacent to hell. Hundreds of houses were built on a giant tree called the World Tree, and small fairies flew around like sparrows.

Peope went deep into the World Tree.

The fairy chief’s residence was much smaller than a human house, but it was more cute and colorful.

As he opened the door and entered, fairy chief Igirin was sitting on a chair with his wings folded. He had dark eye makeup and golden clover patterns on his cheeks.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


She was a fairy born from authority, but she was an adult who could not be approached by Peope even if she only looked at her age. Especially her beautiful appearance drew admiration from other fairies.

Did I translate it correctly?
[Translated block]