


All the disputes (1)

Under the pressure of everyone's eyes, Dorothy honestly confessed.

"Yeah, that's what happened."

When reminiscing about her school days at a drinking party, Dorothy always mentioned Iruki.

No one criticized her because they knew her feelings, but they had to separate work and personal matters.

"I know I have to accept it anyway."

Canis said.

"But if the work is messed up by personal feelings, I at least need to apologize to Iruki."

Sabina twisted her lips.

"Do you need to be so persistent? Good is good, let's solve it first."

"I joined the team not for money but for ruins. This doesn't pay off."

Since everyone had different values ​​that they considered important, Sabina couldn't stop him either.

"Canis, let's just back off."

Arin said.

"Anyway, he's a classmate who graduated from the same school. Iruki will have a lot of things to think about."

Canis was more surprised than disappointed.

"Why are you suddenly like that? Aside from emotions, even if you follow the order of work, that's right."

Arin looked back at Dorothy.

"You know, right? What's wrong with Iruki?"

As everyone's eyes focused on Dorothy, her lips drooped.

"Iruki...… He might die." Closer frowned.

"What are you talking about?"

"I don't know exactly. But if you continue to overload your brain like this, you might end up brain dead..."

Canis said.

"Overdrive."

He remembered the blue electricity flashing in Iruki's eyes during magic school.

Arin sighed.

"Iruki is unique among servants. I thought he wouldn't last long. If it's true, he shouldn't be on the battlefield anymore. He needs a break."

Closer snorted.

"Is he that kind of person? Besides, he is the general who commands the holy war. Overload is inevitable."

Sabina smiled bitterly.

"By the way, you're amazing. Do you still want to see him knowing that?"

Dorothy bowed her head.

"It's not something to say as a team leader, but can't you help Iruki? I'll ask you."

"Canis."

When Arin looked back, Canis was showing his displeasure.

"...A bastard like that." How can he say that he fought for humanity while destroying his own brain?

"I got it."

Canis raised both hands and signaled surrender.

"Let's do whatever he asks. We just have to leave here, right?"

A voice came from outside the building.

"No. It's troublesome if you guys leave." Everyone was surprised when Iruki opened the door and came in.

"Iruki...…

He quietly accepted their sympathetic gaze and chuckled.

"I knew it would be like this."

He didn't want to be treated like a corpse already.

"Don't look at me like that. My brain is still fine. I'm not crazy enough to want to die."

Canis snapped back.

"Who cares? By the way, it's troublesome if you leave, what does that mean?"

"As it is. You guys have to stay here and help me with my work."

It was the reason for revealing the secret.

"There is a limit to how much you can look down on people."

"I'm sorry for interrupting your dream." Canis stopped trying to get up from his seat.

"Honestly, it's overwhelming just fighting with demons. I desperately need someone to help me. There's nothing like a classmate. You guys seem to be able to trust and entrust me."

If someone took over even one part of his work, Iruki's brain would be much easier.

"Tsk, you should have done that from the beginning."

Canis sat back in his chair and made a grumpy expression, and Arin laughed softly.
[Translated block]


Sabina asked.

"Okay, since it's come to this, I'll do my best to help. What are we mining for?"

"Radioactive material for the elemental bomb. A cooperative company will arrive. Of course, you guys will be in charge. As long as you meet the target amount, it's okay to protect the dwarf ruins."

Canis joined the conversation.

"How urgent is this matter?"

"Nade is already designing the production line through the company. We'll get the cooperation of Inca alchemy."

"Inca, you mean, Richard's father?" Richard, an alchemist who was a member of the Golden Wheel, graduated in the same class as Shirone.

"No. Now Richard is the owner. His father, Marto, is in charge of the Valkyrie weapon development department's superhuman project."

"This is almost like a reunion."

It also meant that Iruki was cornered.

"I'm going back to the temple. I'll do my best to stop the army of hell. I don't have any other thoughts. I'll leave this place to you guys."

Dorothy asked.

"How do we report on the progress?"

"Nade will come down as soon as the production line stabilizes. Discuss the details with him." Sabina rested her chin on both hands.

"Everyone is working hard."

Their efforts would be a life-extending medicine for Iruki.

Closer shouted.

"Okay, let's do it! Let's turn the mountains upside down!"

A hot flame burned in each of their chests, recalling their school days' competition.

Habitz's army was vertically cutting through the Feris Kingdom, which could be called the center of the Central Continent.

"Go! Time is power!"

Before gathering the demons scattered around the world, Balkan wanted to push them out as much as possible.

As the temple soldiers were trampled by the demons, Habitz was the most prominent among them.

"Hoo! Hoo!"

He breathed heavily on his horse and saw a 10,000-strong army in front of him.

But no one knew that Habitz was approaching.

Even until he reached the commander, the guards did not move.

"The proud army of Valkyrie, come in!"

As soon as the commander shouted, Habitz's sword cut his neck.

"We...cough. We...

Why can't he speak?

The guards looked around with a puzzled expression and then shouted with shocked eyes.

"Commander!"

His neck had already fallen and rolled on the floor, but his expression seemed to be unaware of it.

"Ad, advance...

He stopped breathing.

"What happened? Who did it!"

The guard who raised his head saw a red light rising like a flame.

As the light faded, Habitz appeared on his horse.

"It's the emperor! Kill him!"

The appearance of an enemy that made them forget even the death of their commander made all the guards rush in.

At the same time, a red aura rose from Habitz's body and revealed Satan's incarnation.

Incarnation? Vanishing (non-existent event).

"What?"

The knights who lost sight of Habitz stopped their charge and looked around. In an instant, seven necks fell off.

"Huh? Huh?"

What was astonishing enough to lose consciousness was that none of the dead knew what had happened to them.

"What is this! What is this!"

"To, Tommy...

His colleague said with a terrified expression.

"Your face..."

"Huh?"

It seemed like he had been cut by Habitz's sword, from his crown to his left cheekbone.

"What about me?"

He didn't even realize that half of his vision was gone.

"You're dead..."

Before he finished speaking, the guard whose face had fallen off turned his eyes over and died.

"Uh, ugh... Ughhhhh!"

The guard who went crazy with shock and fear screamed, but he didn't realize it.
[Translated block]


The fact that his lower body was already separated.

Balkan smiled as he heard the sound of the army of the temple causing a commotion from afar.

"Habits awakened."

It was neither transparent nor using magic.

'The incident itself does not exist.'

He moves outside the law, so those inside the law cannot even perceive it.

Even if they break their fingers, they will not feel anything strange about their broken fingers.

"That is Satan."

The crystallization of chaos.

Habits swept away the army of the temple, separated from the army of hell.

'Connected.'

Link.

The truth he realized while swallowing the woman's milk was a fragment of the core secret of this world.

'If you want, you can... connect with anything.

"Uh-ah! It's hell, it's hell here!"

Habits jumped off the running horse and started slashing at the soldiers.

"You! Your, your head...!"

Habits, who had been cutting off the soldier's head until it was chopped off, suddenly knelt down and closed his eyes.

"I'm sleepy."

Infinitely free.

When he woke up from his sleep and slowly lifted his eyelids, all the soldiers looked back.

"There he is!"

Habits, who had infiltrated their perception, were indifferent to the army coming in through the window.

"If you are connected, death is also...

A spear made a thud sound and pierced Habits and popped out of his back.

"Just one form of life."

The soldier shouted in disbelief.

"I got him! I, I killed him!"

The army of hell rushed in from behind. "Kraaaaaa! Execute humans!" In an instant, the army of the temple was swept away, and Balkan found Habits lying on the floor.

He was bleeding with a spear pierced through him.

"Zetaro!"

Zetaro, who was officially a military officer, quickly turned his head to Balkan.

"Why! Why! What's going on...I"

He was also shocked to see Habits.

"Habits! Damn it! What are you doing in hell!"

"He's already here. I sent him." The blood loss was considerable, but there was no sign of fear on Habits' face.

"This is tricky. Natasha, pull this spear out for me."

Natasha came over.

"Huh? You have a hole in your spear?"

She casually grabbed the spear and pulled it out with a jerk, and sparks flew from Habits' eyes.

"That's it. Let's do first aid first." Zetaro, who was looking at him taking out tools from his bag, said in a hoarse voice.

"Hey, doctor."

"Yeah?"

"Is there a way to save me?" Zetaro turned his head slowly with shaking pupils and swallowed his saliva as he looked at Habits.

'He's expecting.'

Habits' eyes were shining brightly.

'I'm an actor. This has to be funny.'

Zetaro put his hand in his bag and rummaged for something, clearing his throat and saying,

"Well, first of all, the way to do emergency treatment is...

Suddenly madness flashed in Zetaro's eyes, and he stabbed Habits' abdomen with a scalpel in his hand like crazy.

"How do I know that aaaah!" As the blade stabbed with a thud sound, Habits grimaced in pain and burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! Puhahaha!"

"Uh-ah! Uh-ah-ah-ah!"

Balkan grabbed Zetaro, who was acting with all his might, and threw him back.

"You crazy bastard! What are you doing!"

Blood gushed out of Habits' stabbed abdomen.

"Habits! Wake up!"

Balkan confirmed that he had lost consciousness and bared his teeth at Zetaro.

"You...

"No, no, Habits likes it." Balkan sighed.

"Let's retreat for now. Treating Habits is a priority."

Ever since Habits awakened, Balkan couldn't even guess the basis of his judgment.

'Fuck, I'm stuck here.' For the first time, the army of hell stopped marching.
[Translated block]