


[744] Great Purification (4)

* * *

As a flash of lightning fell on the 3,599 altars spread all over the world, the earth shook violently.

When Nane's will began to seep in and red light started to leak from the cracks in the bricks, chaos broke out among the occupation forces of various countries.

"Commander! The altar is trying to open!"

The lieutenant shouted, but the commander checked the map until the end and then sheathed his sword.

"That's strange."

According to the guide of the Holy Temple where the Three Emperors, Seven Kings, and Two Kings gathered, there were still 23 hours left until the altar opened.

"No, is it natural?"

The altar, piled up to tens of meters high, was built so quickly that the kingdom had no chance to intervene.

A history that happened in a day.

Many kingdoms tried to destroy it, but the result was annihilation.

In the end, the baton was handed over to the Holy Temple.

'But the Holy Temple is not super-national either. They will eventually move for the benefit of their country.'

The lieutenant reported.

"According to urgent intelligence, the Iron Kingdom tried to destroy the altar last, but failed. We have obtained evidence that the elite troops were annihilated last night."

It was none other than the elite troops of the Seven Kings.

"Report to the kingdom. Current time 14:47. The altar is opening faster than expected."

Already, the same report would be going up from many countries, and the final gathering place was none other than the Holy Temple.

"Understood."

As the bricks of the altar disassembled as if they had lost gravity, ominous light began to spread.

"What, what is that?"

As the landscape of the place dyed by that light changed, a terrible world made up of intestines, muscles, and bones revealed itself.

"Arus! De Mehah!"

As the curtain was lifted, those with eyelids melted as if they were blocked and teeth like nails unevenly popped out.

The inhabitants of the other world, Arus.

Meaning solitude, it was a demon that chewed everything around it using its sense of smell.

"Uaaaah! Run away!"

As the light spreading from the altar quickly swallowed the troops and the Arus appeared nearby, the soldiers lost their will to fight.

"Damn it! All troops retreat! Pull in to the 'guideline'!"

The Holy Temple informed the countermeasures to the countries of the world, and the distance they measured was beyond 2 kilometers.

'It's too late. It will be completely occupied in 30 minutes.'

The demons were occupying the world.

* * *

Sad emotions rose in the eyes of Shirone, who was looking down at the planet from the Earth Temple.

"After all……."

It was something that happened because he couldn't stop it.

"It opened earlier than expected. Amita's decision made Nane impatient."

As if humanity knew Nane's intentions, Nane also had to think that he knew humanity's movements as if he was looking at the palm of his hand.

"Nane doesn't want to waste time sympathizing with life. He was aiming for a perfect timing where there is no chance of counterattack."

"Acceleration of enlightenment."

"Yes. According to my calculations, when the car number exceeds ten million decimal places, it will be overwhelming for Shirone."

1 percent of the ten million decimal places, which is almost nothing, was a huge gap in the ultimate realm.

"The time to reach there is about 48 hours. Perhaps the Holy Temple also predicted based on this information, but it seems that they did not properly calculate the variable of the Tenluhui."

The presence of Amita, who could advance the time of the Buddha's vow by more than 20 hours, was felt.

"How long will it take?"

Thousands of red dots spread across the continent were growing rapidly enough to be seen with the naked eye.

If it was this fast just by looking at it from space, one could imagine what the people living on the ground were going through.

"That red light is called a spiritual sphere, which erases the curtain between the other world and the real world. It will cover the entire planet and still remain in about a day."

"Is there a way to stop it?"

Taesung shook his head.

"It's not something that can be physically destroyed. That's not a substance, it's a system."
[Translated block]


"Akashic Records, huh."

"Yes. Only beings with the highest authority can directly handle the Akashic Records. If expressed as a creature, it is a law that operates in the realm of the 10th sense, the state of nothingness."

Anke Ra was a being with the 10th sense, and that authority has now fully passed on to Nane.

"When the altar was built, Ruber tried to enter La Enemy's dream. But Ruber is also a product of the Akashic Records. It was erased as soon as it connected."

It's because they're pushed out of authority.

"Therefore, in order to remove the altar, Nane, who has received Anke Ra's dream, must do it directly......"

Nane destroyed one of the altars of the Iron Kingdom.

"There is no choice but to infiltrate and destroy a concept that is not in the Akashic Records."

"......I have to do it."

"Yes. Only Shiro Ne is deviating from the whole. So this is the first mission for Shiro Ne. Please seal the altar."

Shiro Ne thought of 3,599 altars.

"I can't match the time. By the time the seal is over, there will be no survivors."

"They will buy time."

When Shiro Ne looked puzzled, Taesung showed a huge ice continent on the ceiling of the Earth Temple.

"These are people you know."

As the radius of the spiritual realm expanded rapidly, 680,000 people died worldwide in just 10 minutes.

The problem was that the back world and the real world were using the same space, just hidden behind the curtain.

In a situation where the barrier of the king star, the ancient weapon, and any concealment facility were useless......

"I approve of the Zion project."

18 minutes and 42 seconds after the altar opened, the representatives of the Three Emperors, Seven Kings, and Two Kings gathered in the temple signed the documents.

The document was handed over to the top information magician of Valkyrie, crossed the continent at the speed of light, and.

"Mr. Miro, approval has been granted."

It was transmitted to Armin, the eternal examiner, and finally handed over to Miro, the representative of Zion.

"It's too late! Anyway, politicians!"

To operate the sanctuary of the law enforcers, which was built with the support of 48 countries around the world, their help was needed.

"Let's start. The more time we delay, the more damage we will suffer."

Miro, who nodded at Kuan's words, looked directly at Nane beyond the Antarctic continent and opened his mouth.

"We will gather everyone's will. From now on, we will minimize the area of the spiritual realm as much as possible."

When the torches rose from the 700 totems lined up in two rows behind her, the icy earth glowed like a flame.

Ancient silence.

"......"

Between the two pillars stretching towards the continent, 37,000 law enforcers from all over the world were densely lined up.

Looking up at Miro's face filling the ceiling of the Earth Temple, Shiro Ne felt a lump in her chest.

'You didn't give up.'

There were still many people standing against Nane, even though Veron was gone.

"Did Miro plan this?"

"Yes. It seems that only she foresaw it when Anke Ra reset the world for the third time."

Miro was the one who made the hexa that Geopin made to prevent the reset of the world, and who drove it through.

"Of course, the memory of Ishtas was erased with Geopin, but the circuit of insight is still there."

Anke Ra wanted to become a god, but he could never surpass the whole by just repeating the reset.

"Only those who can close themselves can be called gods."

In the end, Miro's stubbornness hit the mark.

"The more resistance there is, the world will be tormented, but this has bought us time."

Taesung looked back at Miro and said.

"The person who has defended the world from the army of heaven for as long as 20 years. The strongest in defense without a doubt. This time, it won't be easy for Nane either."

Shiro Ne's fists tightened.

'I can still fight.'

It was a fact that could be assured because it was Adrius Miro, not anyone else.
[Translated block]


"Humanity is not your exclusive property, Nane."

As the avatar of Cheonsugwanseum filled the sky of the South Pole, Miro raised both hands.

"Ohhhhh."

As if directing the law, the many monks seated behind her focused their rituals according to her gestures.

The leaders of 984 sects, including the Yor religion, the Carthage Monastery, and the Ivory Tower of the Eastern Middle Heaven, known as the Gudogye, were all gathered in one place.

'These are almost all the good in the world.'

Nane will not be evil.

"But that's also something we have to define."

In order to activate the seesaw of the law, it was appropriate to refer to Nane as evil.

'It's shrinking.'

Shirone watched closely from space as the realm of the spirit was rapidly shrinking.

'This is Adrias Miro.'

He was the teacher who awakened the meaning of life to Shirone.

"Push a little more!"

At Miro's command, the lawmakers moved smoothly, each strengthening their will.

At the same time, torches exploded from 700 totems and ascended into a huge pillar of fire.

It was a heat that even blew away the cold of the South Pole, but those who had already entered Sammae could not even feel it.

'What a tremendous guy.'

A fierce force entered Miro's eyes.

'How can this be with a human body...'

Although he had to confront Nane inevitably by the seesaw of the law, his will was so powerful that he felt awe.

'Yes, you are closest to God. Do it all!'

The size of the torch was gradually weakening.

'Honestly, this is too much!'

The fear of the spirit realm lies in breaking the barrier between the underworld and the real world that use the same space.

It meant that the defenses built by humans lost their meaning, so the ground task of the Zion Project was to reduce the area of the spirit realm to less than 1 kilometer.

'The boundary must not collapse.'

If it's just a hole, even if the demons invade, you can fight a human war in the human realm.

"Damn it!"

Suddenly, a curse sprang from Miro's mouth.

'Demons are not good.'

That's why they're called demons, but they were also beings of the underworld created by humans.

"Mr. Miro, you have to forgive."

As Miro's mind shook at the height of concentration, Armin hurriedly spoke.

"If you collapse, it's over."

Miro felt as if Armin's voice was coming from a far-off place.

'I didn't waver when the world exterminated the Adrias family. But this...'

Isn't it too unreasonable?

'Why is pain the lot of the good?'

Armin shouted.

"Get a hold of yourself! Shirone has already paid for everyone's sins. It's a chance we got that way!"

"Huuuuuu!"

Miro's sequence, which had hit the stagnation point of acceleration, began to sprint at a terrifying speed again.

'Shirone, how could you forgive?'

As amazing as Nane's attack, Shirone's compassion was no less amazing.

'I can't be pushed by a disciple!'

Finally, when Miro's sequence reached 10 to the 64th power, the realm of the impossible, the flame of the totem pierced the sky.

"We will never lose."

As if time was being rewound, the realm of the spirit was shrinking towards the point where it was first born.

Radius of the spirit realm, 17.4 kilometers.
[Translated block]