


[724] Face-off (1)

André's Labyrinth - World No. 283.

Shirone suddenly realized.
'Immortal Function.'
The answer to the problem that had been bothering him for days was seeping through the circuit of insight.
Expanding the mind infinitely and opening this world was the only way to unlock André's seal.
'But... why should it be?'
What's the difference from taking one's own life?
"We are! Today too! Working hard!"
The worker ants, emitting cheerful pheromones, were lined up to the end of the sight, transporting food.
At the suggestion of Queen Garnet, Shirone was also moving with the flesh of a dead insect.
"Shirone, isn't it fun to work?"
An ant passing the line emitted pheromones, looking back at Shirone lost in thought.
"Yeah, of course."
Shirone smiled, wiping off sweat.
"It's not good to just immerse yourself in thought. If you fall into the thought of thought, you might lose what's really important."
"What's really important? What is it?"
"Well, maybe the reason for thinking?"
"...."
When Shirone stopped and blinked, the ant also shook off the dirt and finished speaking.
"You'll find that it's completely different from what you thought when you actually face something. Sometimes, not thinking is the answer."
'The thought of thought...'
The nature engraved in the genes of the species contained its own definition of emptiness.

-Garnet Colony is not complicated.

The queen's words echoed in her head.

"Thank you for your hard work today!"
After finishing the day's work and arriving at Garnet Colony, Shirone washed herself in the water storage.
It was unusual for ants communicating with pheromones, but Shirone was human.
'I've worked hard, so I can use a little.'
As she wiped off the dirt and went down to the underground of the colony, the noble ants were occupying the crossroads.
They were all worker ants, and they were full of hostility towards Shirone, who was resting in the area of the princess ants.
"Can you move?"
As Shirone advanced, she felt the net of killing intent they had spread.
Darren, who had a bad first impression, blocked the way.
"Do you think you're getting special treatment? No way. You're bait for the princesses. The moment you get bored, you become food."
Shirone realized where she was when she faced the wild killing intent that was not human-like.
'It's just acting according to its nature.'
That's why they couldn't blame them.
"Move. I'm a different species. I have no reason to fight with you."
"Do you know? The food procurement of Garnet Colony is getting difficult now. Because the army ants have expanded their territory."
"So?"
Darren's jaw targeted Shirone.
"I want to check how rich the nutrients of a human are. That's the role of a noble."
There were already frequent local wars, and the nobles who had to carry on the next generation were extremely sensitive.
'There's nothing trivial...'
But Shirone's life was not trivial either.
"Move. I'm a special guest of the queen. That's how the instructions would have been given, right?"
"That's usually the case. But in wartime...."
Just as Darren opened his jaws like scissors, the pheromone of the 13th night erupted from behind the noble ants.
"Stop it."
Just by that, the worker ants who were disgusted turned around, and the 13th night was emitting a sinister aura.
Darren pushed the nobles away and approached.
"Did you just order the nobles? Do you think we're easy because we've been around the battlefield?"
The body of the 13th night, who won the local war today, was engraved with countless wounds.
"An advice for Darren. That human is a guest of the queen, and above all, he is strong."
It meant that he was not an opponent that the nobles, who had never experienced a battle, could handle.
"Huh! Is it because you use the same thing? That means you have to obey you too."
"Don't distort it. It's a message from Princess Merot. She said to make sure you're not uncomfortable."
If Merot, the number one in the princess ranking, conveyed it, the nobles had no reason to touch Shirone.
[Translated block]


"That would be nice. How about going quickly and flattering?"
Following the path opened by Darren, Shirone sighed as he left the noble area and descended underground.
"Thank you. I avoided the fight."
The soldier is a being that follows the orders of the nobility, but the 13th night was an ant that realized the divine technique.
"The military ants' positions are unusual. The atmosphere is chaotic. Stay low for a while."
After the 13th night retreated and arrived at the quarters, a completely different hospitality continued from the noble area.
"Welcome back, Shirone. It must have been hard."
The princesses who flocked around Shirone in an instant overused the talkative pheromones.
"How was the outside world? Were there many dead insects?"
"What color was the sun? The 2837th color?"
When Merot showed up, the princesses all stepped aside.
"You're safe. I'm glad, Shirone."
The local war that took place near the colony was also a hot topic among the princesses.
"Military ants are different from us. They minimize the labor population and produce many soldier ants."
On the way to the quarters, Merot explained the situation.
"They expand their territory by occupying colonies like that. If a full-scale war breaks out, the damage will be great."
It was also impossible to move the colony.
"If a war breaks out, I will fight too. But Shirone, you don't have to be in the colony."
The situation seemed more serious than expected.
"You don't have to get involved in the war. If you want to leave, leave tonight. I'll allow it."
"Merot..."
Ants are creatures.
At least to Shirone, who had lived in the human world, it was not a being precious enough to give up his life.
'Is there a better value for life?'
Shirone, who returned to the quarters, lay down with his arms as a pillow on the dirt floor and was lost in thought.
'I don't want to disappear like this.'
What if someone shows an ant and asks to give up his life for it?
If it's a joke, he'll be treated as a madman, and if it's serious, he'll definitely get slapped.
'No, it's not because it's an ant. There's nothing more precious than your own life. There must be another way.'
It would be the same for Shirone, who is exploring another world, but there would be no need to open the immortal function.

How long has he been sleeping?
Shirone slowly lifted his eyelids at the sound of thunder coming from outside.
'Is it raining?'
This place was the lowest level of the colony.
"It's not rain!"
As Shirone, who jumped up, pulled out the artificial brain, massive information began to be transmitted.
"Block it! Protect the queen's room!"
"Kieek! Get out of here, grotesque things!"
As Shirone, who raised his upper body, used the recoil to rush out of the quarters, a grotesque sight unfolded that made his heart stop.
'Military ants.'
Their bodies were twice as big as the soldiers of the Garnet Colony, and their heads were even three times bigger.
Every time the powerful jaws attached to that huge head moved crosswise, the necks of the ants fell off.
"I can't die yet! Protect me!"
The princesses all started to flee from the attack of the military ants who invaded at night.
The nobles, who usually boast of their huge size, were no match for the giants of the military ants.
"Where are the soldiers! Protect me quickly!"
Only the military ants were flocking to the pheromones of fear that Darren had released.
"Die, inferior species!"
"Kuaaaaaaaaa!"
When Darren, buried in military ants, was turned over, the 13th night flew in.

Law of the Earth-Ant Hell.

When Dinai was applied to the landscape, the bodies of the military ants who were biting Darren were torn to pieces.
"You......"
Darren refused to support with the last remaining pride of the nobles, but he was already unable to move.
"Shirone."
The 13th night looked back at Shirone.
"I will protect the queen."
The queen was the most unnecessary existence in the situation where she was attacked because she could not move with the colony.
"Because I'm the 13th night."
It was a happy life to have a name.
"Wait! You have to protect me! The queen is already......!"

I hope this helps! If you have any other requests, feel free to ask.
[Translated block]


As the 13th night passed, leaving behind the pheromones of Daren, Shiro suddenly came to his senses.
"Merot!"
The army ants were already running around the princess's dwelling, and screams could be heard from all around.
"Merot! Merot...!"
Upon arriving at the dwelling, three army ants were choking Merot, pressing her down.
The feeling of hair standing on end at the sight of them pressing her chin with their sharp jaws as if they were playing a prank.
"Shiro..."
Merot, who found Shiro, opened her jaw.
"Run away! Run away quickly!"
What came to Shiro's mind at that moment was.
'When you face anything in reality....'

-You realize it's completely different from what you thought.

It was the pheromone of an ant without even a name.
"Run away! You can't be here!"
While Merot was holding the army ants with all her might, the ant that was biting her chin tensed up.
"Stay still! I'll cut your throat!"
Just before Merot's neck was cut, the flash of the photon cannon flew and hit the head of the army ant.
The colleagues who confirmed the fallen army ant with their antennae lifted their upper bodies and shouted.
"What! I've never heard of such a species...!"
Before the pheromone was even sprayed, the army ants hit by the photon cannon were smashed into the wall.
'If you look into it, all lives are the same.'
There is no meaning to high and low for beings that are born by endlessly circulating the fear of reincarnation.
'The same goes for those ants.'
Shiro, who realized how to stop the war, approached Merot and reached out.
"Are you okay? Can you move?"
"Shiro... what was that just now?"
She had heard about magic, but she didn't know it had such a powerful force.
"Let's go. I have something to show you."
There was no reason to hesitate anymore.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre-World No. 847.

"Kill! We're paying back what we've been through!"
Shiro's code is 427,621.
Realizing that there is no longer a person with power in the code name, numerous citizens stormed into the temple.
"Damn it! Let go! You dare to touch me with a code of 800,000!"
Gail, who was being beaten with a club, couldn't stand it and rebelled, but the fist inevitably flew in.
"Shut up! What's the difference between you and me? Just because you have a slightly higher rank, you've been bothering me!"
Gail, who had teased many women with the high code of 9, was the most miserable to suffer.
However, the resentment of the residents with low codes was not confined to those who were directly affected.
"Kill them all! All of them should die!"
Drain, who was once the king of the code name, had already lost consciousness and fell, but the trampling did not stop.
"You're the worst! You! You!"
In a situation where even the standard of how high the rank was disappeared, people were just destroying everything they saw.
"Shiro, I'm scared...."
Panica hid behind Shiro's back and trembled.
"It's okay. Because I'm here."
In a world where rank discrimination has disappeared, Shiro was the only one who could use authority.
That's why the residents couldn't dare to approach Shiro, but it had long lost its meaning.
'There is no such thing as rank for humans.'
There is no such thing as a standard that is noble from here and low from there.
"Shiro? Where are you going?"
At Panica's question, Shiro smiled sadly.
"There is no life that doesn't need to be saved."
Shiro, who spread her arms wide as if to embrace the whole world, slowly closed her eyes.
A tear trickled down.
'Everyone be happy.'
There was no reason to hesitate anymore.
=======================================
[Translated block]