


[623] Scout Reporting (4)

"Huh!"

Shirone's pupils fully dilated, and his mind swelled up as if everything in the world was being sucked into them.

In the explosion-like amplification, he felt like a giant who had swallowed the world.

'Photon Cannon!'

A flash that seemed to swallow a human whole burst out and hit Basilisk's face squarely.

At the same time as the blow, the reptile's face was buried in its neck and its entire body was pushed back.

"What the hell is that?"

No one at the school had ever seen the power of the meat bullet system through Ataraxia.

"Shock amount. How much?"

Elizabeth was silent at Baikal's question.

The two thousand main system never lied, but the delivered figures were so unrealistic that she couldn't spit them out.

'I will never stop!'

Shirone, who had hurt the enemy in front of him, flew towards the center of the battlefield.

With a single shotgun movement, the Colosseum was divided into eight parts.

As if erased with an eraser, the place where the flash passed was cleaned, and the spectacle of light explosions flashing in the form of a sphere without a center reminded of the explosion of a planet.

"Crazy kid! That's cheating!"

Shirone's body hadn't changed, but the participants felt like they were facing some huge existence.

Wyverns wrapped in shining chains were slammed into the ground with their necks and spines broken at the same time, and Ogres were crushed by photon cannons pouring down like meteors.

"Shock amount! Report!"

When Baikal, who was frustrated, shouted, Elizabeth quickly came to her senses and spoke.

"Ah, yes! Photon Cannon single shock amount 2.3 million Crash! Magic number...!"

It took time to read the numbers that came up on the retina.

"It's currently over 170 million!"

"170 million?"

The power was increased, the system was changed, and this time the scale itself was exceeded.

"Judge, at this rate......"

"I know. My eyes are not crooked."

Now even Baikal had to admit it.

'It's not a power that can be used from the beginning. But still... Can you stand it?'

When I thought about how much a human mind could contain, I got goosebumps.

"Please evaluate."

Elizabeth's voice was very excited.

"F."

Lara tilted her head at the unexpected evaluation.

"No matter how transcendent the power is, it denies the meaning of extreme survival."

"But this is......"

"But, let me add one thing."

Baikal cut off the words.

"If No. 27 can keep going until the end......"

If you can destroy the existing system.

"Even if it's not me, it will receive rave reviews from scouts all over the world."

It was the only way Miro suggested.

'I have to go up to the highest level possible!'

While everyone was losing their minds, the number of creatures called the king of some species was rapidly decreasing.

'Sona Explosion!'

When magic was cast directly on the coordinates, not the target, some monsters were swept away by the storm of mass and disappeared.

The 5th tier was almost annihilated, and when the number of 4th tier also decreased to the 10th unit, the participants were finally able to look at the battlefield from the perspective of the scout.

'We think we're fools!'

At first, I thought it would be enough to get tired, but if it goes like this, I would become a follower of Shirone and the first evaluation would end.

'Fight.'

When the participants who changed their stance were about to charge at the enemies, Fermi cast one of his secret cards, the earthquake magic, Super Eruption.

The entire radius where the two thousand systems were applied was torn apart, and the huge monsters were swallowed up by the earth and collapsed.

"Why?"

The participants who turned to Fermi quickly realized.

'I see. It can't last long anyway.'

If Ataraxia is a magic amplifier, Shirone's huge mind must also hit a limit, and when thinking sensually, that time would not be long.

"Evaluate."

Elizabeth's voice was very excited.

"F."

Lara tilted her head at the unexpected evaluation.

"No matter how transcendent the power is, it denies the meaning of extreme survival."

"But this is......"

"But, let me add one thing."

Baikal cut off the words.

"If No. 27 can keep going until the end......"

If you can destroy the existing system.

"Even if it's not me, it will receive rave reviews from scouts all over the world."

It was the only way Miro suggested.

'I have to go up to the highest level possible!'

While everyone was losing their minds, the number of creatures called the king of some species was rapidly decreasing.

'Sona Explosion!'

When magic was cast directly on the coordinates, not the target, some monsters were swept away by the storm of mass and disappeared.

The 5th tier was almost annihilated, and when the number of 4th tier also decreased to the 10th unit, the participants were finally able to look at the battlefield from the perspective of the scout.

'We think we're fools!'

At first, I thought it would be enough to get tired, but if it goes like this, I would become a follower of Shirone and the first evaluation would end.

'Fight.'

When the participants who changed their stance were about to charge at the enemies, Fermi cast one of his secret cards, the earthquake magic, Super Eruption.

The entire radius where the two thousand systems were applied was torn apart, and the huge monsters were swallowed up by the earth and collapsed.

"Why?"

The participants who turned to Fermi quickly realized.

'I see. It can't last long anyway.'

If Ataraxia is a magic amplifier, Shirone's huge mind must also hit a limit, and when thinking sensually, that time would not be long.
[Translated block]


"Well, Shiro, what are you going to do now?"

The aftermath of the mental expansion of the six-carbon system is unimaginable.

So, Shiro would want to skip as many steps as possible in this state, and then all Fermi had to do was block that desire.

"Enjoy the rest you've wanted so much. It's a problem if only you get installed."

When the creature is annihilated, 30 seconds are given, and during that time, the mental power amplified to the six-carbon system will also become calm.

As soon as the super eruption stopped, the two-thousand system restored the ground to its original state.

While the participants were blankly watching the cleaned colosseum, Fermi clapped and said.

"Well, then take a break..."

-Entering the extreme survival 8th stage.

"What?"

Fermi's words stopped, and the participants looked around the corners of the colosseum.

"Krrrrr!"

Shiro, who was still wrapped in the power of amplification, clenched his fists with a rough groan.

"It's up there."

A basilisk wrapped in a shining chain slowly descended from the high sky.

"I won't be swayed by you anymore."

Fermi said with a rotten smile.

"Even if you do, nothing will change."

Shiro silently brought his hand to the face of the basilisk.

'Dark sphere.'

As the black sphere was born, the monster's limbs trembled and were decomposed into code and sucked into the darkness.

"Get your mind together! We're at the 8th stage now!"

Already, 3-tier creatures had eroded the colosseum.

It wasn't as huge as the 4th tier, nor was it monstrous, but rather, this was proof that it was a demon based on the mental realm, not the function of a creature, that is, magic.

"Why are there so many!"

Mongma succubus, half-god half-soul vampire, sleep demon sandman, evil spirit larva, etc., 240 medium demons of the 3rd tier were summoned and began to attack the participants.

The number of summoned entities was larger than the previous stage because they were medium demons, but considering their special magic that cannot be converted into numbers, it was an unreasonable difficulty.

"Damn it! Let's fight!"

It wasn't a level to endure for 10 minutes with a sense of battle, and the participants scattered in the face of the powerful attack of the demons.

'Saint Barrier!'

When dozens of vampires cornered Eden and swung their nails, a gust of wind blew as if caught in a storm.

A little further away, the succubus fired a magic storm, a concentration of pure magic, and pounded Eden's barrier.

"You're withstanding the physical strength of a vampire and the magic of a succubus at the same time. That's amazing."

Contrary to the compliment, Elizabeth's voice was dull.

'Spiral Hunter!'

With Luman's crowd control magic, the ground distorted like a whirlpool and swallowed the lower body of the succubus.

'Wall of Lament!'

Then, when he surrounded a huge wall and blocked the surroundings, Binder fired a regulation magic.

"Wind Cutter!"

Even if it was a magic that anyone could do, the power was tremendous because it was in a buffed state by Suabi, and finally, one succubus was annihilated.

"16, 18, 20 combinations. It's a good team."

"It seems that the students in the middle of the graduation class evaluation have united. Each specialty is alive."

It was only natural to receive praise for catching a 3-tier demon, but Baikal had no particular words.

He had watched countless graduation exams, but it was the first time he felt like the standard itself was collapsing.

'In the end, everyone is watching only one person.'

Not only the audience, but even the scouts from other countries were only voicing about participant number 27.

The demons surrounding Eden were annihilated in a single frenzy, and the value of a single photon cannon exceeded the power of the Binder team.

"Then there's no need for strategy or tactics."

The essence of the unlocker, the scale magic, was to make the value of the technique meaningless.

-The extreme survival 8th stage ends. Enter the 9th stage after 30 seconds.
[Translated block]


As the guidance of the two thousand system was heard, Shironne, who had finished amplifying the six-carbon system, knelt down.

"Ugh."

The pain that seemed to shatter the whole body was nothing compared to the shock of the torn mind.

'30 seconds. I have to recover my mind in 30 seconds.'

I try my best to concentrate, but my thoughts are dull as if half of my brain has flown away, and my consciousness is still far away.

"This one is serious."

Baikal spoke, looking at Shironne panting.

"It's a 30-second opportunity at the risk of life. But can it be redeemed?"

'26 seconds. 25 seconds.'

There was no sign of magic filling up like a dried well, and it felt like the fortress was collapsing every second.

'21 seconds. 20 seconds. Please...!'

Shironne grabbed her trembling wrist and closed her eyes tightly.

'Please recover! I have to recover!'

19 seconds. 18 seconds.

All the participants in the Colosseum, as well as the scouts and spectators, were all looking at Shironne.

"Huh! Hic!"

Swallowing the cry that burst out unknowingly, I tried my best, but it was like pouring water into a bottomless jar.

"Shironne......"

Amy bit her lip, and Iruki was staring at Shironne without even blinking.

"Help Shironne!"

Nade shouted.

"Suabi, please. Cast a recovery spell on Shironne!"

It was an impossible suggestion because her utility was monopolized by Binder.

"Pony! Please refresh......"

Then Nade pleaded with Pony.

"I can give you a refresh. If there is a reward for it."

"I'll reward you! Whatever you want me to do......!"

"But the party won't want it. I didn't want to be an enemy with Shironne from the first evaluation."

Iruki spoke in a cold voice.

"Nade, the more you do this, the more you ruin Shironne's future."

"I... ruin?"

Nade looked back at Shironne, who was crouching and catching her breath.

'He's struggling like that...'

Why on earth?

How great is a wizard's license?

"That student has been a spectacle since a while ago."

All the spectators who seriously scrutinize all the participants, but Nade was like a monkey in a circus.

"That's right. It should be serious. Everyone is fighting for their lives, but only pretending to take care of friends. The basic temperament is not enough."

Terrya's face turned red at the criticism pouring out from the seniors.

"I'm so embarrassed I'm going crazy. That's why I said I wouldn't come. He's a kid who only finds excuses to go to school without thinking about making money even after seeing his poor mother."

"I'm proud."

Borum smiled sadly, looking at his son.

"You must be young. That's why you can't make a penny."

To be with Terrya, you had to learn patience.

'16 seconds. Please. 15 seconds. Please!'

At the point where half of the break time passed, despair was drawn on Shironne's face.

"What is the magic value?"

Elizabeth's eyes lit up.

"It's still 0. It seems difficult to recover in time."

"......Is it over with 'it was a good attempt'?"

'12 seconds. 11 seconds.'

- The mind controls the mind.

'The secret of emptiness!'

Shironne, who suddenly remembered the five secrets passed down by Zulu, slowly closed her eyes and inflated her lungs.

'Breathe in. Breathe out.'

It's about focusing on breathing.

Let go of the graduation exam, competition, magic recovery, and the life of a wizard, and focus only on being alive.

"Hoo...... Hoo......"

As the troubles disappeared, the torn mind began to stick together like a lie.

'There is nothing important in this universe.'

That's emptiness.

"Judge, the magic value is...... it's going up again."

Shock was contained in Elizabeth's eyes.
[Translated block]
"1 million magical. 2.2 million magical. It's a tremendous recovery speed."

"That's impossible."

For the first time, Baikal lowered his head.

It is impossible for a human mind to recover in such a short time from a state that has already exploded beyond its limit.

'Shirone, what kind of life have you lived?'

It was top secret.

'Breathe in...'

The world is sucked into a point.

"Breathe out..."

The world expands infinitely.

Although Ichonbeon could not detect it, the audience was feeling as if they were swallowing and spitting out the universe.

7 seconds.

'Breathe in.'

6 seconds.

'Breathe out.'

"It's strange. Why do I keep getting goosebumps?"

Only a few people could properly understand the situation currently happening in the Colosseum.

'Yes, Shirone. That's you!'

Lian clenched his fist, and the eyes of the woman wearing a hood sparkled.

'Everyone overlooks it. The visible skills are not everything. Before being a wizard...'

She spoke for the first time.

"Shirone is a half-night."

(End of Volume 25)
[Translated block]