


[785] Alpha Fish (3)

* * *

Woorin's room.

In the middle of the Ex Machina team sitting in a row of chairs, a woman was standing, receiving attention.

As Shiroe's party entered, Woorin, who had been watching from the corner, came up with his index finger to his mouth.

"You're here. We just started."

Shiroe looked back at the woman.

'That person is Alpha Fish.'

She was expected to have a hysterical impression, but she was anxiously looking down.

"She's surprisingly ordinary."

"No."

Minerva looked at the woman with a serious look.

"That woman... is the same kind as me."

A woman born with the fate of a witch.

There is no basis for what impression becomes a witch, but there is a common temperament of those born with the fate of a witch.

'A desire-driving energy.'

The impression that you want to torment, want to break, and feel like you will be relieved only when you see the figure crying and grabbing the blanket.

Woorin, who once lived with the impression of a witch, also felt the same as Minerva.

"That's right, it's a witch's impression. But surprisingly, she's not a witch. She's currently running a small flower shop."

Minerva's eyes narrowed.

"A witch... not?"

If she could resist fate so easily, Minerva would not have created the "Law Strike".

Shiroe asked.

"What happened?"

"Let's... watch first."

When Iruki joined the Ex Machina team, Woorin nodded towards him.

Gudio, who received the signal, spoke.

"Miss Yuse Abella."

Minerva's eyebrows twitched.

'A survivor of Yuse?'

It was once a huge tribe competing for the 1st and 2nd place among the Gypsy tribes, but it is currently known to be disconnected.

"Yes, tell me."

Abella's voice crept in.

"Don't be nervous. It's not a place for questioning. I just called because I have a few things to check. First of all, you know why you came to Huangxing, right?"

"Yes, I heard. Mustache, no, Mr. Habitz..."

For the first time, Abella raised her head.

"He's a very bad person."

Habitz is a villain, and although she knows it in her head, she cannot accept it in her heart.

Iruki spoke.

"That's right. He killed many people, is still killing, and will kill in the future. You know about the incident where he buried 70,000 people alive. We need your help."

"Me, how can I..."

Mice asked.

"Do you think Habitz should not die?"

Abella hastily shook her head.

"No! If you do something bad, you should be punished! I think it's not right to kill people!"

Iruki exhaled a long breath.

'I see, the fate of a witch.'

Even now, isn't the Ex Machina team unknowingly becoming a situation where they are tormenting her?

"You can speak honestly. Even if Miss Abella loves Habitz, we will not do any coercion."

To her, who spent her childhood in the Gustav Empire, Kasyan was an enemy country.

'Besides, it's in front of the Empress, so it's natural to be nervous.'

Abella took a moment to calm her mind and turned to Iruki with a clear gaze.

"No. I think Habitz deserves to die."

Still, it was strange that it didn't pierce the heart.

"I'll explain from now on."

Woorin walked forward.

"The two first met 14 years ago, when Habitz was twenty-seven and Miss Abella was nine."

Everyone paid attention to her.

"The Gustav royal family's unique tradition of fratricide. Habitz was infamous for brutally killing many brothers and sisters. There were even rumors that the emperor at the time did not send Habitz to the easternmost Arcaba of the empire as a strategic choice. Maybe... even Habitz XVI was afraid of his son."
[Translated block]


Abel was an unknown story.

"In the end, Habits, 17, killed 781 brothers and became emperor. The method of killing them during the three resets was always different. He killed his brothers in 2,343 ways."

So it's chaos.

"And at that time, that is, 14 years ago by the Great Purification, the method Habits used was..."

Woorin looked down coldly.

"It was to tie his brother and wife to the ceiling and boil their children for a feast."

Abel's body trembled as if struck by lightning.

"14 years from now."

The easternmost part of the empire, Arkaba.

"Ah! You son of a! Stop it! Are you human? You will be punished!"

Habits' half-brother, hanging from the ceiling, vomited blood and cursed.

The wife hanging next to him had already lost her mind, defecating while laughing grotesquely.

"Hmm, what part is this?"

Habits, who cut the meat with a knife, looked around with a fork.

"Ah! Stop it!"

Habits, 27, didn't look much different from his face after becoming emperor, he just grew a stylish mustache.

"Fondue."

He dipped the meat in the soup, put it deliciously in his mouth, and when he chewed, his brother shed tears.

"Please... I beg you. You become emperor. I'll help you. I'll make you emperor in any way. So stop..."

"Emperor?"

Habits put down his utensils and wiped his lips.

"You're strange, brother. What's so fun about being an emperor? It's boring."

"Then why...? Why even your nephew..."

Habits looked up at the ceiling.

"It's fun to become an emperor."

"Huh!"

Habits' brother realized.

Although dozens of brothers are still sharpening their knives, the emperor of the empire has already been decided.

"Kill him. Now that you know, let's end it."

"I'll eat you for dinner. Sister-in-law for dessert."

Seeing his face laughing with his nostrils flared, Habits' brother felt the world spinning.

"You son of a! You will suffer the same! My brothers will surely punish you! Curse you! Even if I die, I will pray in hell for you to suffer!"

Habits yawned.

"Boring."

When he snapped his fingers, the rope that had been tying his brother broke and he fell 20 meters below.

Another corpse was created with a thud, and blood slowly spread out from the body of the brother lying in capital letters.

Habits asked the maid.

"Isn't there anything fun?"

Neither the loyal subordinate who would speak bluntly, nor the flatterer who would flatter, remained by his side.

Just a maid trembling in fear spoke.

"Brother, there are still brothers of Gasol. They are in the underground prison, so how about torture..."

"Torture is also boring, since I was seven."

The maid's shoulders twitched.

"I'm sorry! I didn't understand your deep meaning and advised you out of line! Please forgive me!"

Habits stared at her.

"Is there something sad?"

The maid who raised her face quickly shook her head.

"No? No, I'm not sad."

"But why are you crying? Am I scary?"

The thing that people around Habits hated the most was being asked questions.

'What, what should I answer...'

It seemed like she would die if she said she was scared, and it seemed like she would die if she said she wasn't scared.

In the end, emotion won.

"I'm scared! Ah! No, I'm sorry! Please forgive me! To me, humble..."

Habits approached her as she gradually lost her mind and her language went crazy.

"Am I scary? Why?"

Habits' face, no, his two pupils, looking close, were so clear and beautiful.

"I'm scared because I might die."

She didn't even know she was speaking.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]