


```text
[181] 4. The Reversal of Law (2)

"Alright, I'll explain. This place is called Heaven's Hell. It's also known as Purgatory."

"Purgatory? Here?"

"Yeah, the prison of the earth. It's where the heretics who rejected the law live. Now I get it. You guys denied the existence of God in the land of the earth. That's why you fell here."

Shirone didn't correct her misunderstanding. It wouldn't make sense to explain, and it wasn't exactly a lie either. None of them believed in Anke Ra anyway.

"It's a pity that you're descendants of the Nors who can use magic. There's nothing left for you but death once you fall into Purgatory. You'll die eventually."

"That's right, we'll die eventually. But so will you."

Kanya lifted her chin a bit smugly.

"Of course not. I'm a divine citizen chosen by God. That's why I can have eternal life."

Shirone recalled the myth of Kergo. If someone could give eternal life, they could certainly be called a god.

But it didn't feel realistic.

Living things age and die someday. Even magic couldn't stop death.

Kanya realized their identity and felt more relaxed. She hated heretics, but they were pitiful people who didn't even have a chance to receive God's power.

"I can't help it. You're lucky. Follow me. I'll show you a place to stay."

"Why are you suddenly being nice? If you're a divine citizen and we're heretics, shouldn't you hate us more?"

Kanya realized that no one was following her and turned around.

"You're really suspicious, just like a descendant of the Nors. If this was heaven, I would have kicked you out, but it's okay here. There's no law in Purgatory that protects divine citizens. You and I are in the same situation. Anyway, we have to hurry. It gets dangerous when the sun sets."

The cliffs rose higher as they entered the valley. It was a lonely place where not even a single insect existed. A bit of moisture and echo. Only their footsteps sounded in the huge nature.

"I hope nothing weird comes out again."

"Don't worry. The valley of the whirlwind snake is a place where there's a powerful law. There are no dangerous monsters like poison horned beasts living here."

"What kind of law is it?"

"Whirlwind snake. A monster that has been living here for over 10,000 years. But it should be sleeping now. It doesn't move around during the day. That's why we have to hurry. We have to get to Nor's shelter before the sun goes down."

"You said we're descendants of Nor earlier, right? Then Nor isn't a divine citizen?"

"Of course he is."

"Then why is there Nor's shelter in Purgatory?"

Kanya was frustrated but remembered where they came from and added an explanation.

"There are three races of divine citizens living in heaven. Nor is one of them. Divine citizens have a fixed lifespan when they are born, and they get eternal life when it runs out. But some people of Nor couldn't accept that, I guess. So they escaped to Purgatory and created an independent society."

Shirone didn't understand what it meant to have a fixed lifespan at birth, but she let it go for now. It was less amazing than getting eternal life anyway.

She was more grateful for Kanya's consideration. She thought Shirone was a descendant of Nor and guided her to Nor's society.

"Thank you, Kanya. You're kind."

"What are you talking about! There's no divine citizen who is kind to heretics. We just have something we need, so we're going there anyway. Don't get any wrong ideas. And don't act like you know me when we get to Nor's shelter."

Despite her harsh words, she couldn't look into Shirone's eyes.

Lena puffed up her cheeks at Kanya's pretense and added a word.

"That's right. My sister really has something she needs to go there for. But I want to help you sincerely."

"Haha! Thanks, Lena. You're thoughtful."

Lena's cheeks turned red at Shirone's compliment.

Kanya stopped walking. It was understandable that she was attracted to strangers at this sensitive age, but it was a thought that she shouldn't have as a divine citizen under the rule of law
[Translated block]


```
She grabbed Lena's wrist and dragged her to the edge of the cliff. As Shiroye and his companions looked on in confusion, she whispered in a low voice.

"Lena, what's wrong with you? You know as well as I do, we can never be with the heretics. It's blasphemy to even harbor such feelings."

"I know. But that guy..."

"No, you can't! You're so naive, being handsome is not everything. You'll get in trouble if you choose a man like that."

"How would you know? You don't even have a boyfriend."

"You'll understand when you grow up. Anyway, listen to me, okay? From now on, be cold to that man."

"I like Shiroye not because he's handsome, but because he's kind."

"Kind? Him?"

Kanya looked at Lena with a dumbfounded expression. How should she take her sister's words?

He was certainly a unique boy. But the reason she felt that way was because he was a heretic. His free-spiritedness would lead to corruption. It was dangerous to associate with Shiroye.

"Tell me honestly. Do you like handsome people or kind people?"

Lena was fourteen years old, old enough to feel love. Kanya, who would soon have to play the role of a mother, felt the need to change her sister's way of thinking.

"Of course both. He has to be handsome, but also kind."

"Hoo, you're really hopeless."

"It's okay, sis. I won't fall in love with someone I've only seen for a day. And... we're no different from them right now."

It was a violation of the law for Shinmin to enter the hellfire without permission. They might be punished, but it was something they couldn't give up.

But she regretted bringing her sister along.

No matter how much Lena had more life than her, it was a poor decision as an older sister.

"I'm sorry, Lena. I..."

"I know, sis. Besides, I begged you to take me with you. You don't have to take all the risks by yourself. I also want to give mom a present."

Kanya stroked Lena's head. The child who used to cry for milk had grown up so much. She hoped that she would receive God's grace and enjoy eternal life.

Because she was a lovely child, surely Laka would do that for her.

"Okay, let's go."

The valley was now becoming a maze. There was shallow water flowing in the narrow fork, and the air was damp.

Amy noticed with her red eyes that Kanya's movements were erratic.

It was a typical movement of someone who had lost their way.

"It's been a while. Is Noru's shelter still far away?"

"We're not going there. We don't know where Noru's shelter is either."

"What? You said we were going to Noru's shelter earlier."

"That's our destination. It's an open market where anyone can go, made by Noru who escaped from heaven. There's no way we can know where it is as Shinmin."

Kanya added as she felt Amy's incredulous gaze.

"Don't worry. There's a way."

"What kind of way?"

"Using drones. Noru's shelter is an open market where anyone can go. There's a guide sent from the market waiting in the vortex snake valley. We just have to find him. That's why I'm searching for places where people can stay with drones right now."

Shiroye looked up at the two drones flying in the sky.

Those flying objects were also called ancient relics in the original world. But their technology was incomparable to that of the ancient times.

He wondered what expression Nayde would make if he showed it to her.

"How can we see what those machines are scouting?"

Kanya poked his Adam's apple and said.

"They're connected to my head. They call it frequency."

"Frequency?"

"Um, it's like an invisible signal. Something similar to sound? It's a technology called retinal vision, but when the drone shoots a wave at my frequency, an image forms on my pupil. Look closely at my left eye."
```
[Translated block]
The group entered the cave cautiously, following the light of the shining spell. The air was damp and cold, and the walls were covered with moss and fungus. The smell of blood grew stronger as they went deeper into the darkness.

"Be careful. There might be traps or enemies inside." Sirona warned.

"I don't think so. If there were, they would have attacked us by now." Lian said.

"Or maybe they are waiting for the right moment to strike." Tess said.

"Stop being so pessimistic. We're here to find Norin, remember?" Sirona said.

"Yes, yes. I know. But I can't help feeling uneasy. This place gives me the creeps." Tess said.

They walked for a few minutes until they reached a large chamber. There, they saw a gruesome sight. Several bodies were lying on the ground, some of them mutilated and torn apart. Blood stained the floor and the walls, creating a macabre contrast with the pale light.

"Ugh... What happened here?" Lian asked.

"It looks like a massacre." Sirona said.

"Who did this?" Tess asked.

"I don't know. But whoever it was, they were not human." Sirona said.

She pointed at one of the corpses, which had a large hole in its chest. The heart was missing, and the ribs were cracked open.

"Look at this. They ripped out their hearts. That's not something a normal person would do." Sirona said.

"Maybe it was a beast or a monster." Lian suggested.

"Or maybe it was Norin." Tess said.

"What? Don't be ridiculous. Norin would never do something like this." Sirona said.

"Then where is he? He should be here, right? This is where the drone located him." Tess said.

She looked around, but there was no sign of Norin. The only thing she saw was a trail of blood leading to a dark tunnel at the other end of the chamber.

"Maybe he went that way." Tess said.

"Or maybe he was taken by whoever did this." Lian said.

"Either way, we have to find out. Come on, let's go." Sirona said.

She led the way to the tunnel, followed by Lian and Tess. Kanya and Lena hesitated for a moment, looking at the carnage with horror and disgust.

"Are you coming?" Sirona asked them.

"Yes... yes, we're coming." Kanya said.

She grabbed Lena's hand and ran after them, hoping that Norin was still alive and that they could save him from this nightmare.
[Translated block]