


[651] The Way They Live (4)

The woman, dressed in ragged clothes, looked really unwell, her complexion intertwined with the winter cold.

"Are you okay? Come in for now."

As Shiroe invited her, the woman obediently nodded and moved her steps to the carriage.

"Hmph, young people anyway..."

Austin grumbled, extinguishing the fire in his hand.

The woman had wounds here and there, but she was sensual and her face was quite beautiful.

It was enough to be a target for thieves, but the problem was that it was good to deceive the eyes of young blood like Shiroe and Lian.

"Thank you. Really... I was so scared."

As Shiroe boarded the carriage, the woman came close, grabbed his arm, and shed tears.

"You'll be surprised to know what happened to me. The thieves..."

Shiroe comforted her back.

"You don't have to say it. More than that, I want to ask..."

"Wait a minute, Shiroe."

Lian spoke from outside the carriage.

"I'd rather this woman didn't sit next to you. Of course, if you agree."

Helping those in crisis was natural, but nothing could be conceded in protecting Shiroe.

The woman, who realized the cold attitude of Austin and Lian, held Shiroe's arm even tighter, who had been the only one to treat her kindly.

"Sit on the other side. The carriage is wide anyway."

"Ah, yes."

When Shiroe, recalling Austin's words, said so, the woman moved to the wall side and sat in a seat facing the two.

"Ouch!"

Even while gently loosening the collar and caressing the sore skin, Shiroe and Lian did not even pretend to be flustered.

'Are these guys really men? Usually, when you push this much, you pretend to lose and accept it, right?'

If they had doubted, they wouldn't have let her ride the carriage from the beginning, so it was correct to say that they were highly vigilant.

'Well, they said they were quite powerful wizards even though they were young.'

Only after the carriage started with the window open on the side where the coachman was, did Shiroe ask the whole story.

The woman, who introduced herself as Marie, confessed that she was caught by thieves on the way to travel with her friends from the capital.

"How many are there?"

"I'm not sure. But it must be over 100."

Austin turned his head with a snap.

"What? Over 100?"

If the scale exceeded the hundreds, it was a fairly powerful organization among the thieves.

Above all, the most worrying thing was the high possibility of a unit with a wizard.

"Where are they now?"

The woman pointed to the side of the carriage.

"If they still don't know I've escaped, they'll be over the mountain. Because I came straight down the mountain."

'We'll meet them on the way.'

The best way was to avoid it, but Austin was cautious like a veteran.

"What will you do? You have to decide now if you want to avoid the thieves."

Shiroe asked Marie.

"Do they might not know I've escaped?"

"There were many other people caught besides me. And my friends too..."

Looking at Marie crying sadly, Shiroe was lost in thought for a moment.

Whether to avoid the battle or to save the hostages.

"Let's go as it is. First, we have to save the people who were caught."

"Huh?"

Marie's eyes widened.

No matter how powerful a wizard, it was absurd to break into a unit of over 100 with just three people.

"Marie, you don't have to go to save your friends. Don't worry."

"Oh, no. It's about saving my friends..."

The reason Marie was surprised was elsewhere, but she quickly changed her attitude and showed a conscientious appearance.

"Don't worry. I'll definitely save your friends."

The ones who should worry were not the non-existent friends, but you guys, but there was no tension on Shiroe's face.

'Is he really that strong? He's younger than me...'

'Well, they said he was a pretty powerful wizard even though he was young.'

After the carriage started with the window open on the side where the coachman was, Shiroe asked the whole story.

The woman, who introduced herself as Marie, confessed that she was caught by thieves on the way to travel with her friends from the capital.

"How many are there?"

"I'm not sure. But it must be over 100."

Austin turned his head with a snap.

"What? Over 100?"

If the scale exceeded the hundreds, it was a fairly powerful organization among the thieves.

Above all, the most worrying thing was the high possibility of a unit with a wizard.

"Where are they now?"

The woman pointed to the side of the carriage.

"If they still don't know I've escaped, they'll be over the mountain. Because I came straight down the mountain."

'We'll meet them on the way.'

The best way was to avoid it, but Austin was cautious like a veteran.

"What will you do? You have to decide now if you want to avoid the thieves."

Shiroe asked Marie.

"Do they might not know I've escaped?"

"There were many other people caught besides me. And my friends too..."

Looking at Marie crying sadly, Shiroe was lost in thought for a moment.

Whether to avoid the battle or to save the hostages.

"Let's go as it is. First, we have to save the people who were caught."

"Huh?"

Marie's eyes widened.

No matter how powerful a wizard, it was absurd to break into a unit of over 100 with just three people.

"Marie, you don't have to go to save your friends. Don't worry."

"Oh, no. It's about saving my friends..."

The reason Marie was surprised was elsewhere, but she quickly changed her attitude and showed a conscientious appearance.

"Don't worry. I'll definitely save your friends."

The ones who should worry were not the non-existent friends, but you guys, but there was no tension on Shiroe's face.

'Is he really that strong? He's younger than me...'
[Translated block]


Mari stared intently at the side profile of Shiro, who was turning his head towards the window.

* * *

On the ridge of the Jijeo mountain range, 89 infamous Red Sword bandits from the capital were setting up camp.

"Why aren't they coming? Are they doing it right?"

"Reporting!"

The messenger arrived on horseback.

"Arian Shiro's carriage is approaching the union!"

Cold Park, the leader of the Red Sword bandits, frowned.

"Tsk, as expected, it's a failure."

As the main agent of this operation and the one who even used the bait Mari, he missed the opportunity to monopolize the huge sum of money.

"Let's go back. Join the union."

The scale of the Red Sword bandits could be guessed just by the fact that everyone was on horseback.

While moving along the mountain path, Banker, a magician and staff officer, drove his horse next to Cold Park.

"Going to the union means they're ready to fight. It seems they're a powerful magician as rumored."

Whether Shiro made a decision, chose to fight or bypass, the bandits were controlling both crossroads.

This was possible because many bandit groups besides the Red Sword bandits participated in this operation.

However, it was thought that there was also an opportunity to monopolize the spoils if Mari scared Shiro's party and diverted the carriage here, but it was frustrated when Shiro chose to fight.

Vice-captain Alphas approached Cold Park from the left.

Carrying a large double-edged axe on his back, he was driving a horse with only his thigh muscles while his arms were crossed.

"I heard he's a candidate for the Ivory Tower. Isn't it dangerous even if we have a union?"

Even if it was one of the three major bandit groups in the Kingdom of Thormia, made up of Schema's masters, it was a matter of preparing for annihilation.

"We're doing well without having to deal with such a big shot. The subordinates don't seem to understand either."

Although the pride of the Red Sword was not inferior to the army, if Alphas himself had doubts, there was no need to ask the members.

"Banker, tell us why we have to fight."

At Cold Park's command, Banker took out a scroll that collected information gathered from various guilds.

"Arian Shiro. Confirmed as a graduate of Alpheus Magic School. It is suspected that he has an objet called Arman. Rumor has it that he received it from the Kazra royal family. When I followed the market price, I suspect it will exceed at least 6 billion gold."

"6 billion gold......"

The eyes of Alphas and the members changed at once.

"Do you understand now? It's money that we can't earn even if we are reborn and become bandits. There's a rumor that the Ivory Tower is selling the royal family, but it's the power of the organization anyway. What kind of bandit can't cut off a single finger of a twenty-year-old?"

When various information was combined, it was suspected that Shiro's Arman was in the cubic.

Cold Park shouted proudly.

"Guys who are crazy about money, women, and pleasure! When did you rob while saving your life? If you don't want to make a lot of money, get out now!"

Dudududu! Dudududu!

There was no sound of leaving the path among the ground-shaking horse hoof sounds.

Cold Park, who stood on a horse at the top of the mountain, split his mouth as he looked down at the troops laid out at the bottom of the mountain.

"It's the greatest war in the history of the Red Sword."

Jijeo's Ear, Beast Hunter, Spear and Death, Blood Lord.

Four notorious bandit groups near Bashka, united with 237 troops, were camping under the mountain.

"Let's go, guys! 6 billion gold is waiting for us!"

* * *

As the carriage approached the Randeboo point, Mari closed her eyes with a tired expression.

'I have to kill him here......'

The reason for lightly dressing was mainly to attract attention, but there was also a strategy to make the other party off guard.

No sane man would come forward to search a naked woman's body.

Once the sleeping gas is sprayed, the arrows equipped with magic bullets will annihilate the carriage, and this was why Cold Park thought he had a chance to monopolize the objet.
[Translated block]


"How about it, you've never seen this before, have you?"

Because she had climbed up to the beauty world, she knew the reactions of ordinary drunks even with her eyes closed.

"Hehe, as expected......"

When she slightly opened her eyelids as if surprised by the vibration of the carriage, Shiro was staring out the window with his chin propped up, just like at the beginning.

"A typical baby type. I appreciate the consideration, but if I miss this opportunity, I'll regret it for the rest of my life."

Smiling inwardly, Mary turned her body to the other side, pretending to fall asleep again.

"It's about time to start......"

When she noticed Lian observing her without changing his expression, her heart sank.

"What? Is it a coincidence?"

When she felt the need to check and made eye contact properly this time, Lian's gaze didn't move at all.

"He's watching. Damn it."

It was a movement achieved through years of training and practice, so he wouldn't doubt it, but it was impossible to spray gas like this.

"There's no more chance. I have to decide here......"

Mary, in her most powerful posture, slightly lifted her eyelids and watched ahead through her eyelashes.

This was also a high-level skill, but Lian continued to be on guard without changing his expression.

"It's annoying. What are these things?"

The beauty world does not fail.

Although it has the disadvantage of being usable only by half of humanity, the success rate close to 100% is guaranteed by history.

"I'm not a woman, am I?"

She was proud of her skilled technique and her pride was hurt, but now she really had no time.

"The bombing will start soon."

Piri-ri-ri. Piri-ri-ri.

When the birds chirped from the top of the mountain, Austin frowned and looked up at the sky.

"It's ominous."

Sending signals with bird sounds was a traditional method of thieves, but the problem was that it couldn't be distinguished from real bird sounds.

"10 seconds ahead."

Mary, who knew the meaning of the signal in the sound of the flute, counted the time until the bombing.

"9 seconds. 8 seconds."

"Miss Mary."

Shiro, who had been looking out the window until now, turned his head for the first time and stared straight at Mary.

The face of Shiro, confirmed through the eyelashes, was so cold that it was hard to believe it was the same person as before.

"What are you hiding?"

At Shiro's question, the tip of her finger twitched.

"I need to control my breathing."

It was a state reached after countless practices, but in front of Shiro's confident eyes, her heart was out of control.

"Damn it! I missed a beat. I've been caught."

She closed her eyes tightly and suddenly turned her body, escaping through the window of the carriage.

"4 seconds! 3 seconds!"

Even after seeing Mary fly out of the carriage, Austin didn't get annoyed, but first looked at the sky.

The archer unit using hang gliders was flying in from over the mountain.

"It's a surprise attack! Quickly avoid......!"

When he turned around and shouted, the passenger compartment was already empty.

"2 seconds. 1 second."

In the midst of dozens of arrows rushing in, Shiro, who had grabbed Austin's back, jumped out of the carriage.

At the moment when Lian, who had escaped through the opposite door, cut Mary's neck with an amazing acceleration.

Boom!

The carriage, hit by the bombing of the horsemen, exploded.

"Kuk!"

The sound of horse hooves rushed into the ears of Shiro and Austin, who were thrown to the side of the mountain by the expansion of the air.

Dozens of horsemen were running along the mountain path.

"Start the battle! Kill them all!"

Austin, equipped with a fireball, grumbled.

"Damn! Was it a trap after all?"

"But it's a relief that no one was caught."

"Now you're talking......!"

Without time to be annoyed, dozens of 'spear and death' thieves jumped down from the side of the mountain, aiming their spears.

"6 billion is ours!"

"Dangerous!"

At the same time as Austin reached out his hand, hundreds of eyes flashed open from Shiro's robe.

Akamai-blooming.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]