


[766] Breaking Up (1)

"Execute Yahweh!"

The 8 million demons of the capital, Pasya, realized that they were just the tip of the iceberg.

It was indeed hell.

In a place where flames were raging, there was an endless procession of demons.

"What if it's the Walking Dead?"

Minerva knew what Sirona was thinking.

"Can you annihilate all the demons?"

Since the psychic realm is just a passage between reality and the hidden world, if an infection occurs here, it would spread throughout hell.

"You used to say not to use forbidden magic?"

"I said that because I didn't know what it was. If the opponent is a demon......"

"If you could, you would have done it a long time ago."

When no answer came, Minerva honestly confessed.

"In fact, I've already tried it."

"How was it?"

Minerva shook her head.

"The legion commanders are not fools. They quarantined the entire area in 2 minutes and 32 seconds after the infection spread."

"Is it an ability?"

"Yes. It's probably the 9th Legion Commander, Paimon. He holds a military position in the army of hell. He's not a demon we can meet right away unless it's a frontal battle......"

Minerva turned her direction towards a highland where animal bones were piled up like a mountain.

"The few million troops infected in Pasya are not enough to trigger Paimon's quarantine. Rather, the capital itself has become a good quarantine zone."

The army of hell is 2 billion and is produced endlessly.

"You can now deal with two legion commanders, but you should be careful with those who rank within the top 10. Their concentration of demon magic is different."

Sirona took note.

"We're almost there."

Dozens of towering structures appeared below the flaming clouds.

It was Marduk's castle, which had lost its master.

"Is this your first time sealing a legion commander's territory?"

The only way to seal the altar was to destroy all the demons in that area.

"Yes."

The key was to block the 'fire plate', the tributary of the demon, as the hidden world itself was made of demons.

"We're still searching for where the source is."

Currently, the armies of various countries and the Valkyries of the Holy War were risking their lives to explore the hidden world.

"Anyway, the hellfire that starts from the source of the fire plate spreads like blood vessels throughout the hidden world, supplying demons."

As they passed the mountain range made of animal bones, Marduk's castle came clearly into view.

"My goodness......"

Even Sirona, who had sealed several altars, could not close her mouth at the sight that unfolded.

A river of lava over 10 kilometers wide was flowing in a winding manner, burning so red that it blinded the eyes.

"This is the upper stream of hellfire."

Just as the civilization of the real world is based on water, there was a river of fire flowing in the hidden world.

"Save me! Please, someone save me!"

Thousands of humans were flailing their arms in the form of melting in the lava.

"They're the dead."

"Exactly, they're the spirits of the dead condensed into demon magic. The fear of death is too strong for ordinary humans."

"The human heart is hell."

Zulu's insight was correct.

In the end, the dead who could not overcome the pain of hellfire were destined to be reborn as demons according to Satan's will.

'Gauld C.'

He did not succumb to the pain.

'That's why he's still......'

Sirona, who did not know that Gauld had regained consciousness, prayed for him to return as soon as possible.

"Let's go down."

As Jet rapidly descended to the ground, Sirona also followed by turning the light wing.

The sound of the lava burning was so loud that it was about to deafen the ears, and at the end of the field of view, the inhabitants of the hidden world were encircling roundly.

Minerva, not caring, pointed at the lava.

"How about it? Can you extinguish it?"

The river of hellfire, which was seen from the bottom, was so huge that it could not be distinguished from the sea.

"I can't guarantee it. Hellfire is much more tenacious than demons. I had a hard time eradicating a single river."
[Translated block]


Minerva nodded her head.

"Because it's the essence of the devil. If it's this scale, we should see that the emotions of about 500 million people in the real world are flowing. The problem is that the demons also withstand Yahweh's light as long as the hellfire flows."

It was the reason why the legion commander's area was much harder to seal than other altars' spiritual realms.

"There is one way."

Minerva pointed to Marduk's castle.

"There is a 'fire plate' in the legion commander's castle. We control the device that controls the flow of hellfire by adjusting the concentration of hellfire to create powerful demons."

As soon as the conclusion was reached, the action was quick, and the two immediately flew their bodies towards Marduk's castle.

The residents who lost the legion commander could not approach Sirona, but the army of hell stationed in the castle was burning with fighting spirit.

"Yahweh! We must stop it!"

Because they were the ones who came to cut off their lifeline.

Numerous armies wishing for the division commander gathered at the entrance.

"Open."

In the place where the devil is strongest, Yahweh's light cannot be a cure, but Sirona took the lead straight away.

'Angel's punishment.'

The incarnation of the archangel bloomed greatly, holding the spear of light and looking down at the ground.

"This is my whole."

Full..

When quantum information is integrated through resonance, 100,000 Sironas were not needed.

"Repent."

And finally, the moment when the spear of light stretches long into a flash and is stabbed into the ground.

"......!"

First, the light bursts, and then the shock wave spreads, turning the army of hell into ashes.

"Uh uh uh?"

The demons watching from afar were horrified by the huge dust cloud that was pushed by the wind.

"Kuaaaaa!"

When the roar shakes the heavens and the earth, overtaking the wind, the demons who were scared turned their bodies all at once.

"Do, run away!"

At the moment when they thought they could never set foot here again, the dust cloud covered them.

Minerva, who covered her face with her hand, frowned at the wind that seemed to burn her flesh.

"Puuuuuu!"

After a while, the direction of the wind reversed.

It was because the place where the shock wave exploded turned into a vacuum state, pulling in the surrounding atmosphere.

"Let's see......."

What was reflected in Minerva's eyes, who checked the front, was a crater that would have been created when a meteorite collided.

"There is no doubt that it is the realm of destruction."

With a human body, he finally arrived.

'What will happen now.'

Apart from the thrilling joy, Minerva's face showed serious emotions.

* * *

"Heeeeeek!"

The character corresponding to the hearing of the macrocosm, Acet Meirei, rolled her eyes in the private room of the Thorumia Magic Association.

"What's going on?"

The magician who was guarding her room like an iron wall under the direction of Rufist opened the door roughly and came in.

"Huh?"

Meirei blinked and turned around.

"No, just what sound was......"

"Sound? There was nothing."

The magician looked around the room, and it was definitely a neat view far from the noise.

'Is it a physiological phenomenon?'

It could be embarrassing if she was a woman.

"Okay. Please call me if you need anything."

"Yes. Thank you for your concern."

The magician did not realize that the human emotion had disappeared from Meirei's calm eyes.

"So......"

As soon as the door closed, the face that had some humanity changed to a perfect doll face.

"Chief Justice."

When Meirei answered with one ear blocked, the Chief Justice of Terraphos delivered a decree.

- A little while ago, a power beyond the biological system was detected.

"Is that so. Who is it?"

- The representative of mankind, Hexa.

"......"

She realized why the Chief Justice was worried.

"What is the judgment of the council?"

The reason why Terraphos is called an evil god in the scriptures of humans is because they actually destroyed many civilizations.

But they are not invaders.

Rather, they were beings that protected the order of the universe, so Taesung once proposed such a hypothesis.
[Translated block]


User Protection System.

This can be inferred through the absolute three principles recorded in the Grand Law of the Terrafos species.

One, we promote the development of humanity and directly intervene in human history when necessary.

One, we destroy that civilization when evil has completely won in the battle between good and evil.

One, we actively obstruct when a specific creature with will violates the upper system.

The existence of Terrafos gives the impression of maintaining the balance of the universe rather than the species.

Also, the standard of that balance focused on existence itself beyond human happiness and unhappiness.

'So that the balance is not broken by any one variable, so that no cheating is committed in the fierce life of creatures.'

The judge of the law.

Meirei, who came to understand Terrafos through numerous trusts, calmly waited for the next word.

-The destruction of Hexa violates the last clause of the absolute three principles, but there are judges who focus on the second clause.

There is no priority in the absolute three principles, and therefore all clauses have the position of number one without a number.

-In the end, if evil wins, we destroy it. It is an interpretation that there is a chance of reprieve if it is Hexa, the representative of humanity, now that the confrontation of good and evil has reached the end.

"It makes sense. If evil wins, everything ends, but the destruction of Hexa is just an active obstruction."

-You're better than the council.

Of course it was a joke, and from the current words, I could guess what opinion the Chief Justice of Terrafos had.

'But that means the backlash is not easy.'

Terrafos can collect all the sounds of the universe, and Meirei's heart was no exception.

-Yeah. Judgment Day may be brought forward. Of course, I make the final decision.

"What should I do?"

-Go to Zion. Your ears will be needed to confront the evil. If there is a chance that good will be reversed at the end of the day, the council may change its mind.

"I understand."

Meirei, who realized that the communication had not yet been cut off, hurriedly asked.

"I'm curious. If Terrafos guided humanity, who made the absolute three principles that guide Terrafos?"

A natural curiosity that arises from being human.

-As you suspect.

The communication was cut off.

"Anke Ra...."

And now it was Nane.

Meirei, who was fiercely staring forward, suddenly got up from her seat and opened the door.

"Let me see the chairman of the association!"

* * *

Shirone and Minerva, who occupied Marduk's castle, found the 'fire plate' on the 8th floor underground.

In the furnace with a diameter of several hundred meters, lava was boiling and the dead were struggling.

"It's horrible."

If Yahweh's light did not block the heat, the body would have burned just by standing.

"It's probably a strong demon born from such a horrible place. It seems to be using hellfire drawn from there."

Lava was endlessly flowing from dozens of drains installed on the wall.

"If you block the fire pillar upstream, the demons in Marduk's territory will not be able to use their power. They will probably be reorganized into other legionnaires' territories."

"What if you come back and open the furnace?"

"We have to prevent that. North Eimond is already in a state of anarchy, so let's instruct the president of South Eimond. It's okay to dispatch a separate garrison from the Holy War."

"Nothing is easy."

"That's life. Do you know why the stars are busy? Because there is no end to how many laps around the planet."

Shirone approached the control device of the 'fire plate'.

"It's very old-fashioned."

"You know? Demons live by recycling what humans use and throw away."

"......"

While the horrible skeleton demon was crawling on the floor, Shirone did not take her hand off the switch.

"Sa, save......"

A demon crawled up from the flames of the fire plate to the floor.

"Please save me. It's too painful."

While the horrible skeleton demon was crawling on the floor, Shirone did not take her hand off the switch.
[Translated block]
"Ah, Yahweh...."

Suddenly, the demons surged and bared their teeth.

"What makes you so great!"

The demon hit by the photon cannon flew straight into the middle of the furnace.

"Don't pretend to be clean! You're just like us! We hate you! Arrogant Yahweh....!"

The demon melted into raw material.

"...."

With a sad look in her eyes, Shirone slowly turned off the switch while watching the scene.

Kurung. Kurung. Kurung.

The sound of the gears turning was heard sorrowfully.
[Translated block]