


[727] Face Off (4)

As the time of one second repeated, the slot of fortune began to change into a new card.

'I need to make a decision quickly.'

There must be a limit to how long one can spin the roulette due to the time consumed by thought.

'It's harder than the Scramble Royale.'

At that time, one only had to choose one from black and white, but WhiteBlack had many more types of cards.

'There's only one chance.'

Even if CPR came out, if it was caught in inertia and a time bomb was activated, everything would have been in vain.

'This is it!'

As the light of the card was peeled off, the two letters of CPR were faintly visible next to the S-grade card.

'Stop! Stop! Stop!'

As the rapidly accelerating thought applied the brakes, the electric signal coming up the spine struck the brain.

"Phew!"

That was one second.

"This, this can't be......"

What the participants of White saw in a short time was the spectacle of Shirone's card flashing like crazy.

"How did you do that?"

The CPR card, which was as warm as freshly baked bread, was in Shirone's hand.

Breeze swallowed his saliva.

'It really came out.'

It was clear that he could manipulate the probability, even if he didn't know what kind of magic it was.

"Now, take the remaining cards back."

When Shirone offered the card, the four participants flinched as if they were going to jump out, and then looked at each other.

Even Ballad, who would have acted immediately under normal circumstances, could not move in front of Shirone.

'He's not just a magician.'

Like the true meaning of the name magic, it seemed that there was nothing impossible for him.

"Please distribute it yourself."

Shirone handed the card to Breeze.

"Me, me?"

He was the only person who showed gratitude when he caused the harmony of the law as a representative of the White area.

"I don't need the card anyway. But can this CPR be used here?"

Atria shook her head.

"I don't know. I've only heard about it, I've never seen it. I didn't even get trained like in the Black area......"

Breeze interrupted.

"Weapon cards have a set activation area. It's probably a circle with a diameter of about 2 meters centered on the card."

If there was no activation area, a strange battle would have been fought with cards from one end of Anarchy Mountain to the other.

"Then I have to go back to Kai."

Just as Shirone turned around, Breeze said.

"Can I go with you?"

While the other three participants made strange expressions, Shirone said.

"I'm Black. As long as Kai is in Black, I have no intention of changing the law. You'll have to fight me eventually, right?"

"It's not because of the survival test. I need one more CPR. If you postpone saving Kai until the end, I'll find a way. I'll find a card that can be duplicated somehow......"

Marco frowned.

"Hey, what are you talking about? CPR? And he's Black. Do you think he'll do that?"

"How do you know that?"

"Ugh!"

At the fierce gaze, Marco shrunk his neck, and Shirone asked Breeze again.

"Why do you need CPR?"

To the conductor who realized the contradiction of WhiteBlack, it was meaningless to distinguish people by law.

"That's...... I can't reveal it."

Even though the effect of the card was related to life and it was a problem directly connected to life, Breeze bit her lips and shook her head.

'Is it a secret that you have to protect with your life?'

Anyway, if she couldn't reveal the reason, Shirone couldn't help her either.

"I can't accept that proposal. I'm sorry."

Ignoring Breeze, who bowed her head with a sad expression, he firmly cast spatial movement.

'I can't help it. Saving Kai is the priority.'

When Shirone arrived at the place he remembered in his head, he immediately found the tree where Kai's corpse was laid.

"What?"

The corpse had disappeared without a trace.
[Translated block]


"It was definitely here."

If the spatial movement was successfully cast, there was no chance of mistaking the place.

"Are you looking for Kai?"

Upon hearing the voice from the bushes, Shiro raised his photon cannon and turned around.

"Come out."

"Wait! Calm down! I'm not looking for a fight!"

The figure that appeared was a short man in his mid-30s with large glasses.

'Is it the ability of the weapon card?'

Otherwise, it wouldn't explain why it hadn't been detected by the spirit zone until now.

"I know what you're thinking."

The man said.

"I'm a detective. My special ability is hiding. When I'm not moving, no one can feel me."

"Where is Kai?"

"I want to make a deal."

The man pulled out a weapon card.

Wind Chime (Function).

Description: The better the performance, the longer the echo lasts.

Effect: You can play back the sound that occurred in a specific area within 2 hours.

"It's a card that suits a detective. I found Kai's body and used the Wind Chime. I heard the sound and knew what happened here. I also know that you've been in contact with the participants in the White Zone. You came here, so you got the CPR, right?"

"What do you want?"

"We're on the same side for now. Because we're black. But you're a conductor, you never know when you'll join them."

It was a foregone conclusion in WhiteBlack that Shiro's side would win.

"So I want to propose. Bring all the cards of the White participants. Then I'll hand over Kai."

He wanted to say kill them all, but if he pushed too hard, it would backfire.

"You must know that the card has an activation area. If I don't reveal where I hid Kai...ugh!"

Shiro's eyes froze.

"Why should I agree to that proposal? Why don't I just ask you here?"

There was no weapon card that could suppress Shiro.

"Well, you have to make a good decision. Kai..."

At the same time as Shiro's eyes bulged, the man pulled out a weapon card.

"You fool! You'll regret it!"

Old Position (Consumption)

Description: Everyone has a time when they think, 'Ah, why did I do that then?'

Effect: Go back to the position an hour ago.

"Activate! Old Position!"

The man's voice echoed in the mountains.

"......"

The man's eyes shook in shock as he looked at his hand, which had suddenly lost its card.

'How, how?'

He couldn't see anything but a flash of light.

"Not everyone can do it."

When he turned around with a blank expression, Shiro was shaking the Old Position card he had snatched from the man.

Only a high-ranking magician could snatch a card while moving instantaneously.

"I have to concentrate so hard that my head is about to explode. So I'm not feeling very good right now."

At Shiro's most terrifying threat, the man backed away with an awkward smile.

"Ahaha, that's..."

"Where is Kai?"

"Darn it!"

A being standing outside the law of WhiteBlack.

That was the definition of a magician that the man realized.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre.

In the landscape of the other world, where structures like the heart of a creature are connected like fruits...

"Hooooo."

Shiro was twisting his waist.

'Is it still far?'

Shiro, who had to maintain the wheel of the void, did not lose his concentration for a moment.

'It seems like it's been about 6 days.'

The moment the entrance to Andre, guarded by Kido, was opened, Shiro activated his bookmark and hid in the other world.

'Has the battle ended?'

The place where he was currently staying was 10 meters underground from Andre in the real world.

The sounds from outside were indirect as if he was submerged in deep water, but now he couldn't even hear that.

'I feel like I'm going to suffocate.'
[Translated block]


10,000 Shirones in each world cannot know the emotions felt by the Shirone here.

However, it was clear that some intuitions beyond the realm of logic continued to rush in through the circuit of insight.

'I'll go crazy if I stay like this.'

The dissatisfaction grew deeper every time complex emotions that were not clearly defined in language accumulated.

'It's the first time this has happened.'

Even when developing God's punishment, Shirone, who had eventually pierced through, was not so suffocating.

"Is this place Andre? It's not much of a surprise."

Shirone suddenly raised his head at the voice coming from the ground.

'Who is it? Is it a key?'

When he got up from his seat and climbed up the uphill road of the back world to the ground, he saw unfamiliar figures.

'Oriental?'

They were people from the East judging by their appearance and attire, and dozens of soldiers were following behind the woman.

'Amazing. That stride is......'

What was felt as a magician's eye was the distance without a single error based on the woman in the lead.

"Princess, I don't feel the presence of humans. Maybe Shirone has already finished exploring the labyrinth?"

'I know.'

Shirone climbed up the bluff of the back world at the words of a man who looked like a master at a glance.

As the view of the real world and the ground coincided, they could closely examine their faces.

"How foolish, Moon Kyung."

It was the party of Sung Eum, who had pulled the space extremely and moved from Jessica to Andre in an instant.

Sung Eum's large pupils moving slowly were clearly visible to Shirone, who was 20 meters away.

"Just because it doesn't catch the senses doesn't mean it doesn't exist. Don't assassins use the blind spots of the senses?"

Moon Kyung knew that the assassin hid his presence with the object equalizing ability.

But it was an absurd word for a warrior who protects the princess of the Jincheon Empire, which is the realm of humans.

"Princess, that Moon Kyung, he's not that dull."

How many assassins who deceive the senses of those who have been granted three steps by the strongest sorcerer, Jin Sung Eum, will there be in the world?

Sung Eum spoke with a sidelong glance.

"Then tell me. Can you tell what color my heart is now? If you get it right, I'll give you a reward."

It was a reward that I really wanted to receive, but Moon Kyung could only tilt his head.

"I don't know what you mean."

"Is that so? Let me show you."

Sung Eum, who turned her body forward, slowly raised her hand.

"Reveal yourself, the one who dwells in the heart."

As Sung Eum's arm moved from left to right, the space of reality fell off in a large cube.

"That, that is......!"

Not only Sambo but also Jix, who was watching from the end, had a shocked expression.

Just like looking at the cross section of a fruit, a completely new landscape unfolded in the place where the space of reality fell off.

"Who are you! Reveal your identity!"

The members of Sambo who found Shirone drew their swords at the same time and took a fighting stance.

But the eyes were still incomprehensible.

'It's impossible. How can there be a person there......'

If the blond boy was an assassin, anyone other than Sambo would have been fooled without a hitch.

"Choeni Bardo, the one who goes between life and death."

Jin Sung Eum immediately grasped the truth of the mystery contained in Shirone's technique.

"Are you Arian Shirone?"

The voice of Sung Eum, which was more excited than usual, was shocking to Moon Kyung.

'The princess... is nervous?'

Shirone's smiling lips also trembled thinly.

'I see. This is the level of the Ivory Tower candidate.'

Even without any explanation, he was convinced just by separating the space of reality and the back.

"Jin Sung Eum."

It was the first confrontation between the candidates for the Ivory Tower.
[Translated block]