


[199] 1. God's Mercy (4)

The statue began to shake as the spot hit by the laser burned and seemed ready to burst.

"How can this be? How can this happen...!"

The executor gritted his teeth. He could neither attack Shirone nor stop the destruction of the statue.

At that moment, a sound of thunder was heard from the sky.

Blue flashes fell in bunches, heating up Shirone's surroundings.

The ground exploded, raising dust.

The executor checked where the lightning came from. A group of fairies was flying from the entrance of the square.

Shirone spotted a fairy in the center of the group at a glance, even from a distance.

She was the only one shining in gold, and her face was also beautiful with makeup.

She was the director of the Divine Management Department, Ee Kirin.

Shirone's friends took positions around her. She felt a tension that she couldn't feel when fighting with the divine people, and her blood ran faster.

The strange thing was that the preemptive attack was electricity.

Electricity was a property close to spirits, so it wasn't something fairies could do.

-Who caused the lightning?

-I don't know yet. But there must be a fairy who can handle friction in the group.

If you rub the charge in the air, you can cause lightning. It also depends on how the charges are arranged, so it's natural that the accuracy is low.

Lian walked out with his great sword drawn.

"Is it a full mobilization of fairy troops? The time has finally come."

Shirone had expected it too. It was normal for the internal affairs officer to come out when she broke the law of heaven.

The divine people stepped aside and opened the way for Ee Kirin.

Bomu also flew confidently and confronted Shirone's party at a distance of 10 meters.

Shirone saw Peope standing at the end of the fairy group.

Unlike other fairies, she was staring blankly ahead with dull eyes. She looked like she didn't know why she had to be here.

Ee Kirin pointed at Shirone's party.

"You are the ones who impersonated Nephilim and entered heaven. That alone is a serious crime, but now you are trying to interfere with the sacred ritual?"

The executor's expression changed in wonder. Did she say they impersonated Nephilim?

But the ability that the boy cast just before was clearly that of an angel. If they weren't Nephilim, how could they handle light?

"Ee Kirin, are you saying that they are heretics? That guy clearly used the power of light."

"Don't be deceived. There is a technology to handle light magic in the land of earth. Besides, others are heretics who don't even need verification. They tried to deceive even fairies like that."

Canis's eyes became fierce.

It seemed that they had investigated them in detail. And Peope came along with them, which meant that she had spilled everything.

"Damn it, I told you I should have left. That fairy betrayed us. She didn't trust us from the beginning."

Peope frowned.

Betrayed? She just followed Ee Kirin's order without thinking. She didn't even know they were there until she arrived.

"Hmph! Yes! I told them everything! You are dead now! You should have behaved properly!"

She didn't care about proving her innocence to humans anyway. Peope rather made up false charges and increased their weakness.

"I didn't betray you."

Shirone said.

"Peope made the right decision. She has no reason to tarnish her beliefs now."

Peope turned her head away with a snort. It was too late to say such things now. She was hurt by their words.

But she had a lot of thoughts in her head.

Right decision. Belief.

They were values that she had never been recognized by her seniors before.

Ee Kirin didn't care. She could split concepts more finely than humans after living for more than 3,000 years.
[Translated block]


If humans can list love in a hundred ways, she could probably distinguish it in ten thousand ways.

When she reached that level, every event became independent.

She was not a thief just because she broke into someone else's house.

She was not a thief even if she broke the lock of that house.

She might not be a thief even if she entered inside and picked up something. She was only a thief when she came out with the thing she picked up.

It was a cognitive ability that was impossible for humans who tried to judge the whole from a part of the event.

In that sense, the conversation between Shirone and Peope was also an independent event from the current situation.

"I am Lee Giri, the head of the Divine Management Department, the fairy of authority. You are guilty of entering heaven by impersonating Nephilim, a heretic. You are also guilty of interfering with the Elixir of Unity. I will reduce your lifespan to zero."

Shirone's forehead wrinkled.

"Is it always like this? Do you kill people just because you don't like them? The Elixir of Unity is the same. Why do you push the divine people to death?"

"You were born from giants. What's so unfair about going back to them?"

"Nonsense. No parent asks their child to return their flesh."

"Spreading seeds on the ground is for harvesting them. The reason why living things die is to give food to other living things. You are also bound by this law."

"Spreading seeds is for producing new seeds. The reason why living things die is to give opportunities to other living things. Humans prosper like this. Life without meaning is no different from being dead."

Lee Giri let out a sigh mixed with sorrow. Why was this intuition never wrong? It was not a coincidence that he saw Miro's face passing by Shirone.

"You are a heretic indeed. A human who should not be associated with. What are you doing! Start the Elixir of Unity right now!"

As if he had waited for Lee Giri's command, the executioner moved.

When he pulled the switch, black water began to rise in ten glass beads.

"Damn it! There's no time! We have to stop it now!"

Lian and Tess ran to destroy the statue.

Lee Giri raised his hand and directed the fairies.

"Attack! Don't let them approach!"

Shirone's party entered combat mode.

Arin disconnected from the mental resonance, leaving only the channel connected to the party. Lee Giri's mental resonance was spread throughout, so there was no need to interpret.

The elemental of shooting started the preemptive attack. When she reached out her hand, air popped out as if a hole had been pierced in the atmosphere.

Small and hard chunks of gas hit Shirone's party's bodies.

It was not enough to penetrate their bodies, but they were invisible and there were too many numbers to fight back.

"Back off!"

Canis erected a shadow wall. The air bullets made a sound like hail falling as they hit the surface of the shadow wall.

At that moment, a sharp noise came from the sky.

The elemental of friction generated static electricity and struck lightning, and Habist took it.

The flashing lightning struck continuously, but it did not work on magic creatures.

"Hehehe! Does it feel good? Is it a new massage magic?"

Amy, who leaned her back against the shadow wall barrier, lifted a jack-o-lantern over her palm.

The fireball that flew into the sky increased to dozens and indiscriminately bombed the front.

Jack-o-lantern's unique ability, fake fireworks, meant that there were only three real flames. But unless they knew which one was real, they could only feel fear from the receiving end.

Amy's bombing dispersed the fairies, and Canis finally put away the shadow wall.

With an open view, Arin quickly located the fairies and suggested a strategy through the mental channel.

-If fairies are mental beings, I have a way. I can catch them with mental shock.

Shirone thought it sounded plausible.
[Translated block]


```text
In a battle of magic against magic, there is an element of compatibility, but the fairies would have no chance against a direct attack on their minds.

-Can you do it? There are a lot of them.

-I'm going to cast a wide-area mental shock. It consumes a lot of mental power, but I can do it once. Just lure the fairies to me. It's a 20-meter radius around me.

It was a difficult task to gather all the fairies, but if they could succeed in half of it, they could secure the victory of the battle.

"Okay! Let's split up!"

The individual battles began.

The fairies' abilities were not easy either. Most of them had concepts specialized for combat, as if they had anticipated the fight.

But it was rather a good thing for those who were luring them, if the enemies were strong.

"Huh? Huh?"

Among the battlefield where all kinds of magic were flying, only Peope was flying around without knowing what to do.

It was her first real battle, and the power of the magic that came and went was different from hers.

A flash of light flashed and approached Peope.

Startled, Peope raised both hands and prepared to use Naseon's ability.

Sirone also reflexively equipped a photon cannon.

They recognized each other's faces belatedly and their eyes shook.

Peope bit her lip and couldn't make a decision. Then Sirone canceled the photon cannon and turned his body.

Peope looked at him with a puzzled look, but he said nothing and ran towards another fairy.

Peope's head drooped sadly.

-Arin! I can't do this anymore! This is my limit!

It was almost impossible to gather the fairies in one place because they had flying abilities.

But the magicians of Sirone's party were also excellent in movement, so they could lure more than half of them into the area.

-That's enough!

Movement is a combination of time and space.

The moment when a fairy entered the area for less than a second was the only timing for Arin to cast magic.

Arin crouched down and touched the ground with both hands. Her shadow expanded like a sinkhole, and five fairies sensed danger and flew their bodies.

But it was already too late.

A mental wave burst out with a bang, and dirt flew up all at once.

The fairies lost their balance and shook, then stopped their wings like they had drunk insecticide and fell down with a thud.

As half of their power flew away, the fairies' morale dropped and they started to scream and run away.

Habist chased them away with his nails while Rian and Tes succeeded in breaking through Kergoin's encirclement and turning the switch back to normal.

The liquid that had risen by about one-third was sucked back into the tank, lowering the water level of the glass beads.

The subjects sighed with relief.

But that would be torture as well. A glimmer of hope is nothing but another word for almost absolute despair.

"Sirone! Now! Smash it with a laser!"

Sirone had already finished preparing.

If the statue was destroyed, Ilhwa's alcohol would stop. No one could stop him now that the fairies were annihilated.

Sirone's laser emitted a red light when Igirin's voice permeated the battlefield.

"I command you by God's subordination, you who have no authority in this world, kneel before me."

A surprising thing happened as soon as the incantation ended.

As if the world had turned off, all humans knelt down. Sirone's party was no exception.

Sirone knelt down on his knees and was bewildered. He tried to stand up by putting strength in his legs, but his body was heavy as if he had become an elephant.

Words poured out from the mental channel.

-What happened? I can't stand up.

-He said he was an authority fairy. What does this have to do with authority?

-This is not a simple magic. This is an irregularity.

Sirone also thought that it couldn't be an irregularity if it wasn't for this result.

Then how does it work?
```
[Translated block]


It was not a command. It was impossible to make hundreds of people kneel down just by throwing a word.

Unlike Shiro's party, the believers did not resist at all. They just looked up at Egi with a look of awe.

Egi walked leisurely through the crowd of believers and approached the statue. And he pulled the switch himself.

As the liquid began to rise again in the glass bead, the subjects closed their eyes tightly.

The sobbing of their families was heard somewhere.

Is there anything else I can do for you?
[Translated block]