


[407] Final Decision (7)

The group left the space-time of the maze and gathered in Alpheus's secret room.

Gabold was lost in thought with his legs crossed and his knees on his hands.

He was disappointed that he couldn't see the maze, but that wasn't the most important thing right now.

"The final war may come sooner than expected. Then we have to move faster. Gangnan is coming to Galliant. One more person may or may not come, but now is the time to make a choice."

Gabold said to Shirone.

"If the final war breaks out, those who fight against the enemy will be heroes. But if you follow us now, you will be a traitor who will bring forward the final war."

Hero or traitor, it didn't matter to Shirone.

If Gabold, a skilled person, was risking his life for the operation, Shirone's chances of survival would be less than 1 percent.

"How long can you give me if you give me time?"

"We're leaving for Galliant tonight. Of course, we'll wait until Gangnan arrives, but it won't be more than two days at most. If you decide to go to heaven, come to Galliant. The school problem will be taken care of by Yeong-gam. Well, what's the use of that on the way to die."

Gabold did not hesitate to reveal the danger.

He needed Shirone's ability, but if he jumped in with a half-hearted determination, it would be better not to have him on the team.

It would be useless to take a cowardly kid who couldn't do anything and get annihilated.

Armin took a step closer to Gabold.

He followed him even after confirming the space-time of the maze because he wanted to fulfill the contract.

"Shiina does not go to heaven."

"Ah, that was the contract. Okay. Shiina, you can't go to heaven. You're out of the team from now on."

Shiina shook her head.

If that was why Armin came, and if that was all Gabold had hired him for, it was a humiliating thing for a public 5th-class mage.

"Why do I have to follow someone else's opinion instead of the team? I'm going to heaven."

"Is that so? Then the contract is over."

Light burst out from Armin's bandage.

Keira swallowed her saliva at the blade-like fighting spirit.

"I'm not in the mood for jokes. It would be better to fulfill the contract properly. If you want to go to heaven in good shape."

He revealed his identity knowing that Shiina would be hurt, just to stop her from going to heaven.

Rescue Miro? Nonsense.

Armin of the Human Safety Enforcement Department knew better than anyone about the power of heaven.

Gabold was a freak among Red Line 1st class who specialized only in combat, but even if he attacked with full force, it was doubtful whether he could handle even one ordinary angel, let alone an archangel.

Of course, it's not impossible.

There is nothing absolute in combat, and if a thin variable grows like a snowball, it may be possible to break it with strategy and tactics.

But the enemies of heaven are different from anything in the human world.

If they collide with insufficient information, the winner will be determined by nothing but simple logic of power.

That's why Ivory Tower and Temple are focusing on postponing the final war until they get as much information as possible.

Gabold retorted grimly.

"What do you want me to do? I don't ask for favors. I'm not a parasite like you. Even if I don't take her with me, Shiina will come to heaven on her own."

Armin's jaw clenched.

"Watch your mouth, Gabold. If you want to die, go and die alone. Your madness is nothing but a nuisance to the world."

"Oh, I'm sorry for being a nuisance. But do you know what really pisses me off? Why do you forget about the nuisance that the world has caused me when you say that? I suffered alone, but you guys are sharing it with all humanity. Don't whine too much. It makes me sick to hear it."

Armin snorted.

"The nuisance that the world has caused you? No, you're just a madman who is captivated by ugly desires. Can you really say that Miro had no choice? The Day of Judgment of 20 people......"
[Translated block]
"Armin, you're lying to me. You don't care about me at all. You only care about your mission and your research. You used me as a tool to get closer to the labyrinth. How could you do this to me?"

Sydney said, her voice trembling with anger and hurt.

She looked at Armin with tears in her eyes, feeling betrayed and abandoned.

She couldn't believe that he had been married to someone else all this time, and that he had kept it a secret from her.

She had loved him with all her heart, and had trusted him with her life.

She had followed him to the labyrinth, hoping to find a way to save the world from the impending doom.

But now she realized that he had never loved her back, and that he had only used her as a pawn in his scheme.

She felt a surge of hatred and resentment towards him, and wanted to hurt him as much as he had hurt her.

She clenched her fists, ready to unleash her spirit zone on him.

But before she could do anything, she felt a hand on her shoulder.

She turned around and saw Sein, his golden eyes shining with concern and compassion.

"Sydney, calm down. I know you're angry and confused, but you have to listen to reason. Armin is not your enemy. He's one of us. He's trying to save the world, just like you. He made a mistake, but he's not a bad person. He cares about you, more than you know. Please, don't do anything rash. Give him a chance to explain himself."

Sein said, trying to soothe her.

He knew how Sydney felt, because he had been in her position before.

He had also been deceived by someone he loved, and had almost lost his sanity in the process.

He had learned the hard way that revenge was not the answer, and that forgiveness was the only way to heal.

He hoped that Sydney would be able to see that too, and not let her anger consume her.

He looked at Armin, who was still standing there, frozen in shock and guilt.

He felt sorry for him, but also angry at him for hurting Sydney so much.

He wished he could have prevented this from happening, but it was too late now.

He could only hope that Armin would be able to redeem himself, and that Sydney would be able to forgive him.

He knew that they were both important for the mission, and that they had to work together as a team.

He also knew that they were both important for him, as his friends and comrades.

He didn't want to lose either of them, especially not over something like this.

He tightened his grip on Sydney's shoulder, and whispered in her ear.

"Sydney, please. Trust me. I'm here for you. I won't let anything happen to you. But you have to calm down. You have to listen to Armin. You have to give him a chance. Please."
[Translated block]


Cold breath leaked out of Siina's lips.

A sham marriage? A guardian?

Is he saying that right now?

'How hard I was, how hard I was...'

Every night, she vowed to forget. Shivering with loneliness, desperately suppressing the desire to take away, he wished him to live happily with Kira.

But is it a lie?

He lied to me, acted like a loving couple in front of me, and said that everything was for me?

"Siina, if you want to be angry, you can be angry. But..."

"No, I'll talk."

Siina cut off his words with her hand.

There must have been a reason. No, even if there wasn't, she had no right to be angry with Armin.

She could imagine what kind of life he had lived, who had lost both eyes to save Siina.

"Brother, you are my savior. Even if you lied to me for some reason, the fact that you gave me a new life doesn't change."

Armin clenched his mouth and raised his eyebrows.

You don't have to be grateful.

If you want, I can take out my heart right now. Siina, if only you want it.

Siina approached Armin and hugged his waist.

Even though she was in the arms of the man she had longed for so much, her heart was only numb as if she had been whipped.

"Thank you, brother. I'll never forget it for the rest of my life. I will always appreciate the life you gave me and live on. But now we are adults. We can't treat each other with just the feelings of our childhood. Stop it now, leave me alone. That's the last wish I have for you."

"Siina..."

Armin cried in his soul.

It was miserable that he couldn't even shed tears because he had no pupils.

I have to leave. If that's what Siina wants, I can do anything.

And he will wait. Because there might be a little whim that makes him miss him.

Even if he doesn't, he will wait for his whole life.

"Yeah, I'll do as you say. Brother can do anything you want."

Armin tried to stroke Siina's cheek and turned around with a regretful fist.

"Let's go."

"Armin, you don't..."

Kira shouted something at Siina with a serious expression, but Armin's flicker magic was faster.

With a crackle and sparks, the two hid their appearance.

The flicker magic that transcended space even in a sealed place reminded him of his unrockerim again.

Gaold spoke with an excited expression.

"Let's summarize it for the last time. I can't guarantee that Kangnan will succeed in casting, but if he brings it, there is no problem with the utility side. The strategy range will also increase if Shirone comes in. The dealer is enough for me and Siina. Sein takes care of crowd control, manipulation system 1 person, exploration system 1 person."

Plu felt infinite pride in his position being mentioned.

Originally, it was a project that an official 8th-class magician had no chance of getting involved in. But on the contrary, it meant that the team's power leakage was severe.

As expected, Gaold was not satisfied.

I don't expect to make a cage level, but shouldn't we at least have a color to do the job?

"I think we need a hitman anyway. If we can definitely eliminate one target, the tactical operation range will be huge. Where can I find a decent killer? A guy who knows how to ring a bell properly."

Sein said.

"Where do you get such a guy all of a sudden? Didn't you have a magic swordsman or something in your guard?"

"He's missing. He's probably dead. Anyway, think about it once in a while. A guy who can definitely eliminate one target even if he dies himself. A guy who doesn't need to worry about his back even if he dies. In other words, a guy who is crazy about wanting to die."

"You're asking too much."

"If one fails, I won't get it. We are a suicide squad. Those who follow us hoping for compensation are only minus for the team."
[Translated block]


Etelra said.

"How about looking for a certified knight? If it's a famous swordsman, the skill is certain."

"No. The guys who follow their beliefs are unnecessarily burning. We're not going to war. Hitman is perfect for focusing on labyrinth recovery."

Sain checked the time and said.

"Let's go to Galliant first. There might be someone who uses a sword in the Kergo autonomous district."

Then Shiina raised her hand.

"Excuse me, what about a knight without faith?"

Everyone's eyes turned to Shiina.

Gaold frowned as if to say what he was talking about, then asked.

"A knight without faith? Can you call that a knight? Well, anyway, it doesn't matter. But why?"

"There's one person. A person who knows how to ring properly."
[Translated block]