


[682] Offering Flowers (2)

* * *

The interior of the self-sustaining living flower, which absorbs photons, is compartmentalized with a thick iron membrane, just like the cells of actual plants.

This is because the material called light mineral itself mimics the genetic mechanism of living organisms, so as growth progresses, the cells grow or differentiate.

It could also be said to be a machine that far surpasses human engineering knowledge in that it even creates complex and precise devices, such as the heart, liver, nerves, and bones, by repeating cell division, just like human cells.

Therefore, it was not surprising that the door opened automatically when Luphyst arrived in front of the cockpit of the living flower.

Inside the hexagonal space of 40 square meters, numerous wires, display devices, and calculation devices that enable highly precise interception were busy operating.

Ignoring the ten black and white people guarding Plarino, Luphyst moved his steps.

"It's been a while, Plarino."

There was a time when we faced each other at the negotiation table set up through the secret channel of the Torumia Kingdom 10 years ago.

"Yes, Luphyst."

Plarino's expression was cold.

"The world doesn't go as planned. I hoped you wouldn't become the president of the Magic Association."

It was almost a disaster for the Radum Ains, who could be called the representative right-wing in the kingdom, to take control of the kingdom's power.

"World affairs. That means there's a favor. Isn't it that someone succeeds because someone fails?"

It was no coincidence that Mikea Gaold, classified as a core figure of the left, took the seat of the president of the association despite the worries of politicians.

At that time, he was devoted to the Heaven Project, and the terror problem in his country, based on Radum, was just a side issue.

"So you're going to pick the flower?"

The thought of handing over the living flower that had been raised for decades to the kingdom made Plarino's stomach churn.

"No. How much is this to pick it easily?"

Luphyst pulled up the iron battery as he spread the spirit zone.

"I have to pull it out to the root."

"Protect the minister!"

The black and white female squad scattered into the shadows.

The gray skin of the black and white people becomes transparent in the dark, making it excellent for night protection.

Also, the fact that women's physical abilities do not fall behind men was suitable for protecting the psychology of the flower tribe.

'Dark magic.'

The shadow expanded like water, filling the room.

The light disappeared in the power that swallows up shining magic, and in the perfect darkness, several black and white people approached Luphyst.

'The best protection is to eliminate the risk factors.'

Assassination.

The movement of those who boast of equalizing, which perfectly blends into the darkness, was difficult to capture even with the sympathetic sense of the spirit zone.

'I killed him!'

Four knives silently cut through Luphyst's body.

'Isn't there anything caught?'

The feeling of fingertips disappeared, and the nervous system was exiled out of control as if the block was separated.

"Are you stupid?"

The bodies of the black and white people, divided into dozens of pieces, rolled on the floor.

"What do you do if you rush to the knife?"

Iron is something to avoid, not a target of attack.

'That guy...!'

The black and white people hiding in the shadows shed tears of blood at the death of their fellow tribesmen, but they never revealed their whereabouts.

Technically, it was excellent, but their patience was not superhuman.

"I'll kill you!"

Just as the remaining black and white people were about to rush to death, Plarino raised his hand and shouted.

"Stop it!"

"Minister! But...!"

"Luphyst is not an easy opponent. Leave it to me."

Although he showed a strong appearance, he could not guarantee how long he could withstand the magician of steel without blood or tears.

"Hand over the control of the living flower."

"I propose. Please provide a place where the Ain species of Radum can reside. Then I will give up the interception."

"No."
[Translated block]


It was not a small loss to set up a separate facility for the Ain tribe in the Kingdom of Thormia.

'Jane will do it.'

Luphist trusted Jane's abilities.

"Do you want to see blood even though there is a way to solve it peacefully?"

"Peace?"

When Luphist spread his palm, the metallic quality as sharp as a knife blade rotated like a storm.

"Do you think you guys are human?"

When he swung his arm, the gray metal spread like mercury and aimed at Flarino's neck.

"Minister!"

The black shadow hugged her and fell to the ground, and the fragments split in the air exploded and penetrated into the darkness.

The remaining black shadows revealed their bodies outside the shadow following the scream.

"What's different between us and you!"

Flarino, who was lying on the floor, shouted in a miserable voice.

"We also have emotions, culture, and history! We can share love, joy, and sorrow! But why are you only trying to reject us!"

"First, you guys don't pay taxes."

Luphist moved again.

"Second, you guys don't give birth to humans. It means that you are not eligible for national registration. It may be effective in the short term to incorporate it into slave labor or public offerings, but in the long term, supporting you guys will eventually become a burden on the kingdom. It's a financial waste that's different from raising a pet dog or livestock."

Flarino whimpered.

"And finally, third."

Luphist looked down at her with cold eyes.

"Our proud Thormia citizens who pay taxes, produce children, and provide labor force, hate you. So just disappear from the world. It's comfortable for humans without you."

Flarino's shoulders trembled.

"How can you be so cruel? Just for that reason... can you kill a life?"

"Just for that reason?"

Luphist kicked Flarino's chin.

"Minister!"

The only remaining black shadow quickly supported her.

The moment he saw Flarino's trembling eyes in shock, the black shadow gave up rushing to Luphist.

'It's a big deal. Passive desire is being expressed.'

The fire tribe is strong, but the aggressiveness is only a small part like a carnivorous plant.

Even Flarino, who could refuse others' desires through bloody training, was nothing more than a single flower in front of the authority of the Magic Association.

When Luphist, who moved his taste again, approached Flarino again and created a storm of blades, he pressed the cancel button on the energy output device display, and a window asking for a code popped up.

"Cut off your limbs first."

"You bastard!"

The last remaining black shadow's face, who jumped up and rushed, was cut by the storm of blades and fell to the side.

"If you want to die comfortably, give me the code. I'm not a major in torture, but I guarantee you won't last a minute."

She was so scared that she lost her reason.

"Do you know how many fire tribes have been sacrificed?"

The scent of the fire tribe filled the room.

"We were possessed by humans, sold when we got tired, used by new humans again, and then we withered from stress. Humans even have pity for street dogs! But why don't you reach out to us!"

"Do I know what, your situation?"

Flarino closed her mouth with a sad expression.

"Do you know that there is no history of parents who had to watch their children pour boiling water on their necks? We didn't get it for free. People are always full of complaints. Equality is rare, and not everyone can be happy. But even to build such a crude system, many human sacrifices followed. It's a system made by humans, only for the happiness of humans. But what do you guys who don't help at all suddenly appear and ask to join?"

Rather, Flarino's heart became cold again at Luphist's attitude that did not allow emotions.

"Lastly."

Luphist kicked Flarino's chin.

"Minister!"

The only remaining black shadow quickly supported her.

Seeing Flarino's eyes trembling in shock, the black shadow gave up rushing to Luphist.

'It's a big deal. The desire for passivity is being expressed.'

The fire tribe is strong, but the aggressiveness is only a small part like a carnivorous plant.

Even Flarino, who could refuse others' desires through bloody training, was nothing more than a single flower in front of the authority of the Magic Association.

When Luphist, who moved his taste again, approached Flarino again and created a storm of blades, he pressed the cancel button on the energy output device display, and a window asking for a code popped up.

"Cut off your limbs first."

"You bastard!"

The last remaining black shadow's face, who jumped up and rushed, was cut by the storm of blades and fell to the side.

"If you want to die comfortably, give me the code. I'm not a major in torture, but I guarantee you won't last a minute."

She was so scared that she lost her reason.

"Do you know how many fire tribes have been sacrificed?"

The scent of the fire tribe filled the room.

"We were possessed by humans, sold when we got tired, used by new humans again, and then we withered from stress. Humans even have pity for street dogs! But why don't you reach out to us!"

"Do I know what, your situation?"

Flarino closed her mouth with a sad expression.

"Do you know that there is no history of parents who had to watch their children pour boiling water on their necks? We didn't get it for free. People are always full of complaints. Equality is rare, and not everyone can be happy. But even to build such a crude system, many human sacrifices followed. It's a system made by humans, only for the happiness of humans. But what do you guys who don't help at all suddenly appear and ask to join?"

Rather, Flarino's heart became cold again at Luphist's attitude that did not allow emotions.
[Translated block]
"Regret it. You'll see what your selfishness leads to."

A flower deity bloomed from Flarino.

The room seemed to brighten as the lineage of the Violet Tiara, rumored to be the most beautiful among the flower tribes, revealed itself.

'I should capture it alive if possible.'

Flarino should be kept alive for the sake of Jane, who would handle it anyway, just in case.

'Because it's a waste to destroy a living flower.'

The cost of repairing the control device was astronomical if it was damaged.

"Watch carefully."

Flarino's flower deity dissolved into a powder of light and emitted a strong light like a neuron.

"The anger of the flowers trampled by humans!"

Flower deity technique - Microcosm creation.

* * *

"Miss Jane!"

Aria, who was suffering from severe infection symptoms, jerked her upper body.

The current state of her, who is connected to Jane through mental resonance, was conveyed as if she was experiencing it directly.

"What's going on?"

"It's a vampire! A powerful one!"

Kuan's expression became serious.

There was no one but the pure-blooded vampire Lyca in the leadership of Spectrum who could push Jane to this extent.

"Please go, Mr. Kuan! Miss Jane can't exert her original strength."

It was hard to beat Lyca while resonating with a sick person and in a state of mental resonance.

"I can't. My mission is to protect you."

If Aria was attacked while going into the living flower, the code would disappear.

Since the water attack was self-evident, even if Jane died, Aria had to be protected.

"But! Miss Jane is……."

She felt guilty because she chose a difficult path to save Aria instead of an easy one.

"When Miss Jane dies, then I will take you to the living flower."

Kuan, who spat out coldly, looked back at the living flower and gritted his teeth.

'Please be safe…….'

* * *

The dark smoke that was released rushed down the corridor and transformed into a human shape in front of Jane.

Even before the shape was fully formed, Lyca's palm struck Jane's solar plexus, and a massive shock wave of shock penetrated her body.

"Cough!"

Her body did not move back a step, but it felt as if her life had flown to the universe.

With a thud, she knelt down, swayed forward as if she was going to fall forward, and fell backwards and hit the back of her head.

"It's annoyingly persistent."

Lyca clicked her tongue as she looked down at Jane, who had died with her eyes open.

Around them were the bodies of their vampire followers, dissolving into black smoke.

They were not pure-blooded, but they were powerful souls in their own right.

The fact that Jane, who had manipulated seven such vampires through mental control, could not be underestimated was the most annoying.

"Anyway, it's over."

When Lyca turned around, flapping her cloak, her figure disappeared in an instant.

-...!

Aria's voice seeped into the brain of the dead Jane.

-Miss Jane! Miss Jane!

'Mission.'

A faint light of life began to glow in the dead pupils.

The heart did not beat, but there was still about 20 seconds left to reach brain death.

'Chairman.'

The belated lantern passed by, and Jane slowly raised her hand.

'For the country and the people…….'

It was amazing to concentrate with a dying brain, but it was not comparable to the realm of self-destruction, which is said to be the most difficult for a wizard.

She, who had gathered the magic of the wind at her fingertips, stabbed her stomach and grabbed her heart directly.

'I can't die yet!'

When she cast a mental transcendence, a mental magic, her physical strength exceeded the limit of her body and contracted her heart.

"Ugh!"

As the blood circulated, the body function gradually returned, but the contraction of the heart was not a level that could be maintained with a woman's grip.

'I need to regain control of the living flower.'

Feeling the sensation of her wrist muscles tearing, Jane leaned against the wall of the corridor and moved her steps.
[Translated block]