


[770] Breaking (5)

As the spear of light pierced the celestial knight, the ground rippled like waves.

The power of the breaking was not released because the mass was adjusted, but the speed was much faster.

"Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
[Translated block]


"Ugh......"

Shirone looked at Wigo with a pitiful expression.

'I didn't want to use it on others.'

It was a means to counter Nane's void.

'The integration of explosion and earth.'

Shirone's super-perception can sense ideas and handle all the information in the world in an integrated manner.

'That's the mouth.'

And now, through resonance, it has reached the stage where it shakes the world by vibrating all that information.

"If you can shake the world."

If the timeline of the world we live in goes back and forth between point A and point B endlessly.

"The past and the future overlap."

As the present disappears, this world unravels into a world of probabilities without any fixed values.

"Therefore, there is no future that must come, nor a past that can never be returned."

A kind of time slip.

"Creating a phenomenon that goes back in time."

Shirone, who was making a sad face, appeared in Wigo's eyes, slowly raising his head.

"This is what I stood against Nane's void......"

Although it is still insufficient.

"It was the only way to save the whole."

Wigo's face turned sad, and clear tears flowed down his cheeks.

'What have I done?'

The Yahweh of filial piety.

He was a person who carried the burden of not being able to tolerate even a single misfortune in the world.

'Father.'

The depth of enlightenment is not everything.

'I was foolish.'

When he realized how broad Shirone's mind was, he began to feel ashamed of his narrow mind.

"Go to Zion."

Shirone reached out his hand.

"It was a great incarnation. Let's fight together. This world needs people like you."

"Ah......"

Finally, the words came out.

"Thank you."

Seeing Wigo crying, the cousins also closed their mouths as if they had realized something.

Minerva said.

"Do you think it's just a second?"

Garcia didn't think so, but he couldn't deny it when he heard it.

"You can't save the whole by repeating the moment. Nor can you eliminate all evil. But......"

Minerva thought of Veron.

"A man threw a question to this world and left. Can humans really change the future with their will?"

"The Veron problem. If the result is already determined by the law, then Nane's void is also correct."

"That's why it's not just a second."

Shirone's answer to the Veron problem was 'yes'.

"He destroyed the predetermined future. He threw a challenge to Nane's enlightenment."

If the future can be destroyed.

"We have entered a stage where we cannot know whether the world is really suffering until we go to the end."

Shirone approached Wigo, supporting him.

"You'll be fine once you get some rest."

As the cousins took Wigo away, Shirone turned to Minerva and said.

"Let's stop here. We've wasted too much time."

Garcia approached.

"Thank you on behalf of Wigo. Please come to us anytime if there is anything we can help with."

Minerva squinted her eyes.

"Hey! You've never said that to me? You dare to cover the five elements with the title of a mere Magic Association president?"

'You have to be human to treat you.'

Shirone looked at Minerva and hated her even more.

"I'm glad Wigo is safe. It's good to have one more person to help Zion."

Garcia spoke his mind for the first time.

"Yes. Currently, Gustav's movements are not normal, and the Holy War is recruiting talents from all over the world. I am also thinking of applying to Valkyrie soon."

"You? The president of the association?"

"It's not confirmed yet, I'm thinking of taking the test. It's time to join forces. Of course, I'm not saying I didn't think about my personal career or the honor of the kingdom."

"Oh, that's natural."

Not everyone had to be Yahweh.

'If you're the world's best fire magician, you'll easily pass the test. Maybe it's a free pass.'
[Translated block]


Shirone did not show any color.

"I hope for a good result. I look forward to seeing you again someday."

It was what Garcia wanted to say.

"I will wish you luck."

The jet carrying Shirone spewed terrifying flames and cut through the sky at Mach speed.

Shirone, who had been watching the temple quickly recede, turned to Minerva.

"We're going to the Ivory Tower, right?"

"We have to. Time vibration is a disaster in itself. Maybe something will come out. Then it seems like it will be a few days before we leave for Cassan?"

"Why does it take so long for something to come out?"

"You'll know when you hear it."

I didn't want to get involved with Terraphos.

"Instead, I'll take care of the trivial issues. There's also the Nam Eimond case, and the registration of the 'Law Bullet'."

"Register the 'Law Bullet'?"

A satellite that cannot find a satellite can register one more thing in the Ivory Tower besides itself.

"Even if it's to punish the wicked, it's a super-killer weapon. You have to register it in the Ivory Tower to use it freely. Otherwise, there will be a lot of backlash worldwide."

"Ah ha."

"I'll leave the 'Law Bullet' to you. Maybe it's just found its rightful owner...."

It was an uncharacteristically sentimental remark.

'Well, for Minerva, the 'Law Bullet' is....'

It was not easy to give a thing full of terrible pain and ugly past to others.

"But what's your wish?"

"Huh?"

"You lost the bet. What's your wish?"

Minerva grinned.

"You seem to be expecting subtly?"

Shirone firmly shook her head.

"No way. It's better to get hit quickly. I don't think it's a normal wish anyway."

What could a satellite wish for?

"Hmm, okay."

Minerva, who turned from the jet, looked at Shirone's lips with a honey-dripping gaze.

"What about this?"

When Shirone shuddered, Minerva spread two fingers.

"I'll give you a choice. Something you can do right here and now, and something you can only do later. Choose."

'Something you can do right here and now?'

As Shirone swallowed her saliva and listed it in her head, she said,

"Something you can only do later. So it doesn't include something you can do now but postpone until later?"

"You're cunning. Of course, most of the things I like can be done here. But what about marriage? You can't do that here, can you?"

"......Are you sane?"

Minerva laughed coolly.

"It's a joke. Anyway, okay. It's decided to be something you can only do later! You promised me?"

"I have to know what it is."

While the jet was piercing the clouds, Minerva was lost in thought with a distant look in her eyes.

"Time vibration "

"Huh?"

"If someday...... really you have a chance to save everyone......"

At the unprecedented serious voice, Shirone listened, but she quickly shook her head.

"I'd better keep it. That way, you'll be more attached, right? I'll tell you when the time comes."

"What is it? What is it?"

The reason Minerva kept silent was for Shirone, not her.

'You won't accept it.'

Life is pain.

Although she was traveling with Shirone, her essence was closer to Nane's philosophy.

'Don't save me, Shirone.'

That was what she really wanted to ask.

"Oh, really! If you keep doing this, I'll consider the wish as nothing! It's not like you're raising people's hopes."

At Shirone's grumbling, a smile naturally formed, but there were droplets in her eyes.

'I have to wipe it off.'

The witch's heart that can never be cleaned.

'I have to wipe it off with moonlight.'

The view of the Akkad desert in the northern continent was approaching as they passed the Mediterranean.
[Translated block]