


[573] Reaction and Response (5)

As steam-like smoke rose from Prings' body, Dorothy canceled her victory pose and took a defensive stance.

'Hickory defense tendency 100 percent.'

Feeling a distorted hostility that could not be natural, Dorothy unknowingly activated the algorithm.

"Dorothy, you're a strange woman."

The moment she saw Prings' eyes, who had gotten up, Dorothy's soul began to scream like crazy.

It was a coldness that did not exist in the world.

"You seem to have no thoughts, but in reality, you are thinking a lot. Tell me, how scared are you now?"

Dorothy bit her lips until they bled.

"In fact, are you scared to death? You're afraid you might die to me. Well, you're always scared."

"I... have no thoughts."

"Is that so? Did you think I would just pass if you said you had no thoughts?"

Prings spread his hands in a floating posture.

'Ice Demon.'

Behind him, dozens of grotesque ice pillars like spider legs sprouted like blades.

'I'm dying. I'm dying.'

Dorothy's body trembled.

"The expressionless face is a mask to hide the scared child. Was it so interesting, the body of an adult?"

Prings, the president of the Hide and Seek Research Society, had figured out Dorothy's life.

"Tell me. What do you imagine? What kind of expression are you making?"

Dorothy's lips trembled.

"If you won't tell me......"

Prings' mouth tore grotesquely.

"I'll pull out the child inside you."

As Dorothy's head turned pale and her body shivered as if struck by lightning.

-Mimesis algorithm activation. Emergency escape.

As a shock came into the wizard's brain, Hickory switched to automatic mode and ran away into the forest with Dorothy.

"......"

Kwaddddd!

The spikes of the Ice Demon shattered and fell to the ground.

"Hehehe."

Prings, who covered his face with his hand, slowly regained his breath.

"It's a shame. I wanted to see you scream."

When he returned to his greasy face, he held Scrumble in his hand and shouted white, and the Three-Party Association (○●○) was completed.

'It's worth a try.'

He muttered as he parted the bushes, checking the status of the master card.

"Now, who should I destroy?"

* * *

"Huff! Huff!"

Dorothy, who had entered the deep forest, spat out rough breaths, leaning on a tree stump.

Hickory, who had deactivated the Mimesis algorithm, was looking at her with a smiling face, but it didn't feel as pleasant as before.

"Hic!"

She had completely collapsed due to Prings' creepy energy and had run away without even thinking about confiscating Scrumble.

"What should I do......"

Dorothy sat down powerlessly and shed tears.

"I've been caught."

She was caught.

The child hiding in an adult's body.

* * *

Hershey, who checked the master card, looked at Shiro's current hand, ○●○●ⓡ.

'It's strange.'

It was a question that had been raised since he lost to Shiro with Kang yesterday.

The reason he responded to Shiro's Kang with ●●●○ (Dictator) in his hand was because all of Shiro's hands were ⓡⓡⓡⓡ.

There is no reason to call Pao if the dictator is also the second strongest hand in the 4th stage.

But the result is ○●○● (Democracy).

Of course, it is statistically correct to open four random cards and have black and white at equal rates.

'No, probability is not like that.'

It feels non-probabilistic to be too probabilistic.

'I'm also worried about what Kaiden said yesterday.'

Also, the fifth card also chose random.

'It feels like you're not afraid of a full hand. If you build up wrong, you can only self-destruct in the 6th stage.'

It was a situation where both sides had finished the experiment to hang Kang on each other.

'Do you think it's more important to hide one card than to self-destruct in a state where democracy is already open?'
[Translated block]


After finishing his thoughts, Hershey sent a call signal.

His current hand is ●●(heresy). It was a hand that wouldn't be regrettable even if it was broken for the experiment.

'Tomorrow, I will eliminate Shiro from the game.'

* * *

Scramble Royale Day 3.

At the place where the scramble was summoned, Shiro met Kaiden again.

'Why of all things…….'

Kaiden's hand is ○○○(religion).

One chose ○(white) and two were ⓡⓡ(random) open to form a hand.

'It's a hard hand to develop.'

So it wasn't a very pleasant situation for Shiro.

If Kaiden raises Kang, his hand, ●○●○●(revolution), will be revealed, and from then on, he can only be suspected.

"That's it."

Kaiden stood his cross sword vertically and said.

"I'll kill you today."

Shiro was quite relieved at Kaiden's attitude, who didn't even think about Kang.

'In some ways, it's amazing.'

It felt like seeing Lian in Kaiden's stubbornness, although the disposition was different.

"The fate of the Red Cross."

Kaiden muttered, touching the palm of his hand to the sword.

"Lead my talent."

As the blade heated up red, Shiro's eyes widened.

'That is…….'

"Magic absorption."

As the fire attached to the sword burned brightly, Kaiden charged.

'Magic swordsman!'

It was a title that could only be obtained by someone like Kaiden, who was in the class of graduates with magic alone.

"I don't know what secrets you're hiding, but……."

The cross sword was drawn horizontally.

"I'll bury you with death."

A huge cloud of fire rushed in like a tidal wave, burning the entire area where Shiro was.

"Kuk!"

It was a technique of a magic swordsman that had never been shown in school until now.

"Burn! Burn!"

Every time Kaiden swung his sword, a 6-meter-high cloud of fire rushed in, spinning backwards.

It was a wide range that could not be avoided unless it was teleportation, and lightning struck over the head of Shiro, who retreated.

'Electric magic?'

The cross sword, which contained a thunderbolt, was stabbed vertically into the ground.

Magic Sword-Lightning Impact.

As the blue electric shock spread like a spider web along the ground, Shiro's body convulsed.

'Shit, saturation bombing!'

At the same time, the heat equation entered the area of respect.

1 second ago.

Magic Sword-Lightning Impact.

The moment the electric shock spread, Shiro jumped into the sky, and Kaiden gritted his teeth.

'What the hell is going on.'

This feeling again.

Even the most outstanding magician should be overwhelmed by the schema in the field of physical arts and nerves.

And it was a situation that was proceeding with such a development.

'What's going on!'

No matter how much he racked his brains, he couldn't figure out why, because there was nothing wrong.

"Then……!"

Kaiden twisted his face like a wolf and prepared for a deadly attack.

"Magic enhancement!"

The cross sword vibrated and emitted a powerful high frequency.

It was a kind of sound magic, the Kaiser series.

'Can you use all magic?'

He was a genius of a different kind than Fermi.

Kaiden swung his sword towards Shiro, who had a ridiculous expression.

"Can you avoid the sound too?"

Kwaaaaang!

The shock wave devastated the surroundings, but Shiro came through the shock wave in perfect condition.

'How?'

It's not space.

He avoided time.

'I have no choice.'

When the incarnation of the Archangel seeped into Shiro, Kaiden finally realized the identity of the sixth sense.

'That's it. It's not luck. It's definitely some kind of skill.'

As the photon cannon was compressed in his hand, a golden afterimage, the same as the body line, spread out like a fan from Shiro's body.

For the first time, Kaiden, who had been pouring out a fierce attack, took a step back in front of Shiro.

When Shiro, who had shortened the distance by teleportation, swung his hand with the photon cannon, Kaiden turned the cross sword 180 degrees and defended the side.

"Huh?"
[Translated block]


Surprisingly, Shiro-ne was approaching from the opposite side.

"Damn it!"

Cayden, who had maximized Skima's ability, defended again at a terrifying speed, but Shiro-ne had already changed direction as if bending.

From the natural movement as if it was determined from the beginning, not the trajectory turned by magical ability, a surprising insight struck Cayden's brain.

'Could it be... time?'

As soon as he thought, Cayden's arm moved at a terrifying speed.

"Argh!"

Block, block, and block again.

Cayden, who changed his defensive posture seven times in an instant, had a physical ability that was so fast that it could not be imitated as a magician, but Shiro-ne's photon cannon was narrowing the distance towards the defenseless point leisurely.

'It's like...'

At the end of his thoughts, Cayden was stunned.

'Infinity.'

It felt like an infinite number of Shiro-nes were rushing in.

Bang!

The sound of a rib breaking was heard as the photon cannon was stuck in the side.

"Cough!"

Cayden, whose eyes shook from the shock, flew about 10 meters and hit the wall.

"Argh!"

With a broken bone, even with Skima's regenerative power, it is impossible to fight immediately.

'I have to steal the master card!'

Shiro-ne immediately ran towards Cayden.

Cayden, who hastily stood up, lost strength in his legs and knelt on one knee again.

'Knock him out.'

The moment the photon cannon was gripped in his hand, Cayden shouted with a distorted face.

"Shiro-ne, Kang!"

Lulu's voice came in as an electric signal.

"Cayden has hung Kang."

If you don't choose within 1 second, you'll be beaten.

"Kang!"

Cayden's hand was beaten and Shiro-ne's hand ●○●○●(revolution) was revealed.

Also, the short moment that had to be received as a kang from a kang, decisively provided a reversal opportunity for the Hershey team.

"Now!"

As Hershey shouted and jumped out, Anchar and Eden, Pisho revealed themselves from all sides.

'Isn't it Eden?'

Shiro-ne, who had to prevent Eden's card collection as a top priority, hurriedly turned and headed towards where the scramble was.

As soon as he grabbed the scramble, Hershey shouted.

"Stop it before it opens!"

Anchar hung Kang.

Her hand is ○○●○○(Emperor).

It was a higher hand than the revolution, and it was beaten without opening the ⓡ card one by one.

-Unopened random cards can neither affect nor be affected by the game.

This was also a fact verified by experiments, so Hershey, Eden, and Pisho shouted at the same time without having to check the master card.

"Shiro-ne! Kang!"

If everyone hangs Kang, Shiro-ne cannot harm anyone.

'It's over! You're out!'

It was a so-called Shiro-ne killing operation.

"You lost in the Kang duel. You cannot harm Shiro-ne until the next scramble summon."

"What?"

Hershey, who thought there was definitely a problem with his hearing, checked the master card.

'Extinction (●○●●○●).'

"Wait a minute. No, why?"

Cayden said, holding his side.

"He controls time. That's the ability."

It feels like reality is being erased and a new reality is being born.

Although you can't feel the reset in the realm of thought, the material evidence of the card proves the fact.

'Time? Time?'

It was the first time Hershey had such a dumbfounded expression in his life, but he soon came to his senses and looked around and shouted.

"Jump! Retreat!"

The moment everyone was running away, the person Shiro-ne targeted was Cayden.

He was injured, but it was also a moment when he could vent his frustration that he had been waiting for a chance so far.

Then Eden ran and blocked in front of Cayden, who still couldn't move.

'Saint Barrier!'

The Spirit Zone emitted a brilliant light and formed a barrier, and Shiro-ne's brow wrinkled at the ability he heard from Irukie.

'I need more powerful power.'
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]