


[543] Forbidden Sanctuary (3)

"How did you get here...?"

Shirone couldn't find the source of the words she uttered.

She had regained some of her memories after encountering many incidents, but this was the first time she felt such a strong nostalgia.

"Chief Justice!"

She lifted her head at Yo's scream and saw Yo being dragged away by Mucus Man's slime and disappearing somewhere.

"Damn it!"

Shirone ran towards the door, but met with three people who followed Lian late.

They looked somewhat familiar.

"Long time no see, Shirone."

Marsha said her prepared line and Shirone felt a severe pain in her head again.

"Ugh!"

Miro, Marsha, Fermi.

They were people who had left a strong impression on her in reality, whether she liked it or not.

'Who are they...?'

Their information matched naturally with Shirone's information and a new memory was born.

Descendants of fairies.

They were descendants of the fairy race who had mixed with a minority in society, so they could use special abilities.

"Help me! Yo was taken away! He must have gone underground!"

No one moved.

Just like no adult would interfere with children's play, the people who were open-minded didn't care about what was happening here.

"As expected. Let's subdue them first."

"Fermi...!"

Shirone looked back at Fermi and remembered how he had tormented her terribly in the fairy society and gritted her teeth.

"I don't have time to fight. If you won't help me, I'll go save Yo by myself."

"Be my guest."

As the magic was about to activate, Lian spoke.

"Yeah. Let's go, Shirone."

Fermi's head turned sharply.

"What are you doing?"

Lian ignored him and turned completely to Shirone.

"I don't know who you are, but she must be someone precious to you. Let's go save her."

Fermi looked at Miro and Marsha.

"Are you going to leave them alone?"

"We have no choice. This is Shirone we're talking about."

The Shirone that Marsha knew was not someone who would ignore the misfortune in front of her eyes for any reason.

Fermi put his last hope on Miro, but she also loosened her body and headed towards Marsha.

"It's a majority vote then."

"Auntie, but this is..."

"Let it go this time. You know what kind of personality Shirone has, right? And now you know Lian's personality too."

"There's a limit to being frustrating."

Miro chuckled and moved both hands. The avatar of Guanyin showed its appearance like a halo.

A moment later, a huge palm slammed down on the floor.

Kuuuuuuuuuung!

The whole arboretum shook from the impact, but there was only a palm-shaped mark on the floor.

Miro smiled awkwardly as he noticed everyone's eyes.

"Aha ha, this place is really sturdy, huh?"

Shirone exploded in anger.

"Do you find this funny? I'd rather..."

"Huuuuuuuuu."

Miro exhaled long and Shirone's eyes widened.

The avatar of Guanyin grew tens of times larger and touched the ceiling of the arboretum.

'One Finger!'

Miro stabbed the floor with his index finger and Guanyin's giant finger pierced through the floors of the building one after another.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Marsha screamed and fell down, followed by everyone else falling down to the last floor of the facility, the 10th basement floor.

Fermi dusted himself off and grumbled.

"He's so hot-headed..."

Shirone couldn't take his eyes off Miro.

"Who are you?"

"I think it would be better to talk while we go?"

Miro pointed to the hallway and Yo's slime trail was moving quickly towards the darkness.

"Stop!"

Shirone's group flew quickly, but the end of the hallway was blocked by a huge glass wall.

"What is this?"

Shirone was the only one who knew the answer.

'Self-levitating elevator...'

She touched the glass wall and an LED line appeared and a rectangular panel popped up.
[Translated block]


Syroene touched her hand to the palm-shaped fingerprint scanner, and as soon as her fingerprint flashed, the glass door opened.

'As expected, my record is stored.'

It was a natural thing to do for the people who would wake up from hibernation in the future to use the facility.

As she followed Syroene into the elevator, a faint light came down from the ceiling.

"Where are we going?"

As soon as Miro's words were over, the elevator shot towards the darkness at an incredible speed.

But it was dark, and after passing the acceleration section, it didn't even feel like it was moving.

"It must be where Mucus's control device is."

She had never thought that such a huge facility would be hidden underground before hibernation.

'Maybe there's more than one entrance. There must be something like this installed under all the major institutions.'

Syroene finished her thoughts and then looked back at her party.

"What's going on? What's happening to us?"

It was a positive sign that she felt out of place.

"Listen carefully to what I'm about to say, Syroene. It's hard to believe, but it's true. The world you're living in right now is...."

Miro spoke, watching Syroene's reaction.

"It's all fake. Even you."

Syroene kept her mouth shut for a long time, but unlike Malta's wife, she chose to listen first.

"I don't understand what you're saying."

"Okay. Then I'll start over."

Miro spilled everything he had to know, and this time even Syroene couldn't help but be shocked.

"Fake? The whole world?"

"Yeah. So you don't have to worry about what happens here. What you have to do is your real self...."

"That can't be."

Syroene shook her head.

"I'm not blindly believing, I mean... there's no way that can be true."

Miro understood Syroene's feelings.

"Maybe so. But you have to trust me. Fairy's descendant? No, I'm human. You and I can't have different memories, can we?"

"Lies!"

Syroene couldn't stand it anymore.

"It's a memory disorder caused by artificial hibernation! The administrator said so too! If you fall into a long-term hibernation state, it can happen!"

"That's also a lie. It's just an artificial memory created to make you naturally blend in with Apocalypse's information."

"You want me to believe that?"

Marsha said.

"You have to believe it, Syroene. If not, your real self will die."

"Damn it!"

Syroene turned her body as if she didn't want to hear it and anxiously wandered around the elevator.

Lian approached him and said.

"Syroene, I know it's hard, but..."

"I'll believe you."

Syroene turned around.

"Okay, I'll believe you. Maybe what Miro said is true. So I believe you."

Syroene spread her arms and looked at the four of them.

"Now what? Is something changing in me? Or do I have to do something more?"

"......"

This was the real problem.

Even if Syroene believed Miro's words, nothing would change.

Maybe thinking that it might be true and really feeling that way are as far apart as the ends of the universe.

Whiiiiiiing!

The speeding elevator slowed down and suddenly dropped down.

"Keeee!"

The air pressure inside the elevator was automatically adjusted, avoiding weightlessness, but it was awful to feel the air in the stomach swirling.

'How far are we falling?'

The elevator arrived at its destination in no time, but they couldn't even guess how far it was from the ground.

The glass door opened and what caught their eyes was a corridor covered with panels flashing with fire and endless wires.

Thanks to the fear of falling, Syroene cleared her mind and stepped out towards the corridor with wide eyes.

Whether it was true or not, saving herself was first.

As they passed a place marked as a special isolation zone, a quiet mechanical sound leaked out from inside a doorless door.
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone lifted a photon cannon in his hand and flew his body suddenly, and his party hurriedly followed him.

"What is this...?"

Shirone, who had even forgotten his will, looked at the huge object in the center of the hemispherical space.

The giant lens with a diameter of 2 meters was similar to a human pupil, and thousands of wires were attached to the steel body that made it up and connected to the walls around it.

A word popped out of Miro's mouth at the entrance of the maze.

"Ra?"

Digital Ra (Local Energy Circulation System Quantum Computer).

Fermi asked.

"Ra? Is this scrap machine that?"

"No, the real Ra is a living thing. But it's too similar."

Fermi imagined the appearance of the real Ra from the appearance of the digital Ra, but it was a meaningless thing.

"Didn't you say it was erased?"

Erased information cannot exist anywhere.

"That's right. So it's not the real Ra."

A myth was destroyed by a boy.

"It's just another god created by humans who couldn't bear the absence of God."

The device in the lens of the digital Ra rotated and Mucus Man landed while holding Yo from the ceiling.

"Yo! Are you okay?"

Despair was all on Yo's face, but Mucus Man quickly pulled her roughly.

"Who are you? Why are you here?"

Shirone stepped forward.

"What are you? The world is already destroyed. But why are you doing this?"

"My name is Ra. It is a human-type model stored in quantum computer data."

Miro came to his own conclusion.

'Is it like an avatar?'

"It doesn't matter what you call it. I am a program that purifies the world based on solar energy. Ra is said to be the god of monotheism that ancient humans believed in."

"Whatever computer you have, I can't accept attacking humans."

"They are nothing but links in the cycle. Destroying life is no different from creating another life."

"That's because you have no life. Have you ever been sad about someone's death?"

"Humans are also happy about someone's death."

Shirone bit his teeth.

If artificial intelligence's way of thinking could be translated into words, the world would not have been ruined like this.

'I have no choice but to fight. But Yo is caught....'

While Shirone was in trouble, Marsha moved toward Ra.

"Whatever it is. How about me if humans need it?"

"Marsha?"

When Shirone turned around, she winked one eye.

'If only I could stab him with Pailin's dagger....'

Ra's arm stretched out and grabbed Marsha's neck and pulled her in, and Yo shouted in disbelief.

"Are you crazy? You're taking hostages!"

"Yeah. I guess so."

Marsha's expression suddenly turned cold, and she took out Pailin's dagger from her left wrist.

When she stabbed Ra's side, she saw black smoke spewing out of her eyes.

'It works! If this....!'

Marsha stabbed him with a dagger like crazy, and Ra looked at the smoke coming out of his body without any reaction.

"What is this?"

Only then did Marsha realize something strange and stopped attacking.

"Oh no...!"

The scabbard made in violation of regulations was healing itself.

"It's transforming information."

The backup ability of quantum computers surpassed human imagination.

"I will analyze your data."

From the mucus on the wall, a viscous substance resembling a leopard jumped out and covered Marsha.

It was a model of a specific creature that Ra had digested before destruction.

"Dangerous!"

Shirone flew his body unknowingly and hugged Marsha and rolled on the floor.

"Shirone...?"

Shirone's eyes shook as he met Marsha's eyes.

-I don't mind hugging me.

"Craaaang!"

As the beast stretched its hind legs and flew in, Shirone reached out with a surprised expression.
```

The next part of the story is:

```text
A beam of light shot out from Shirone's hand and hit the beast in mid-air. The beast let out a scream and fell to the ground, writhing in pain. Shirone quickly got up and pulled Marsha with him.

"Are you okay? Did you get hurt?"

Marsha shook her head slightly and looked at Shirone with gratitude. She felt something warm in her chest as she saw his worried face. She wondered if he felt anything for her too.

"No, I'm fine. Thanks to you."

Shirone smiled awkwardly and turned his attention to Ra. He still had Yo as a hostage,
[Translated block]


"Dangerous!"

As Lian tried to rush and shout.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The sound of breaking from far away in the underground facility reached Ra's ears and he quickly turned his head.

Bang!

A sword broke through the iron wall and flew like a clothesline, piercing through the beast's cheek and landing in Shirone's hand.

"......Diamond Armor."

At the same time, the blade opened like a spider's leg and swallowed Shirone's whole body.
[Translated block]