


```
[287] 4. Terae's Proposal (4)

"Don't you have high hopes and follow me? Do you know how great an honor it is to enter my bedroom?"

"I'm sure I told you I don't like it."

"Hmph, you're arrogant. You don't know your place."

Zion clenched his teeth and then regained his smile as if he had a good idea.

"Fine. Then I'll order you as a royal. Obey me tonight."

"No, thank you. Even if you are a royal prince, I am a noble of Tormia. I don't follow the orders of another country."

"Really? You're so great, huh? How about this? If you don't embrace me tonight, I'll go to war with Tormia."

Amy looked at Zion with an incredulous expression.

"Do you think that's impossible? Kazra is already in my hands anyway. When I become king, I'll conquer Tormia first. Your country will be destroyed because of you."

It wasn't an impossible situation. If Zion became the king of Kazra, Terae would not spare any aid to expand his power.

Amy slowly bowed her head, which Zion took as a sign of resignation and smirked wickedly.

But at that moment, a cold voice came out of Amy's mouth, looking down.

"Try it if you can."

"What?"

"Do it if you want to go to war."

"You're unbelievable. Are you trying to get out of here?"

How dare a noble not use honorifics to the first prince. But it was nothing compared to Amy's words that she would rather go to war.

"Do you think I'm joking? You'll regret it for sure."

Amy couldn't help but laugh.

"You're talking nonsense. You become king? Don't be so full of yourself. You're barely holding on to the first prince position."

"This is real......!"

"Yeah, maybe I would have been scared if it was Empress Terae. But you're not going to be emperor, are you? Do you think I'm afraid of a brat like you?"

Zion's eyes flashed with killing intent. It was the first time he had been so despised in his life.

He changed his mind. He wouldn't kill Amy. He would make her barely alive.

And he would definitely turn Tormia into ashes and see her tears of blood.

"Those words...... You can take responsibility for them, right?"

"Responsibility? No, I don't take any responsibility. Even if war breaks out because of me. If you invade our kingdom......"

Amy's eyes glowed red.

"Then I'll fight with my life as one of the citizens."

Zion flinched at the spirit that came out of Amy's eyes.

It felt like his blood was freezing. He didn't expect such an extreme mentality from the girl who blushed at the banquet hall.

'They say magicians are weird......'

Amy approached him with her eyes wide open.

"What are you up to? Why did you bring me to this room?"

Judging from the situation so far, Zion didn't just drag her here for his pleasure.

It didn't suit his personality to make a fuss about her parents for such a reason.

'In the end, he has something to do with Sirona, but what......'

Amy's lips trembled as she realized.

Zion wasn't important. The Terae faction was determined to stake everything tonight.

She had to find Sirona as soon as possible.

As soon as she entered the spirit zone, she sensed the location of the door through her empathy.

'Could it be opened from inside?'

She could open it, but she remembered that the door was locked. She had no choice but to break out and looked for an opportunity while charging up her fireball. And she ran for the door when Zion's face twisted like a beast.

"Armand!"

The magic sword flew against inertia and caught by Zion's hand. Zion threw the sword without looking at it.
```
[Translated block]
How is my translation? Do you want me to continue?
[Translated block]


```text
A very thin needle that was a signal pierced Zion's backside and connected to his spine.

There was no pain, but electricity flowed through his spine.

<Gothic>-User's brain copy. Share. Linguistic cognitive ability activation.

Armand's voice echoed in Zion's head and then immediately began to adjust his vital signs.

<Gothic>-Muscle enhancement. Bone density increase. Inner skeleton augmentation. Nervous system transmission speed maximization. Metal quality proliferation complete. Weapon creation and transformation possible. Murder specialization. Close combat advantage.

Ching! Ching!

Blades of 30 centimeters in length popped out of Zion's gauntlets on both sides.

Amy swallowed hard. Except for the eyes that could be seen through the cross-shaped gap, all parts of Zion were hidden by the magic sword. Judging by his appearance, it seemed like he was covered with fibrous material over most of his body and then armor was put on top of it.

'How can he do that?'

This was an unbelievable situation. The weight of the metal was much heavier than the original magic sword by rough estimation. Especially, what was that fibrous material? It should be armor if it was armor.

The joints were protected by tough muscles, which maximized durability and mobility. That's why Zion looked much more agile than before, even though he was wearing heavy armor.

Zion was pleased to see Amy's bewildered expression.

'Heh, well, of course. When have you ever seen something like this?'

<Magic Sword Armand> was an S-class objet with a contradictory characteristic of being a metal creature.

Its functions could be divided into two major categories: the first was normal control, which allowed the user to freely manipulate the sword according to his will, and the second was diamond armament, which maximized the user's combat ability by combining with him.

In normal control mode, the metal's characteristics stood out, while in diamond armament mode, the biological characteristics were prominent.

Especially, diamond armament could perform intelligent tasks as well as sharing the brain with the user.

"Did I look like a pathetic prince who would sell or eat Teraise's name?"

Zion took a step forward.

Clank! The sound of steel boots hitting the floor echoed bleakly as Amy leaned back against the door without realizing it.

"Of course, that could be possible. But what does that matter? Everything is trivial in front of Teraise's name. Your family, your talent, I don't envy them at all. Because I am..."

Zion reached out his palm toward Amy.

"A great royal."

The glove made of fibrous material wriggled and a tentacle popped out from the center of his palm and rushed toward Amy.

Amy quickly jumped away from the flying tentacle in a hurry, even though she saw the tip of the tentacle hardening sharply.

Bang! The tentacle hit the door. At the same time, the tentacle connected to Zion's palm fell off as if it had cut off its tail.

Amy looked at the door with a disgusted expression. As the tentacle penetrated the surface, things like roots of wood spread out and completely sealed the door.

Amy bit her lip with a frustrated expression.

She didn't know how tough the fibrous material of the tentacle was, but it seemed impossible to break it with any ordinary force.

"When are you going to use that fire in your hand?"

Zion approached slowly. It was a different kind of pressure from Zion before diamond armament. It was as if Armand's ominous aura had completely covered him.

"Well, you don't really think that kind of thing will work, do you?"

Zion held up the blade that popped out of his gauntlet vertically. Amy's face looking at him was reflected on the smooth surface of the blade.

5. All kinds of variables (1)

Even as she ran to Zion's gallery, Sirone couldn't shake off her strange imagination.

She thought there was no way that could happen, but she couldn't help but imagine a scene she didn't want to see.

'What am I thinking?'

She had to think rationally.

First of all, it was Amy's motive for following Zion. She wasn't someone who would move rashly for anything, but she was also someone who left Galiant for Zis because she was worried about his safety.

```

Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]


```
Hello, my name is Kim Min-ji. I am a student at Seoul National University. I am studying computer science and artificial intelligence. I am interested in natural language processing and machine learning. I want to create a chatbot that can communicate with humans in various languages and domains. I hope you can help me with my project. Thank you.
```
[Translated block]