


[696] Reunion Site (5)

* * *

As they descended the mountain avoiding the border patrol, Shiro-ne could understand the current situation of Kazra.

The number of soldiers had been reinforced, but their mental armament was rather weakened, and there were even soldiers who were napping sparsely.

It's because their self-esteem is hitting rock bottom due to the loss of royal authority.

"That's the village over there."

It was a village where about 40 households lived, and except for the government office, all were wooden buildings.

Looking down at the village lit by torches, Kido said,

"I think I'd rather stay in the mountains."

In the city, maybe, but to the residents of the remote mountains, goblins were just monsters.

"Will you be okay? It will take about 2 days if it's late."

"Heh, what are you talking about? Goblins are not as weak as humans."

Shiro-ne and Lian are superhumans who have undergone repeated training, but most people can't keep up with the physical abilities of goblins.

"The mountain is more comfortable. It's also easier to find food."

Human cuisine wasn't bad, but he was desperate for the taste of raw meat soaked in blood.

"I'm sorry. I'll send a signal when someone comes from the royal city."

"It's okay."

Kido, who swung his spear, seemed to rotate his body to the side, and then disappeared from sight in an instant.

'Kido won't be caught by the patrol.'

When Shiro-ne finished thinking and was about to enter the village, Emma opened her mouth with an anxious expression.

"Um, sir, how should I explain to my husband?"

Bringing in an outsider, especially a young man, would cause a big fuss.

"Please introduce me as a merchant. You can put the weapon in the ring. And I will also give you a reward."

Emma, who saw the purse of gold coins, sighed with relief.

It wasn't a situation where money was visible, but her husband Adox was a person who would sell his family for money.

As soon as they crossed the fence, the chickens clucked and the dogs barked at the smell of strangers.

When Emma arrived at the thirteenth house on the east side of the village and opened the door with a key, she looked back at Shiro-ne's party.

"Please come in."

The 14-pyeong space was not separated into a kitchen and a bedroom, and there was a staircase leading to the second floor in the corner.

Adox, who was sitting at the table, snapped.

"What the hell are you wandering around for!"

Emma's shoulders twitched as her husband, who usually stayed out overnight, was at home today.

"Honey, is it over already?"

Adox was a man in his mid-thirties with a rough beard.

"The sun has set, and you're talking nonsense? Do I look like a guy who drinks every day?"

Adox, who had a hangover from yesterday, frowned and asked Shiro-ne and Lian.

"Who are you guys? I've never seen you before."

"We are merchants. Can we stay here for about 2 days?"

"What kind of merchant comes to this wilderness? You're not a heretic, are you? Tell me honestly."

Recently, there have been reports that the Terraphos sect has been approaching and extorting money from residents of nearby villages.

"Haha, of course not. We are a new trading company, so we are looking for a place to supply goods. We will leave after about a day of market research."

That wasn't impossible.

"What kind of trading company is it?"

"It's a little hard to reveal. This industry is so sensitive to rumors......"

"Are you kidding me?"

Shiro-ne hastily added.

"Hehe, it's Nade Trading Company. Please keep it a secret. I heard from Emma that it's quite lively here......"

When he took out a gold coin, Adox's pupils shook.

'If it's that amount of money......'

Misa, the barmaid at the bar, would be thrilled.

'Just look at it, huh.'

But for now, as a soldier, there was a possibility of backlash later if he took the money he gave.

"There's a hardware store across the street that also does lodging. Why don't you go there? Of course, it's the same as here because it's a remodeled attic."

Shiro-ne realized Adox's psychology.

"Hehe, I'd rather stay at a store, but I'm afraid of other trading companies. Isn't this industry all like that? Please take care of me."

When he took out a gold coin, Adox's pupils shook.

'If it's that amount of money......'

Misa, the barmaid at the bar, would be thrilled.

'Just look at it, huh.'

But for now, as a soldier, there was a possibility of backlash later if he took the money he gave.

"There's a hardware store across the street that also does lodging. Why don't you go there? Of course, it's the same as here because it's a remodeled attic."

Shiro-ne realized Adox's psychology.

"Hehe, I'd rather stay at a store, but I'm afraid of other trading companies. Isn't this industry all like that? Please take care of me."
[Translated block]


"But isn't this amount a bit excessive?"

"Since you've caused a nuisance, shouldn't you naturally pay a high accommodation fee? Please consider it as a merchant's sincerity."

"Well, that's true."

Adox, who received the gold coin from Shiro, confirmed that it was an international standard made by the Red Line Telecommunications Division.

"Good. Treat them well, so the guests are not uncomfortable. I'll sleep outside today."

Emma, who guessed Adox's destination, had no choice but to let him go today.

"Yes, come in early."

Contrary to her sweet voice, Emma gritted her teeth from the moment Adox left.

"Bad boy. He went to that barmaid again. He'll show off all sorts of pretenses, throwing around gold coins."

There was nothing to say.

"First, have a meal. There should be some alcohol."

Perhaps it was difficult to endure with a clear mind, Emma emptied the half-full large bottle of alcohol.

"Honestly, the only thing better about that woman, Misa, than me is the number of times she's dealt with men! Her husband is stupid, but she's worse!"

Shiro played along without a hint of displeasure to Emma, who was grumbling.

"Ah, it would be nice if my husband was half as similar to the priest."

When the drunken woman hit her head on the table, Lian moved her to the bed.

"Is it okay, Shiro? I think it would have been better to wait at the inn."

The fact that Emma's husband was the chief of the border guard was a problem.

"Adox is fine. You can't sue between countries based on speculation. The one who really needs to be careful is Mrs. Emma."

"Right. If Mrs. Emma babbles, it will be uncontrollable. That's why I told the Chief Justice I would be here."

Because he couldn't kill Emma.

"Yes. Keep an eye on her until someone comes from Kazra Kingdom. If there's any sign of her babbling..."

"What if there is?"

Shiro's gaze turned cold.

"I'll ask you then."

Magicians are cold people.

"...Okay."

Shiro, who thinks she should be removed before she becomes uncontrollable, was also Shiro who couldn't ignore Emma in the cave.

I want to find a good way for everyone.

'Is it a tightrope walk between ideals and reality? Is that a magician?'

Just like Jane had to walk with her heart clenched to save Aria.

'It's really hard.'

Lian thought he would never be a magician if he was born again.

* * *

The next morning.

Adox came to work, rubbing his stomach.

"Deputy! Migellan!"

Migellan opened the door and came in.

"Did you call me?"

Adox, who was completely unaware that he was his wife's lover, made a gesture of drinking a cup and said.

"Do you have any honey left? Bring it in generously."

"Could it be, did you drink again?"

Adox, who had sworn the day before that he would never drink alcohol, left work early.

Adox, who drank honey water, stroked his beard and said.

"Kuh, I feel like I'm alive now."

"You went to Misa."

"Hehe, don't say anything. I had a windfall yesterday. It was a fantastic night."

Adox, who was reminiscing about last night, changed his expression and said.

"Oh, and you, go to my house for a while."

"What's the matter?"

"It's strange. Some merchants came yesterday, but I think there's some other trick."

"Could it be a heretic?"

"Horse, have you ever seen a heretic spend money? Ah, no."

Adox quickly shook his head.

"Anyway, take a good look. I was outside yesterday. Check what happened with Emma."

'Trash-like guy.'

He himself played with the barmaid and ordered his deputy to monitor his wife.

"I understand."

It was a good thing to see Emma, so Migellan immediately ran to Adox's house.

'He's suspicious.'
[Translated block]


The merchants Adox spoke of were so elegant that they could be believed to be nobles, and they were even handsome.

"Miguelan? What's going on?"

Emma opened the door with a surprised expression, but Miguelan did not show it and answered.

"It's an errand from the chief. I have a message to deliver."

I wanted to say I love you.

"Do you have a guest? I'm sorry to say this, but can you avoid it for a while?"

"Then I'll be on the second floor."

As Shirona and Lian went up the stairs, Miguelan hugged Emma as if he couldn't stand it.

"I missed you, Emma."

"Why did you come at this time? What if you get caught?"

"Your husband sent me. He's a trash. He seems to have spent the night after mass yesterday. Let's put the plan I mentioned before into action."

It was a plan to poison Adox.

"I can't do it. If we get caught, we..."

"Don't worry. No one cares if someone dies in this mountain valley."

Emma was terrified at the thought that God was listening.

"Just trust me. We're together till the end."

Miguelan, who looked even more lovely, was about to kiss when the door suddenly opened and Adox came in.

"Emma! The merchants here... Huh?"

Miguelan and Emma hurriedly dropped their bodies, but what they saw couldn't be helped.

"What? Why are you holding my wife's shoulder?"

"Chief, why are you at home?"

The gold coin received from Shirona was the problem.

Most of the merchants traveling around the world use international standards, but Kazra is currently closed for more than a year.

'Maybe he's really a heretic.'

He came with that thought, but now Adox's mind was full of anger towards Miguelan.

"How dare you touch my wife!"

Seeing the chief draw his sword, Miguelan reached out.

"Chief! It's a misunderstanding!"

"Misunderstanding? What misunderstanding? Did honey stick to my wife's shoulder?"

"That, that..."

Miguelan's head was spinning fast.

"The merchants! The merchants tried to rape your wife."

"What nonsense?"

"Why would I lie? I was just trying to calm down your frightened wife."

Adox, who was rolling his eyes, asked with a murderous look.

"......Where are those kids now?"

"They're upstairs in a standoff. I've blocked the exit and they're trapped."

Miguelan was thinking of running away with Emma when Adox ran upstairs, but the situation didn't go as planned.

"You little brats! Come down quickly? I'll cut you up and eat you!"

At the sound of shaking the house, Shirona and Lian calmly came down the stairs.

Seeing the giant sword mounted on Lian's back, Adox's face hardened.

"What, what are you guys?"

Lian grabbed the handle of the great sword and asked.

"Shirona, is it now?"

"......"

If Emma spills the secret, she will have to kill Adox and Miguelan.

'Is it inevitable?'

Then someone knocked on the door.

"Are you there? I'm looking for someone."

"I'm busy now! Get out!"

The door opened coolly enough to be annoyed, and a giant old man walked in.

"This kid is ignoring my words......! Huh?"

As soon as he saw the seal engraved on the old man's armor, not only Adox but also Miguelan turned pale.

"King, direct troops of the royal castle?"

Feeling the disturbed atmosphere of the scene, the old man looked around and fixed his gaze on Shirona.

"It's been a long time, Arian Shirona."

He thought he would choose a quick route because of the situation, but it was much faster than expected.

'I knew he would come.'

Shirona, who had withdrawn his murderous intent, smiled at the person he was glad to see.

"Yes. It's been a long time."

It was Litney Walker, the captain of the guard of Kazra Castle.
[Translated block]