


```text
[197] 1. God's Mercy (2)

"Chief, I'm back."

"Good. You're the fairy of grace, Peopepe, right?"

"Yes. You remember me."

"Of course I do. No other fairy has been born since you were born a year ago."

Peopepe looked gloomy. The youngest of the 72 ranks of fairies. The reason why Igirin remembered her was just that.

Fairies are female and cannot reproduce. To maintain their race, they had to wait for new individuals to be born, and Peopepe was the first fairy to be born in nearly 10 years.

"What about the runaway case? Kanya and Lena, was it?"

"Yes. They confessed and cooperated with the investigation."

"So what was the verdict?"

"Both of them were sentenced to one year reduction."

"One year?"

Igirin made a displeased expression and Peopepe swallowed her saliva. She had no doubt about her verdict. But she couldn't guarantee that she had made a proper judgment as a novice.

"You're still young, but you're also an executor of the law. I have to respect your will. But I want to ask you this. Was there no pressure?"

"Yes. It was my will."

She had been threatened by Siroene, but it didn't amount to pressure. She realized that excessive punishment was unreasonable, so she gave a one-year verdict.

Igirin looked at Peopepe with a doubtful eye.

There had never been a case where escaping from purgatory resulted in a one-year reduction of life span. The verdict was fresh for a fairy who had only been born for a year.

"Was there anything else special? I heard that heretics came in following Shinmin."

Peopepe was conflicted. Strictly speaking, those who accompanied Kanya were not heretics, but Nephilim.

But if she told everything from the beginning to the end, there was a possibility of a different interpretation from the truth. And that was not what Peopepe wanted.

"I haven't seen any heretics."

Igirin waited for the next word. It was a situation that required additional explanation.

But there was no further comment from Peopepe.

Igirin sighed and waved his hand.

"Okay, good job. Go ahead."

"Yes. Rest well, chief."

Peopepe bowed and stepped back.

As soon as the door of the mansion closed, Igirin looked up at the air. And he asked his confidant, the fairy of truth, Mer.

"What happened?"

"Peopepe only spoke the truth. But it doesn't seem like she told everything."

"That must have been the case. What on earth happened? She still has a lot to learn, but I'm worried that she's becoming too opinionated from an early age."

Igirin leaned his chin and sank into thought.

"Find out about the humans who came into heaven following Shinmin. There should be detailed records at the Mecca headquarters."

"I'll leave right away."

Mer answered and left through the hole in the ceiling.

Igirin crossed his legs and rubbed his forehead.

The 73rd district was famous for being a quiet accident-free area. And humans who were neither Shinmin nor heretics came in there.

His intuition, which had lived for three thousand years, reminded him of one heretic.

"Adrias Miro...."

@

"Hoo, I thought I was going to die of nervousness."

Peopepe dragged her tired body and headed home.

She had been living for a year, so she should have adapted, but she couldn't help but stiffen every time she met Igirin.

Especially when she had to make something decision on her own judgment like today, the pressure was even more intense.

"Haa, being an executor of the law is hard too."

"Kakakak! What's so hard about dealing with Shinmin? It's all because you're bad."

She frowned at the sound coming from behind. When she turned her head, there were three fairies who were sneering and approaching without fail.

They said they were the youngest before Peopepe was born. Fairies born from concepts have no blood relatives, but they were called three sisters because they were born around the same time.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


"Hello, senior."

Peope forced a smile. The faces of the three fairy sisters became even more fierce.

They didn't look like that from the beginning.

Fairies born in the palace easily show their emotions on their faces.

Any fairy would change like that after living as the youngest for about 10 years.

"I heard. You got a one-year sentence, right? You were swayed by humans, weren't you? I know everything without seeing it."

"No, I really thought that way."

"Oh, really? Then it's a very foolish decision. Now you are officially a sucker. You'd better not think that the believers will respect you from now on!"

The three fairy sisters covered their mouths and laughed.

Peope was angry but couldn't show it. If you get stamped by your direct senior, you'll suffer for life. That life was at least 10,000 years.

He had no choice but to endure and endure. When the next youngest was born, they would leave him alone.

"Anyway, do it properly. In the past, we didn't even let kids like you be executors. These days, there are not many fairies born in the palace, so we're giving you a break. Squeeze more out of the believers."

"I'm doing that."

"What are you doing? What do you know when you're only one year old?"

Peope closed his mouth.

It was ridiculous that they were lecturing him when they had just passed 10 years, but in the fairy world, which was a strict hierarchy, there was no way for a one-year-old to speak up.

"Got it? You have to make us scared. That's how the believers follow us. Be careful not to let this happen again."

As the three fairy sisters left with a warning, Peope felt 10 years older.

So he felt like he could fight them now.

Of course, it was only possible in his imagination.

"Phew, I'm tired. I want to go home soon."

Peope's flight swayed as he stretched out his limbs.

@

The next morning.

The central square of Shamarin 73 district was busy from morning waiting for the liquor of daylight.

The Mecha people checked their devices and the Nor people verified the magic that was applied to the liquor method.

When Kergo started rehearsing with the subjects, Sirone grabbed her chest that was disappearing.

A rehearsal for an event where people die. How much does the god of heaven despise human life?

When the preparations were over, the subjects said goodbye to their families, and Kanya and Lena were among them.

"Mom! Mom!"

Lena's tears didn't stop. Even Kanya, who was brave, was just a poor daughter who sent her mother away now.

As the time for the liquor method approached, Kanya took Epines and Corphin out of her arms.

"Drink this. It'll help."

Sirone knew what Kanya was handing over.

She felt even more depressed after thinking about what daylight liquor was after finding out what it was.

What good are things like stimulants and sedatives?

No, she didn't know. She had no idea how their minds would change as they melted into giants.

Maybe it's better than nothing.

There's nothing more courageous for parents than the medicine their children bring.

When the preparations for the liquor method were over, the believers spread out around the statue.

It was no different from what he saw in Peope's memory, but the difference was that there were 10 subjects.

According to Kanya, the person who executes daylight liquor is the oldest person in the district. Being old means that he has been given life continuously, so he can be said to be the most loyal person among the believers.

This time, too, the executor was Kergo.

He looked like a sturdy young man, but he said he was 187 years old.

He belonged to the noble class among Kergo people and was planning to become immortal and go to the third thousand Shehakim soon.
[Translated block]
```
"From now on, we will perform the ritual of Ilhwa! The candidates, come forward!"

Ten candidates approached the glass sphere.

It was a lie if they were not afraid. Melting into one with a strange drug was the most disgusting and fearful death for humans.

"Mom! Mom!"

Kanya tried to run out, but her father held her back.

Even though she heard her daughter's voice, her mother did not look back.

Everyone was doing the same thing.

The candidates smiled for their families, and the families hid their sadness for the candidates.

Sirone did not think it was beautiful.

He did not know what value the ritual of Ilhwa had for the Shinmin, but it was a mistake to accept such a sorcery.

The candidates took off their clothes and entered the glass sphere. Then they sat on the cold glass floor, closed their eyes and prayed.

Sirone felt his anger rising.

What were they praying for? How could they praise the god who drove them to death?

"This is murder. I can't tolerate it."

Sirone finally spat out. It was the conclusion he had reached after countless worries since last night.

He had to stop the ritual of Ilhwa.

Anyone would do that if they understood that it was murder.

Sirone walked towards the statue. He intended to stop the ritual before the candidates died.

Tes grabbed Sirone's wrist.

"Sirone, wait. I'm angry too. But this is not our world. You know there's a saying that you have to follow the laws of that country when you're in that country."

"I don't know who said that, but it's just a human thought. Kanya's mother did not commit any sin. She should not be killed like this in any situation."

"What can we do then? Even if we stop the ritual of Ilhwa, Kanya's mother's life is over today. If we try to save her, we'll only put ourselves in danger."

"No, that's not true. Maybe Kanya's mother won't die today."

"What? What are you talking about?"

The reason why the ritual of Ilhwa was carried out even in the midst of Shinmin's doubt was because Raga controlled their lifespan. The fact that they would die anyway today made them follow the law.

But Sirone said the law was wrong. If there was really an error in the ritual of Ilhwa, then Shinmin were being deceived. It was a clear fraud. Then there was enough room to change the situation.

"Inject the fuel of life! We will start the ritual of Ilhwa."

As the executor shouted, Kergoin became busy. Once the water rose, there would be no second chance. They did not know when their bodies would decompose, but drowning came first.

As Kergoin approached the device, Sirone shouted.

"Wait! I can't tolerate the ritual of Ilhwa!"

Shinmin's eyes focused on Sirone.

It was easy to find him standing alone in the square. But they did not understand his meaning because they did not know his language.

Sirone looked back at Arin. He meant for her to interpret. She reluctantly sighed and came closer.

She knew better than anyone that Sirone was a cautious person. His decision meant that he would not bend in any situation.

Arin expanded her spirit zone. Psychic magicians were specialized in tentacles, but when dealing with masses, it was enough to widen their zone like this.

Sirone repeated his words from earlier.

The language penetrated Shinmin's heads. It was a fairy-like ability, so no one was surprised. But they could not ignore the meaning contained in his words.

Shinmin's eyes filled with hostility. Considering the worship of Raga as evil was a clear logic of heresy.

The executor could not hide his anger and snapped at him.

"What qualifications do you have to say that you can't tolerate sorcery? Are you not Shinmin? Do you want to face death without a chance of resurrection?"

"I am Nephilim."

The hall became silent in an instant.

Even in the original world, Immortal Function was not a realm that anyone could reach.
```
[Translated block]


It was the first time in their lives that they saw a Nephilim reveal itself in Sector 73.

The Executor was also flustered.

He had faithfully carried out Ra's missions and climbed up to this position. His age of 187 was like a medal for him.

But even such a medal could not be shown in front of a Nephilim.

Nephilim were the descendants of angels.

Although they could not interfere with the law, they were different from the divine people by birth.

"Nephilim... why do you feel repulsed by the wine of Eel? This is the law that God has set."
[Translated block]