


[632] What's Really Important (2)

A pilot insect with long legs fell to the floor, and Amy's foot crushed it.

"I won't forgive you."

Whether Shirone helps Maya or not, it's enough to take responsibility for her actions.

The embarrassment of revealing her feelings and the shame of being manipulated by others' will awakened Amy's anger.

'Fire spirit!'

Her body burned like dry firewood, and the fire spirit Ifrit revealed itself.

But the place she charged was Shirone, breaking everyone's expectations.

'Shirone...! You're too kind!'

Ifrit's fist swung, causing a heat wave, and the afterimage of the fire punch tore through the flames.

At that unexpected situation, when everyone was watching, Amy's hand grabbed Shirone's collar.

"We'll see after the test."

Shirone gently raised the corner of his mouth, and Amy spun and threw him to Pisho.

"Tsk!"

Pisho lifted Argones, but a second later in the future, the photon cannon was already exploding in his abdomen.

"Cough!"

If it were reality, there would be no shock even if the body was crushed, but the two thousand anti-magic was not physical.

'Good, send one person first!'

Atomic bombs exploded in succession on Pisho, who was groggy.

-Participant number 24. Exited from the two thousand system.

Now there are 13 survivors.

The next most suitable candidate for dropout was Shirone, who had eliminated Pisho with a surprise attack with his friends.

"Ha... ha..."

If it weren't for the tension of the graduation exam, Shirone's mental strength would have already been exhausted.

"The wizard..."

No voice came out.

'It will be.'

As the participants' magic focused on Shirone, the percentage finally dropped below 1 percent.

'I'm sorry, Shirone.'

Maya desperately raised her body.

"Taha!"

Kaiden was still by her side, but she only saw Shirone in her eyes.

'It's because of me. Because I'm weak...'

If he hadn't saved her from the ant nest, he wouldn't have been at risk of dropping out.

'But that's Shirone.'

Among the magicians dominated by coolness, he was the only one who showed sincerity to her.

'Because it will never change.'

Maya's eyes were moist.

"I love you so much."

Regulation outside meal-only this moment.

When her song began, the participants' movements were forcibly stopped and the VIP seats buzzed.

"The magical power is 120 million magical."

"What?"

'Only this moment' was the song Maya sang for the first and last time on stage.

'It's a regulation outside meal.'

Realizing that the concentration was forcibly released, the participants felt the seriousness of the situation and rolled their eyes.

'My mental strength is recovering.'

On the other hand, Shirone's spirit was making a huge rise.

'Receive my song, Shirone.'

It was a risk that she could sing only once in her life, but the concentration of 120 million magical power was due to her genius.

'It's an amazing skill.'

Reina, a court musician who has heard many voices, had a resonance in the voice she is hearing now that could not be analyzed technically.

"Maya..."

Tears welled up in the chief's eyes.

She had a chance to stand on the opening stage of singer Canary when she was twelve years old.

Even then, her singing skills made the audience lose their minds, but all that came back was jeers.

'Being too outstanding was a disadvantage.'

Canary's popularity was so great that even other countries had fans, and they couldn't accept the song of a twelve-year-old who just stood on the opening stage.

Maya, who made the performance the worst, didn't get a second chance, and when she heard that only the sponsorship proposals from perverted nobles came in, she gave up being a singer.

"Only- this moment."
[Translated block]


At first, the participants who were floundering had no choice but to admit that they had to listen to her song.

"It feels like all my hair is standing on end."

Colly shivered, clutching her hair with both hands.

"Who says this girl is weak."

He was the one who was fascinated by Maya, who was twelve years old on stage, and brought her to magic school.

"I'm not singing because I want to look great. It's not because I practice every day to get evaluated."

That's why it was sincerity, not the best.

Looking up at the world from the lowest position, only that pain can sublimate sincerity.

"If you think there's something like this, everything is beautiful...."

Criticize, analyze, compare and rank.

"Do we rank our emotions?"

If not, there is no superiority or inferiority in Maya's song.

"Only- this moment!"

As the song reached its climax and a strong emotion surged in, the participants' minds were shaken like waves.

"While the percentage of Shirone is rising, the numbers of everyone else are falling."

"It's not about taking and giving. It's a balancing ability."

Theoretically, it was emotional equalizing created through the resonance of the voice.

"Ugh!"

Sabina, who couldn't beat the tension of emotion, fainted at the clean high notes of Maya.

"Two more to go!"

With only two eliminations left to determine the final ten, Pony bit her lip until it bled.

"This can't be! Why isn't anyone falling!"

At that time, when the climax of the desperate pleasure created by the participants' despair was reached through the downfall of the royal family.

"Huh!"

Pony's knees buckled and she fell to the ground.

"I did my best...."

What was missing?

Without even finding the answer to that question, she, like the other dropouts, hit her forehead on the ground.

"Now one."

While the will of the participants burned even more, only Kaiden was smiling sadly.

"I love you, Maya."

Looking at Maya, who was only looking at Shirone, Kaiden said goodbye.

"But I don't think I can go with you."

When this song is over, Maya will eventually be exhausted, but a completely different future awaits her than Kaiden's exhaustion.

"I hope you're happy. I mean it."

The cross sword fell with a clatter, and Kaiden, with his eyes closed, accepted the song with all his heart.

It's not a technique.

That's why the moment you just accept it, prejudice disappears, and her song becomes emotion, not magic, and wets your heart.

"My muse...."

As Kaiden fell silently, a voice of 100% purity, without any foreign feeling mixed in, echoed in the sky.

"Let's go."

Everyone in the Colosseum felt a chill run down their spine.

"She's a genius. There's no need to verify that."

Reina looked at Maya with a look of astonishment.

The fact that she moved everyone in a place where scouts from all over the world gathered predicted that her tomorrow would be 180 degrees different from today.

"It's over."

Maya, who took a slow breath, raised her head and looked at Shirone.

"Thank you for everything, Shirone."

Shirone couldn't say anything, and just bowed his head with the most devout heart.

It was a song sung for only one person by her, who was about to become the most famous in the world.

"Goodbye...."

As Maya, who closed her eyes, fell, the extracurricular formula was released and the participants regained their freedom.

Their minds, facing reality, spun quickly.

"Wait a minute, then what happens to this?"

-Participant number 26. You have left the two thousand system. The final ten have been decided.

The two thousand guidance system continued to broadcast.

-Mystic Maya. Graduation final ranking 10th confirmed. The remaining number of participants is 9.
[Translated block]


"Woahhhhhhh!"

The audience stood up and gave a standing ovation at the same time.

It was applause for the final 10 who had successfully graduated, but the tribute to Maya, who had finally received the qualification of a magician after overcoming adversity, was greater.

"Chief! My sister, my sister......!"

While Maya's siblings couldn't continue their words, the chief also secretly wiped away his tears.

'Great! Really great, Maya!'

As tributes poured out to Maya, who had beautifully decorated the last hurdle of graduation, Elizabeth asked.

"Mysterious Maya. Please give the final evaluation."

From the 10th place, it was customary to call by name, not number, as they actually became official graduates who were scouted.

"F. She falls short in all aspects to be active as a magician."

At that moment, when Lara was writing with a taste as if she had already expected it, Baikal unusually added an additional explanation.

"But if I ever have the opportunity to go to her performance, I would definitely like to reserve an S seat."

The applause that filled the Colosseum showed no signs of stopping, and the remaining participants felt their legs loosen.

'Pass, it's a pass.'

No matter what happened, the feeling of successfully graduating was thrilling enough to not be able to exchange with anything in the world.

'Really...... Did I graduate?'

Amy was feeling both a sense of unreality that everything felt unreal and a sense of relief that the world was about to collapse.

But that was only for a moment, she quickly put strength into her eyes and lowered her head.

'Let's get it together. It's not over yet.'

The moment you are satisfied, you become a human whose limit is there.

Looking around, the other participants were also gathering in the center of the Colosseum with the expression that it was not over yet.

"First of all, congratulations......"

Dante raised his chin and said.

"But we still have to pick the best, right?"

As if promised, everyone's gaze focused on one person, and Shiro-ne also smiled and loosened her neck.

"Anytime."

With Maya's extra meal, the participants' mental strength was leveled.

So it was a new evaluation that started, and it was the start of a real sword fight where there was no need to worry about failing anymore.

"Woohoo!"

Then the audience started to boo.

Unlike the participants who are pledging to fight in the center, the voice was directed at Nade, who is still standing in the corner.

"Coward! What kind of magician is like you!"

"Where in the world is a magician who passes by luck! You should give way to other participants!"

Shiro-ne stood out the most, but the other participants also fought desperate battles and got their hands on the pass.

On the other hand, Nade did not show any magical abilities worthy of a magician in the first evaluation, and even in the second evaluation, he reached this place with an unbelievable miracle that he did not collide with anyone.

It was natural for the audience, who were still immersed in the emotion of Maya's passing, to feel uncomfortable that he was included in the final round.

"Nade is not a coward."

Liz, who was watching as a graduate of Alpheus Magic School, looked at Nade with a pitiful expression.

"He just... lost his way."

She was the one who erased the only way left for Nade, so she felt more regretful.

"If you give me one more chance."

Liz, who clasped her hands, desperately wished that Nade would not let go of the last thread of hope.

"West Nade. So far, you haven't shown any specialness to judge. There's no battle either. No one tried to confront him."

Elizabeth's words agreed with Lara.

"Luck is also a skill. But this case is quite an extreme fortune. Has there ever been such a case?"

"It's not possible."

"Huh?"

Baikal said with a serious expression.

"The probability of climbing up while avoiding collisions until the final ranking dispute is zero. Therefore, it is correct to say that everyone ran away from Nade, not that Nade ran away."

"But... he didn't seem particularly talented."
[Translated block]


"So that's why you're booed. I don't know. What were those who even cheat death afraid of?"

For a wizard, something scarier than death.

"A situation that cannot be controlled."

Baikal, who realized something, raised his head.

"A variable that can destroy the system, what they were afraid of is perfect chaos."
[Translated block]