


Infinity (3)

"What should we do?"

Iruki's words assumed that what they imagined was correct.

"First, we need to figure out the situation." It was a magician's tendency not to hastily judge a single incident.

"It can be completely different depending on the perspective. If they were trapped here against their will, and couldn't stand the hunger..."

Nade asked.

"Is it not a sin?"

"Well, there should be a social consensus on that... I just want to say that it's natural for a hungry creature to eat something."

Iruki said.

"It's a cold world."

"Yeah. There's only one thing I want to know from them. Whether the standard of this act is law or heart."

The friends closed their mouths at the cold air in Shirone's voice.

"Let's go. The fact that we're still here means there's no exit."

"What if they do this even though there is an exit?"

Shirone took a long breath.

"...Let's hear it."

Shaking off the endless delusions that came to his mind, Shirone moved his feet into the deep darkness.

The road seemed to narrow gradually, but when he reached the end, a large space appeared.

His eyes hurt by the torch someone was holding, Shirone turned off his infrared vision.

"Are you the village chief?"

He vowed not to judge, but his tone was rough.

Probably because of the old man's too clear eyes and the smell of blood from him.

"I am Kashiram, the village chief. Where did you come from?"

Nade said.

"Where did you come from? We came from outside. If you don't explain what happened in the village..."

Before he finished speaking, the village chief lay flat on his face.

"Please save us!"

When Shirone and his party looked at him in confusion, he lifted his head and sobbed.

"I didn't think I could live... The entrance suddenly collapsed. It was her doing. We were all fooled. Oh, I should have listened to Ravica."

According to the letter, Ravica seemed to be the only sane person in the village.

"Where is he now? Is he alive?" The village chief shook his head.

"I was foolish. I came to my senses after the passage was gone. We tried our best to get out, but it was futile. We lost our lives one by one."

Iruki asked.

"Survivors?"

"There are seven of us in total, including me and these friends. When we first came in, there were more than 100 people."

Shirone's expression changed uncomfortably.

"Seven out of 100? How long have you been here that so many people have been sacrificed?"

"I don't know. What day is it today? It's all dark here. We formed an exploration team to find an exit, but they never came back."

The village chief bowed his head again.

"Please! Please help us... Tell us where the exit is!"

"Let's go to the survivors first." As Shirone walked forward, the village chief finally confirmed who was speaking.

"Huh?"

He was much younger than expected, and none of them even had weapons.

"How did you get here without fire... No, is there really an exit?"

Nade snapped.

"There is, that's why we came in. Hurry up and guide us."

The village chief, who was startled, looked back at the men behind him and moved his body toward the side road.

Then the men turned around, and Shirone did not miss the bloody club one of them was holding.

As he followed the side road, a small room with clothes piled on the floor appeared.

When the village chief brought in strangers, three people who were waiting in the room jumped up.

A woman in her mid-forties and two children who looked like siblings.

'Women and children.'

If only strong men were survivors, the suspicion would have tilted more.
[Translated block]


"Village chief, who are these people?"

"Greet them. They are the ones who came from outside to save us. We can live now."

The woman's eyes shook for a moment, but she soon covered her face as if moved.

"Really... can we really get out of here? God, you were watching over us."

"We'll have to hear the story."

Iruki said.

"We found a letter in the village. Did you kill the child of Lavica?"

"Absolutely not!"

The village chief stretched out both hands.

"At first, we tried to do that. We were deceived by that evil woman's twist. In fact, the village was on the verge of destruction. From one day, plants and animals withered, and if we drank water from the mountain, we had diarrhea and vomiting. That's when that woman came to the village. She said we had to offer a sacrifice to God. It was a child. The only child in the village was Lavica's child."

He explained the situation in as short a time as possible and changed his eyes and continued.

"But we came to our senses. The cave entrance collapsed, and we realized we had been fooled. Maybe the villagers who didn't come are all dead. That woman is a witch. She must have taken the child with her."

"I see."

Remembering what he heard in his head, Shirone asked.

"Then tell me what happened here. The reason you were able to survive for more than three weeks here, wasn't it because there were victims in some way?"

"Well, that's...!"

Shirone cut off the village chief's words.

"I'm not trying to blame you. It's just that they were also fellow villagers, how did they become sacrifices?"

The village chief looked at the woman and said in a sad voice.

"We tried to hold on at first. We said we shouldn't do this, we vowed and vowed again. We got tired gradually, and one person died. He was the oldest person in our village."

He didn't want to ask his name.

"Then, an agreement was made. At least that's what I think. No one spoke first, but we were so hungry and hungry...

Nade didn't shake.

"What about next?"

"It's hard once. Why were there so many victims? There were over 90 mouths at the time. One body wasn't enough. There was even a situation where we fought to get what was left. It was cannibalism, and we finally decided to draw lots. And that's how... that's how we held on until here."

In the silence, Shirone asked again.

"Draw lots?"

"Yes, we survived that way. Don't misunderstand me, but I also drew lots. These kids will prove it."

The girl said.

"It's true. Brother, please save me. I can't stand it because it's too hard."

To entrust one's life to probability means to entrust it to law.

'There is no sin in a cold world.'

It is because God is indifferent.

'If there was no manipulation, and if their words are true...

Shirone asked again.

"Where are the bodies of the victims? There won't be any bones left, will there?"

"Oh, that..."

As the village chief noticeably panicked, Nade seized the opportunity and snapped.

"Tell me quickly! Where did you hide it?"

At that moment, a man with a club raised his fierce eyes and stepped forward.

He had eaten well and was originally strong, so he didn't care about the threats of those who had just passed their twenties.

"Stop it. Aren't they young men who came to save us?"

The reason why the village chief stopped the man was because of a question that did not leave his mind.

'How did they get in?'

He didn't even know the concept of infrared vision, so he had no idea what Shirone's party was.

"I'm sorry. The bones were put away far away. It was too scary to keep them around...

The boy cried out loud.
[Translated block]


"Please send it. I want to get out of here quickly. Right?"

"That was almost perfect."

As Shirone took a step, the crying stopped and the village head and the men backed away.

'What?'

He felt like an invisible sword pierced his heart as he looked into Shirone's eyes.

'Like??????

Just like when I first saw that woman.

"What are you talking about? It was perfect. Are you saying we lied? If so, we can show you the bones right now."

"No, I've already seen them."

Shirone's spirit zone had empathized with the entire mountain beyond the cave.

"I prayed there was a reason. That there was a reason for hiding the survivors down there, too...

The village head's gaze moved to the side.

'How did he know?'

The villagers who backed away as Shirone moved eventually stuck to the wall.

"The only thing I'm curious about is that you left this woman and children behind after doing such a cruel thing."

"That, that's compassion...

Shirone glared fiercely at the children.

"Who are you?"

As soon as the words were over, a man with a club ran at Shirone.

"Dieeeeee!"

At the same time, Nade went into the man's arms and struck his side with a shock.

"Uaaaaaa!"

The man who vibrated his whole body rolled his eyes and fell, and the village head ran away screaming.

"Stop him!"

"Kiiiiii!"

The eyes that revealed their true colors were not sane, but they were no match anyway.

Two people fell out of the photon cannon, and the woman shouted with the children in front of her.

"Kill them! They're bad people!"

The children each held a knife and charged, but Shirone's eyes did not waver.

He had already made up his mind.

"......Photon cannon."

As the children were hit by the flash and flew to either side of her, she knelt down with a thud.

"Who are you?"

Nade wrapped electricity around his arm and approached her.

"You better tell me who you are. I'm a very scary person."

She avoided his gaze and suddenly stuck out her tongue and bit it hard.

Shirone and his party just watched.

She realized her mistake and pulled out a dagger and shouted with blood flowing from her mouth.

"Just leave me alone!"

She pierced her own heart with one blow and fell to the floor with a suffocated expression.

"She's dead."

Iruki looked at the woman and turned his head.

"Let's go after the village head. We have to save the survivors first."

Shirone cast Shining magic and ran quickly through the cave that was bright as day.

As he went down a pit that was almost vertical, he saw an iron cage where the survivors were trapped.

About 20 people were trapped, and among them a young woman grabbed the iron bars and asked.

"Who are you?"

Seeing normal eyes, Shirone was sure.

"Lavica."

She made a shocked expression for a moment, then came to her senses and shouted.

"Catch the village head! You have to kill him before that woman comes! She's a devil!"

As Nade and Iruki guarded the rear, Shirone walked along a side road.

"Huhu. Huhuhu."

An ominous laugh and a disgusting smell that could be heard before turning the corner.

Nade spat out a curse from his mouth.

"Bastard."

The village head buried in more than 20 corpses raised both arms with an ecstatic expression.

Something long was hanging from them.

"You've come well, to the holy land of God."
[Translated block]