


[723] The World We Live In (4)

The confrontation of the law, White Black.

Survivors: 9 people.

There are 4 survivors in White.

"So far, we have the advantage."

Among them was Marco, who forced the harmony of the law on Shirone from the carriage.

"Just a while ago, 4 people died at the same time in Black. Three of them were the only ones who moved as a team."

Since it was information confirmed through Marco's weapon card, the periscope, it must have been accurate.

"Black will fight individually to the end. If we act together from now on, there is a possibility."

Breeze, who is a hairdresser in the White area, said.

"Hmm, that would be best. But before that, we have to decide by voting. It's about revealing the cards."

It's natural to not want to share if you get a weapon card essential for survival, even if you're on the same team.

At first, the participants of White also aimed for minimal cooperation, but in the end, 6 victims were created.

"I'm against it. Isn't it too early to combine cards? After all, Black is just one more than us."

The person who threw the opposing opinion was a man in his mid-50s named Ballard, who was a security guard in the White area.

He would have been superior in combat power than other participants because he was trained, but in White Black, the weapon card was everything.

'He has a good card.'

Marco wanted to combine the cards even more.

"Okay, let's decide by voting. I, Breeze, and Atria agree to combine the cards."

A 16-year-old girl, Atria, raised her hand.

"I haven't said anything yet."

Of course, she didn't have a high-ranking card, but if she obediently agreed to combine the cards, she would be underestimated.

"I know, whatever the card is... Okay, I got it. What are you going to do? Are you a team or an individual?"

Atria bowed her head with a sullen expression.

"Team."

"If you're going to do that anyway..."

Marco, who sighed heavily, looked back at Ballard.

"Now, it's over, right? Three votes in favor. One vote against."

Ballard's face was crumpled.

"Damn vote."

"Hey, if you ignore the discipline of White..."

"I know. I'm a security guard. It's a job to throw away the silent bowl if you don't keep the rules. Don't try to teach me, you're young."

When Marco lived peacefully in the White area, he was also on the good side of the relationship with the residents.

'I will definitely survive and return.'

He could be shameless as much as he wanted when he thought of his family waiting at home.

"Then let's share the cards from now on. After combining all of them, they will be redistributed according to the role. Combat, support, exploration, etc...."

At that time, when Marco was rummaging through his bosom and speaking, Shirone landed with the noise of spatial movement.

"What, what is it!"

All the participants of White stood up.

"How are you alive?"

Since the survivors of White confirmed by the periscope card were definitely 4 people, Marco felt like he had seen a ghost.

Shirone held out the conductor card and said.

"I'm Black. I came to make a proposal."

"Conductor...."

As Breeze looked at the job card with shining eyes, Marco's head spun quickly.

'A conductor came out? So it's 4 to 5? If Shirone comes over to White, we can form a team and have a numerical advantage. We won."

Shirone asked with a twisted expression.

"Why are you so surprised? Did you think I would die when I activated the harmony of the law?"

"No, not at all. I told you. It's not particularly dangerous. We were also looking for you."

Everyone knew it was a lie, but it was a situation where they couldn't honestly confess.

"How about moving with us, forgetting about the past? If you join us, the game will be on the White side...."

"I'm Black."

Shirone cut off the conversation.

"I'm just saying again, I came to make a proposal. If you accept it, I won't do anything bad to you."
[Translated block]


Living was reflected in the eyes of the ballad.

"Hey, kid. You seem to think that the constructor is omnipotent, but this is a battlefield where the law forms harmony. There's no reason we can't do it like Black."

Marco stopped Ballad.

"Wait a minute. There's no need to fight if you might become an ally, right? How about deciding by vote?"

This time, Shiro-ne snorted.

"Sounds like a vote."

The participants turned pale at the sight of the photon cannon's photons floating on the palm of their hand.

"Ma, magic...?"

When he threw it away as if to shake off the vibrating sphere of light, the rock exploded with a loud noise.

'How can a constructor use magic? Is it a weapon card? No, there's no sign of pulling out a card. Then....'

He was a wizard from the beginning.

"Could it be... Did you kill the Black team?"

There was no other reason to find that four participants in the Black area died at the same time.

"That's right. Whether it's Black or White, it doesn't matter. If you don't respond to my proposal, the same will happen to the four of you."

At the creepy threat, Marco shut his mouth and Breeze asked with a scared face.

"What's the proposal?"

Shiro-ne stepped forward with his hand outstretched.

"Take out all the cards you have."

* * *

Labyrinth Andre-World No. 1.

'It's a dragon. It's a real dragon.'

I've seen the water dragon Chaos on Galliant Island, but it's the first time I've had a conversation so close.

'And that's Caratorsa.'

It's called the Dragon King, the Dragon of No Rank, Caratorsa, but in Shiro-ne's world, it's known to no longer exist.

-When no one can handle it, I will handle it.

Only the words spit out before falling asleep in a deep place in the wilderness where no one can find are remembered.

"Caratorsa, I found the one who remembers reincarnation."

The dragon of lightning that pulled Shiro-ne out of the cave landed next to Caratorsa and said.

'It's definitely different.'

Unlike other dragons, it had a sleek body, and its sharp beak reminded me of a sword.

"It's definitely so. But this probably belongs to the first reincarnation, Blitz."

Shiro-ne's eyes popped open.

'Blitz? That dragon?'

Caratorsa became a legend after falling asleep, but Blitz was the most famous dragon in Shiro-ne's world.

Thunder Dragon Blitz.

Among the 1st dragons called the 12 Apostles, it was unanimously evaluated as the strongest in terms of combat power.

The scene of scattering lightning on the ground while flying at supersonic speed is a picture symbolizing Blitz, and Shiro-ne also imagined that scene through numerous works of many artists.

"......That's right. It's the first incident."

Blitz, who absorbed Caratorsa's experience, looked down at Shiro-ne with cold eyes.

"It's a drop of poison burned by the flow of time. It's natural to remove it before it spreads further."

The result created by Shiro-ne was just saving a few primitives, but in the future, it would have developed into a completely different history.

"You know."

But that meant that the dragons fully understood the reset.

Caratorsa said.

"Man from the future, we are the apostles who protect time from the fear of reincarnation. But because of you, hundreds of millions of people who will exist in the future will disappear."

If some transcendent being tries to change the system through a reset, the dragon was an antithesis to it.

"I understand the responsibility. But I can't ignore people in danger."

That was Shiro-ne's car.

"We can't delay any longer. Disappear for the hundreds of millions of people you will erase again."

Plasma breath began to spread chillingly between the clenched teeth of Blitz.

"No. No."

Mitochondrial Eve blocked Shiro-ne's front and spread her arms wide.

"Step back, the one who remembers reincarnation. If you don't remove this man, your design will also become useless."
[Translated block]


The incident under Mitochondrial Eve was essential information for the apostle guarding time.

"I can do it."

Mitochondrial Eve was doing her best to speak the language.

"Shirone... can do it. Can stop it."

"Can you stop it?"

Karatorsa, who had been lost in thought for a moment, looked back at Shirone and opened his eyes wide.

"Kuk!"

The feeling of the head filling up with light was similar to the eye technique Clear, but it was a different dimension of intensity.

'Memories are being forcibly opened.'

It was a kind of mental hacking, and Shirone did her best to block Karatorsa's connection.

'With the Ultima system...!'

As the initial language made up of binary was disassembled, the head of the dragon soared into the sky.

"Kuuuuung!"

"Karatorsa!"

Blitz, who shouted sharply, glared at Shirone and created a sphere of brain electricity in front of him.

"How dare you...!"

Karatorsa's voice stopped Blitz.

"The ultimate language."

The dragons turned their heads to where Karatorsa was looking up at the sky with his huge eyes wide open.

"Indeed... is that so?"

If the signal that implements the world is the language of the dragon, the Ultima system was the upper signal that implements that language.

"So you were able to come here. You've unlocked the seal of time with the ultimate language."

To be precise, it was opening the prison of space-time created by Geopin with the Ultima system.

"You can do it, human. If your signal is added, you can correct the twisted history."

"What is the method?"

Karatorsa's explanation was strange.

"You can't turn back an event that has already happened unless the time before now is not sealed."

This place was the first world.

"Then you have no choice but to forcibly correct history in a state where you can't turn back. It's about predicting all the variables that will happen in the future and removing them."

"Is that... possible?"

"If it's the computational ability of the apostle of time, the dragon tribe, it's possible. Approximately 673 years from now, history will flow as if you had not come."

It was the time when a drop of poison was purified.

"The problem is that it's not a way to remove it according to the flow of time. It has to happen simultaneously. So you need the master code, the ultimate language. You infiltrate the world directly and apply the results we have derived."

"It's an immortal function."

It's about entering a new variable that transcends space-time by infinitely expanding the self into the Ultima system.

The insight that had been vaguely guessed at some point.

'This is the way to unlock Andre's seal.'

Even though he was exploring 19,000 worlds at the same time, each Shirone was a being with its own life.

'I don't want to die.'

So what was needed to unlock Andre's seal was something that would willingly sacrifice itself.

"Human, find me in your world in the distant future. Blitz will guide you."

Blitz, who met Shirone's eyes, nodded his head with a steady gaze like time.

"Sacrifice yourself. For the hundreds of millions of lives that will disappear because of you, throw yourself away."

For those who will live in the future.

"For the future."

Mitochondrial Eve teared up.

'I can wait. I can endure.'

It's not an eternal farewell.

But she knew how long it would take until they met again.

It was a period of tens of thousands of years.

The size of the longing she had to bear alone for an eternity, waiting only for Shirone to appear.

"You have to choose, human."

Shirone, who took a deep breath, looked up at the setting sun and was lost in thought.

"I am......"

Hundreds of eyes were waiting for the decision.

(End of Volume 29)
[Translated block]