


[435] The Opportunity for Revenge (7)

Lacis returned to her room and unclipped her cloak.

The red cloth flowed like liquid from her shoulders and fell to the floor.

A wound that looked like an earthquake was visible between the clothes torn by the photon cannon.

She threw off her clothes annoyingly and looked at herself in the mirror.

It was a hideous body.

It did not match any of the divine proportions, and no one would call it beautiful.

A monster that was attached to her neck.

It was shriveled, distorted, and even dull in color, but it was also the result of desperate efforts.

"Disgusting..."

Lacis was a divine citizen. A very excellent one.

But she was listed as a subject of the One Drink for trying to access the Creation Myth, which was forbidden to study in heaven.

She melts. She becomes a terrible giant.

It was a sin to show fear in front of the sacred drink, but she knew it.

The One Drink was the most terrible tragedy that humans could experience, and a more miserable end than death.

Like some of the subjects of the One Drink, Lacis also bought the awakening agent Epines through a secret route.

No one knew if it worked, but it was a precious thing for those who had reached a dead end.

Lacis held Epines like a life water and sat on a bench in the square and prayed earnestly.

'Please let my mind stay in the giant's body.'

"Do you want to live?"

As if responding to the call, a voice was heard.

He was a middle-aged man with a kind face and a handsome beard.

She had heard rumors that there were people who tried to analyze and approach it academically when everyone believed that the One Drink was a sacred drink.

The man was also one of those people, and he gave Lacis a trick.

"If you want to live, eat this before you go into the One Drink."

What the man handed over was a small bottle the size of a finger.

"What's in it?"

"Flies."

"Yuck!"

Lacis frowned, but the man said firmly as if revealing an important fact.

"Be sure to swallow it alive. Then you can live."

It was disgusting even to imagine, but it was a matter of life and death, so Lacis couldn't throw away the bottle.

That's how the One Drink was carried out, and Lacis opened the bottle cap with the thought that she would be lucky if she could survive.

She bit the mouth of the bottle and tilted her head, and something hard wandered around her mouth. Vomiting came up.

She endured the nauseous feeling and swallowed the flies.

The Kergoans came in, stripped off her clothes, and led her to one of eight glass spheres next to the giant statue.

'Please, please save me.'

While plasma rose, Lacis was so scared that she couldn't even open her eyes and devoted herself to prayer.

The black liquid filled the glass sphere, and her body fell apart and mixed with others.

She felt like she was asleep in a place where many consciousnesses were combined.

It was different from what she expected, but she couldn't feel alive either. It was a hopeless state.

The giants born from each area gathered together and started marching toward Jotunheim.

A day passed like that, and at dawn, one of the many giants screamed and knelt down.

The giant's body soon separated into flesh and bones and melted like cheese.

Only Lacis knelt down in a crouching position where there was a foul smell.

"Huh! Huh!"

The first thing she realized when she regained consciousness was the joy of life.

The man's words were right.

She really came back alive from the giant's body after eating flies.

'I did it! I'm alive!'

Thud! Thud!

As giants taller than buildings shook the ground, she put aside her joy for a moment and ran away.

She felt lighter than before, and it felt good too.

She just felt thirsty.

As soon as she thought that, she felt surprisingly that there was spring water several kilometers away.
[Translated block]


'She was sensitive. Could it be the power of the giants?'

She ran and ran, but she didn't even run out of breath.

The moment she bent her upper body to drink water as she arrived at the spring,

"Kyaahhhhh!"

Lacis's scream of despair filled the forest as she discovered her face reflected on the water.

More cruel than the shock of seeing a horrible face was the fact that it was none other than her own.

Lacis screamed like a madman.

"No! Give me back my body! Give it back!"

Then the man who taught Lacis magic came slowly through the forest.

The one who made Lacis a monster.

But now that a long time had passed, she suddenly remembered.

Maybe he was the only one who fully accepted her as she was.

"Why, why did you make me like this! Why did you do this to me!"

"Because you said you wanted to live. What else is more important to a living being?"

"Stop talking nonsense! You, you, could you live like this in such a hideous form?"

The man sneered.

"Whatever you become, you are you. By destroying your form, you have gained infinite forms."

Lacis looked at the man who was getting farther away with a blank expression.

She thought of the only question in the midst of the terrible fact that there was no way to turn back.

"Who are you... really?"

The man stopped and turned his head slightly. And he said his name was Satan.

Lacis looked at her reflection in the mirror with cold eyes.

How many humans had she merged with to become even remotely human-like?

Norin, Kergoin, Meccain, even those from the land of earth, she absorbed their traits.

It gave Lacis powerful force and vast knowledge, but it also caused severe side effects.

As soon as she let her guard down, strange changes occurred all over her body, and they moved without her will.

"Shirone. My savior."

Shirone's spirit could contain all traits, and she thought of mixing the most beautiful being in the world.

It was the body of an angel.

* * *

The second thousandth Lachia. The city of fallen angels.

A place where angels who have been negligent in their duties and intoxicated with their power since ancient times have been imprisoned for breaking the law at will.

Cariel looked down from above Lachia.

The rebellious fallen angels were still wasting their eternal lives in lazy poses.

"Hmph, useless things."

Cariel, who had requested support from Girshin, the giant legion commander, but was rejected, turned his eyes to Lachia.

Even if the fallen angels were angels and had to follow Anke Ra's prophecy, he was confident that there would be one exception.

The angel of desire, Icasa.

She was the fallen angel who captured Amy and her party and offered them to Jebul when an incident occurred in Area 73.

At that time, Icasa wanted to be restored as a plain angel by bringing three virgins to Cariel as a reward, but she received a heavier punishment as Shirone left for the original world.

So while countless fallen angels were killing time aimlessly, she alone was tied to a huge iron ball in a deep place 300 meters underground and endlessly spinning in an infinite orbit.

"Haa. Haa."

The iron ball with a diameter of 20 meters made a loud noise as it rolled around at a terrifying speed.

In the afterimage of rotation, Icasa's miserable face flashed by as she covered her eyes and bit her gag.

Cariel watched the trajectory until the iron ball turned around and then reached out to the returning iron ball.

The light body flashed and spread out like a ring, stopping the iron ball that was rushing like a wall with a bang sound.

"Huuu, huuu."

Icasa, who was tied to the iron ball with her back bent like a bow, dripped sweat and moaned painfully.

When Cariel cut off the leather that covered his eyes, Icasa lifted his eyelids tiredly and then shed tears
[Translated block]
Flu took out a small device from her pocket and attached it to the lock of the iron door. It was a hacking tool that could bypass any security system in hell. She had borrowed it from Babel without his permission.

'He won't mind. He's too busy searching for Shirone anyway.'

The device beeped softly and displayed a green light. The door was unlocked. Flu pushed it open and entered cautiously.

What she saw inside made her gasp in horror. There
[Translated block]


Flu's brow furrowed as she pressed her ear against the iron door and listened to the sound.

She had a feeling that she shouldn't check inside, but in the end she opened Pandora's box.

"This, this is...!"

Flu's eyes were shocked as she peeked inside through the gap of the iron door that was unlocked.
[Translated block]