
"Of course. That's the only way to stop this madness." Miro said calmly. "You're not the only one who can manipulate reality, Shura. There are others who can break through your lies."

Shura laughed mockingly. "Oh, really? Who are they? The pathetic humans who can't even survive a bullet? The weaklings who rely on machines and weapons to fight? Or the fools who follow your orders blindly?"

Miro clenched his fists. He knew Shura was trying to provoke him, but he couldn't help feeling angry. He had seen too many of his comrades fall under Shura's twisted games. He had witnessed too many horrors that Shura had created with her power.

"They are not pathetic, weak, or foolish. They are brave, strong, and wise. They are my friends, and they will never give up." Miro said firmly.

Shura sneered. "Friends? What a joke. You don't have any friends, Miro. You only have pawns that you use for your own agenda. You don't care about them at all. You only care about yourself."

Miro shook his head. "That's not true. I care about them more than anything. They are the reason why I'm still fighting. They are the reason why I still have hope."

Shura rolled her eyes. "Hope? What hope? There is no hope in this world, Miro. There is only despair and chaos. And you know why? Because this world is a lie. A lie that you and your precious friends have been living in for so long."

Miro felt a chill run down his spine. He remembered what Lian had said before he attacked him.

"This world is a lie, Miro. A lie that you have to wake up from."

What did he mean by that? What was the truth behind this world? And what was Shura's goal?

Miro decided to ask her directly.

"What do you mean by this world is a lie, Shura? What are you trying to accomplish by destroying it?"
[Translated block]


"But it's not just us who are few. Can we break through this and make it in time?"

As I turned my head to where Shura pointed, the whole desert was eroded by mucous.

"Damn it!"

Marsha spat out a curse.

In a situation where it was hard enough to avoid the attacks of the guardians, mucous sprouted from the ground and attacked her.

She stabbed Peryn's dagger into some of the guardians, but the expansion speed of the mucous was too fast to wait for the exhaustion state.

"Do not interfere with our mission."

Eckser, who had the ability of a bat, flew over Marsha's head and swung his twin swords.

As she rolled over the mucous, mucus-like spikes sprang up following her trajectory.

"What do you want me to do!"

As Marsha clenched her teeth and got up, Targang, who had the ability of explosion, opened his fist's crater.

"It's over!"

Bang! The gas exploded and blew Marsha's body away as she hastily avoided it.

"Ugh!"

Mucous rose up and caught Marsha as she fell.

The mucus flowed quickly and tied her limbs, then rose up like a backflow and lifted her body tens of meters into the air.

"Yikes! Let go of this!"

Marsha struggled for a while and looked across the pyramid.

Fermi, who was caught in the same state, met her eyes and shrugged his shoulders.

"Really crazy!"

Everyone was tied up, leaving only Lian left.

"That's...!"

Marsha's eyes shook with shock as she turned her head north.

'I will not stop!'

When Lian saw that the lower part of the pyramid was covered with mucous, he raised his speed even more.

But mucous also followed Lian's heels like rapids.

"Shoot! Shoot even if you don't die! Shoot with bullets and crush it!"

The full-scale attack of the combat unit was carried out.

"Uaaaaaaa!"

Lian's sword moved like a flash of light, and the bodies of the underground people who were perfect were cut into pieces. (164 kill)

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

As grenades exploded from all sides, dozens of fragments stuck to Lian's left palm as he covered his face.

The bullet scraped the ground in a zigzag pattern and his ankle snapped off.

"Keeeeee!"

Lian twisted his face and stomped on the ground with his right foot.

As if pulling him, his body fell in front of the enemy line and the massacre began.

"Ugh! It's a ghost!"

Lian's face, soaked in blood, was a perfect demon.

"Oh God..."

Priest Bebeto opened his mouth as if he couldn't believe it.

Immortal body.

The eternal flesh that only those who have been recognized by the sun can have was reproduced in front of him.

"Get ready, Shirone."

As mucous flowed from east and west reached the top, Baknyeo said.

But Shirone didn't have much to prepare for.

He just felt the sensation of mucus wrapping around his ankles and savored the last moments of his life.

The delusions that had confused him until now also disappeared like a lie as soon as mucous stuck to his body.

I will make a beautiful world.

'Goodbye everyone...'

Shirone looked at Lian and tears of blood flowed from his eyes.

'I'm sorry, Shirone!'

The blood of enemies pouring like rain mixed with tears of blood and flowed down his face.

'In reality, too, I would have fought like this, sacrificing everything!'

The blood vessels in his heart that could not withstand the blood flow began to break.

'So that's why I fell into this place!'

Smile's hallucinatory voice became clear.

'I couldn't protect you!'

"Stop it! Stop it!"

As he approached the pyramid, the concentration of firepower reached its peak.

As grenades exploded behind him, Lian floated up with fragments stuck in his back.

He barely landed, but lost his balance and knelt on one knee because his left ankle was cut off.

"Now! Grenade! Grenade!"

"In my heart..."
[Translated block]


Lian, who got up, glared at the enemies with his eyes that had only whites left and jumped out.

Build the Kingdom of Faith!(211 kill)

"Uaaaaa!(213 kill) Shoot!(215 kill) Shoot!"(218 kill)

With an unbreakable will(219 kill) and a pride that is stronger than that!(221 kill)

"Don't come!(223 kill) Don't come!"(225 kill)

The courage to choose the right thing(226 kill) and in front of that courage(228 kill) engrave the iron determination that will not waver!(229 kill)

"People(231 kill) save!(233 kill) Cough!"(234 kill)

Always stand on the side of the weak!(236 kill)

"We're(239 kill) all going to die!"(240 kill)

Don't succumb to the logic of the strong!(244 kill)

"Retreat!(246 kill) Retreat!"(248 kill)

Only lead the sword with the spirit of chivalry!(250 kill)

"Crunch! Crunch!"

From the front of Mucus, who was barely keeping up with Lian's speed, countless creatures sprang out as if they were in a dream.

The lady, who was watching Lian's charge that seemed to push the whole world, said in a calm voice.

"......Mahar is pouring in."(257 kill)

The mucous-like shape that had been chasing only Lian's trajectory from the end of his sight was a straight line without a single deviation.

Because she had done so until now, and because she would do so in the future, she was confident in her faith in front of him and did not hide her emotions.

"I'm scared, Yacha."

It was the first time she felt so scared by the fact that something was coming.

"Run! Lian, run!"

Marsha screamed as she struggled.

Fermi, who had been watching his stubborn advance with contempt, had no choice but to cheer for him this time.

'There's no time. The fusion is about to begin.'

Beveto screamed.

"Uaaaaaa!"(273 kill)

Anyone who thought that Yacha, who was advancing through death, was coming to them would have felt their stomach ache.

'Just a little more!'

At the end of killing 273 people, Lian's vision, which was full of blood and flesh, opened wide.

King Kong, who was waiting in front of the pyramid, pounded his swollen chest and shouted.

"Come on! Let's see who's stronger!"

When Lian clenched his greatsword, the front part of Mucus transformed into a huge beast and bit his left arm.

"Kuk!"

It was a result that gave despair to Miro and ecstasy to Shura.

"Crunch! Crunch!"

Mucus seemed to not miss the last chance and sent mucous fluid to the beast to swell its body.

"It's over. This is impossible."

Fermi also had the same thought as Marsha.

'How stupid. What's so great about faith that you ignore tactics.'

But Lian was still moving his feet with his left arm that wouldn't come out behind him.

"Not yet...... no."

Even if everyone said it was over, even if they denied it was impossible.

'I couldn't protect you!'

There is one voice that can never be denied.

"Not yet......!"

That is.

"It's not over yet!"

His own voice.

Acting-Dinai.

"Kraaaang!"

As Lian swung his shoulder with Yacha's slash, the mucous fluid of the huge beast was torn off along with his left arm.

"Woooooo!"

As tons of weight flew like a cannon, King Kong spread his arms and greeted him.

"Take it! I am the strongest underground......! Ack!"

As soon as he collided, King Kong's voice was cut off and he flew buried in mucous fluid and hit the pyramid.

Kwaaaaaaang!(274 kill)

Lian, whose left arm was torn off, clenched his teeth with Dinai's aftermath and made a face.

"Kuuuuu......!"

-Smile. Smile.

There was no time to recover his body, so he started climbing the pyramid by stamping his broken ankle on the ground.

'Shirone! Shirone!'
[Translated block]


And finally, at the point where the top of the pyramid was visible, he kicked the stairs with his right foot and jumped up.

"Shironeee!"

Looking up at Lian floating in the sky, Bebeto sobbed with tears and snot.

"Oh, my God."

The sun was wrapping Lian.

(End of Volume 22)
[Translated block]