


[568] Full-scale War (4)

The six people gathered in the hallway were silent, caught between their lingering anger and a momentary release of tension.

Savina, who was somewhat objective about this matter, asked.

"What do you think? About the proposal from the alliance team."

"The graduation exam pass card came out considering that there is a foreigner in our team. We participated in the scramble just by pulling down the ranking. I guess they thought it would definitely pass if it was a condition of passing the graduation exam."

At Iruki's words, Dorothy asked.

"Is it a situation where I have to apologize? Because I was the one who first suggested accepting it."

"No. You made a natural demand. A team that has to sacrifice one person is not worth existing. Because it's a game where teamwork is important."

'It's cold.'

As Dorothy felt that way, Shiroe spoke.

"I have no complaints about Dorothy's judgment. Personally, it's an unpleasant proposal, but everyone has a purpose. If we blame Dorothy, we who brought in the foreigner are worse."

Nade drew the attention of his friends.

"Okay, let's become garbage from now on. If we act according to our feelings, there is no end. Let's just look at efficiency."

Everyone agreed, but it was still difficult to speak out, and Nade, as the chairman, took the lead.

"Honestly, I think it's a good suggestion."

Shiroe nodded.

"I think so too. I don't like the idea of ​​putting human emotions as a condition."

In fact, I want to cancel the Scramble Royal right now and declare war on Kaiden.

But thinking rationally, it was half a success just because Amy wasn't involved in Kaiden's demands.

'Sorry, Amy. But if Kaiden tries to do something to you, I won't be able to fight.'

Even if I have to accept the forfeit card.

Iruki glanced at Amy and said.

"If you exclude emotions like Shiroe said, it may not be a serious problem to consider. If Shiroe confesses anyway, Maya won't accept it if it's like this. I can tell you in advance."

"Kuk!"

Amy couldn't help but reveal her feelings.

Seeing her face, biting her lips and tearing up, everyone became solemn.

'Yeah, Iruki's right.'

It's just too humiliating and prideful to change your mind easily.

Savina, who understood her feelings, said.

"Amy, if you really don't like it......"

"Two people."

Amy interrupted.

"Pass two people. If not, I won't do it either."

The difference between one and two people in a graduation exam where ten people graduate is big, but there was no one to oppose.

"Okay. Let's go with two people. Don't worry too much. You know? We're definitely going to win."

Amy glared at Kaiden in the research club instead of answering.

'I will never forgive you.'

After Nade, who had finished coordinating opinions, went in with the girls, Iruki, who was left in the hallway, asked Shiroe.

"Are you really okay?"

"Yeah. Honestly, I'm relieved. If Amy was included in the compensation and consideration, I would......"

"No, not that."

Shiroe changed his expression and looked at Iruki.

"About passing two people. Amy hasn't lost her reason. If Dorothy and Savina have a chance to get two cards fairly, they will also have a motive to fight for their lives. But you know? In the graduation exam, you and I are competitors in the end. If two people receive Fermi's protection, the difficulty of passing can only increase."

Only then did Shiroe, who realized it, smile.

"Yeah. It doesn't matter."

And the next moment, as if it had always been, Shiroe's face turned cold like an ice chamber.

"Because I'm just waiting for that day to come sooner."

Iruki, looking at the back of Shiroe returning to the research club, felt a chilling chill.

'Fermi, everything has been going as planned so far, but......'
[Translated block]


The last one to enter, Iluki, closed the door.

"Shirone will not be easy."

* * *

10 hours have passed since the meeting began.

The faces of the 12 people were full of fatigue, and their eyes were slowly getting dark.

Hershey, who had recorded all the decided matters without omission, moved on to the last agenda.

"Now only detailed adjustments remain. Any opinions?"

Nade spoke as if he had been waiting.

"Even if there are casualties, no responsibility will be asked."

The tone was not high, but it was a time when hostility towards the opponent's team reached its peak.

"Good. We're the same, so let's discuss this right away."

Hershey, who was recording on paper, recalled the content he had heard from Fermi before coming to Istas.

"Armand? What is that?"

Fermi frowned and said.

"It's an object of Shirone. It would be good to keep it unusable in this Scramble Royal if possible. No, it's essential."

"Essential? Is it such a powerful object?"

"It's dangerous."

If Fermi says it's dangerous, it means it's really dangerous.

"Can you lead the discussion if it's such a great weapon? The other side will never give up?"

Fermi smiled and pointed to Hershey.

"Suggest this when you do."

Hershey, who had finished thinking, said.

"This time, we suggest. Shirone's Armand cannot be used in Scramble Royal."

'I know Armand.'

It was the moment when it was confirmed that Fermi was behind him.

"I can't accept that."

Shirone shook her head firmly.

She didn't want to show that she was dependent on weapons, but her desire to blow up her enemies right away was greater.

"It's an activity unrelated to school. I will use Armand, and if you want to use weapons, you can do as much as you want."

"If you insist, there's nothing we can do. But then we have to use the card of revenge."

Nade snorted.

"What card do you have to suggest? You must have heard something from Fermi, but nothing is worth exchanging with Armand."

"Really? If I heard from Fermi, you must have heard from Shirone?"

"What are you talking about?"

Hershey raised his index finger and said.

"If Shirone does not use Armand, we will not use Fermi's chip."

Shirone bit her lip.

'Ah, there was such a way.'

"Since you already know, you will understand quickly. Currently, Fermi has about 10 billion gold worth of magic. For reference, the magic that Fermi has used so far is only a few million gold at most. If you use Armand, Fermi is ready to give all the chips to the coalition team, even if you have to shake off mercy."

Shirone went out strongly.

"Huh! Even so......"

"Yes, I heard it's a great weapon. But even so, you can't lead the game alone. On the other hand, all six of us are strengthened."

'Hershey's words make sense. The game is not more important than teamwork.'

This is because there is a rule that if you lose to Kang, you will fundamentally block the force.

In addition, if he pulls out Armand, he will have to fight against the coalition team that uses magic worth 10 billion gold.

"Let's start coordinating opinions. Everyone come out."

Shirone held the 11th secret meeting with her team members.

"As you heard, we need to modify the initial strategy. I didn't expect Fermi to be so interested in Istas......"

Nade stroked his chin and said.

"From the beginning, we expected the coalition team to ban Iluki's cancellation. Because it's a natural enemy with Eden's defense magic. But Armand......"

"If it's worth 10 billion gold, it's definitely a game where we're dragged. Which one is more efficient?"

The only person who could judge was Shirone, who knew the function of Armand perfectly.
[Translated block]
"Let's accept it. The magic of 10 billion gold is definitely not tasty. But I can't do it on these terms."

Iruki made sure to point it out.

"So you think Arman's efficiency is higher? If it's for our safety, there's no need to worry."

"No. As Hershey says, the balance seems right. What I'm saying is let's poke more. I don't remember, but if Fermi saw Arman's ability in the Under Coder......"

Shirone foresaw an unknown probability.

"Even if I suffer a little more, I will choose to ban Arman. If it's Fermi's personality."

Nade said.

"The maximum is higher. I see. Then how about banning Eden's war status?"

Sabina said.

"But that's just a way to implement magic, isn't it? It's like banning Dorothy's Hickory. If we stumble over legitimacy, we might be attacked too."

"There's something more important."

Amy said.

"Anyway, if Iruki's cancellation is not taboo, there is a means to check Eden's defensive magic. Rather, what helps us in this situation is to seal the magic eye of Ancha."

Sabina asked.

"But Ancha didn't even open her eyes during the graduation test, did she? Will she really unseal it in the Scramble Royal?"

"It's not a matter of probability. If there's even a 1% chance, confusion can arise in the decisive moment. So it's better to seal it now. Especially since Ancha has a lot of secrets."

Ancha's origin was the Jinchun Empire, which was completely different from where Shirone and his friends lived, across the sea.

If Kashan occupies the western and central continents, Gustav is in the eastern continent, Jinchun is in the east, and the emperors of these three empires are the current world rulers, the Three Emperors.

"Ancha's major is mental magic, and the series is illusion. But unlike Arin, it's unfamiliar because it's combined with the technology of the East."

If Arin intrudes fundamentally into the opponent's mind, Ancha shocks from the outside with an illusion close to reality.

According to the scout's words during the graduation test, it was as strong as the fourth stage of the survival test, and if she stabs with the blade of illusion, it was said that it would shock the mind as much as the fourth stage 'amputation' that Shirone had passed.

"Ancha's illusion magic is closer to omnipotence than omniscience. If the seal of the magic eye is released, the intensity will not be about the fourth stage."

They have to deal with such illusions for seven days.

Considering the number of students in the graduation class who passed the fourth stage 'amputation' during the survival test, it was better to block it.

"Okay. Seal Ancha's magic eye."

Shirone, who agreed on the opinion, returned to the study group and suggested to Hershey.

"I'll accept it. But I'll bet on Ancha's seal release. If you accept that, I'll also ban the use of Arman."

Ancha, who had no change in expression until now, frowned.

'You were going to unseal it.'

As Iruki was sure, Hershey looked back at Ancha and asked her intentions.

"What are you going to do?"

Ancha, who quickly corrected her expression, nodded.

"Okay. I didn't even think about unsealing it anyway."

I felt rather relieved.

'The Scramble Royal is not everything. Even if you win here, you have to fight with Geumhwarun again.'

Then the bell rang at midnight.

"With this, the consultation is over. If you have anything more to add, say it now. I'm going to enter it in the veto now."

Hershey asked, taking out a pen and paper.

"No. Now all that's left is to stick."

There was nothing more to say after discussing fiercely for 12 hours.

There were some disappointing parts, but most of them were satisfied with this negotiation because they also gained.

As Hershey recorded the matters on the veto paper, a whopping forty-eight sheets of memo paper piled up.

"Then let's start."

Hershey, who put the paper in the veto in order, pressed the lens that looked like a buzzer after entering the last record.

With a click, the lens flashed blue, and Lulu's voice was converted into an electrical signal and plugged into everyone's head in an instant.
[Translated block]
Scramble Royale Battle.

Waiting time. 10 hours 58 minutes 32 seconds.
[Translated block]