


[402] Final Decision (2)

Middle East. Kingdom of Parash.

On the western map of Parash, the origin of ancient civilization, the largest Akkad desert in the world is painted in yellow.

A sea of sand that stretches endlessly.

It is very difficult for living things to survive in this place where eternal time has been scorched.

However, human footprints were imprinted on the sand that spread softly as if cream had been applied.

At the end of the footprints, a huge pyramid called an ancient relic stood like a mirage.

The center of the Akkad desert was an oasis that had dried up completely, and even travelers did not dare to approach, but a few people knew that this was the dungeon where the most famous magician in the world lived.

A dungeon belonging to infiltration difficulty A2.

The person walking leisurely inside was Kang Nan, the former secretary-general of the Torumia Magic Association.

Wherever she passed, monsters above tier 5 were stuck to the wall and writhed.

The sound of high heels hitting the stone floor echoed oppressively over their moans.

Kang Nan's outfit was a mess after a long battle.

The button was missing and the front was open, and the stockings were expanded in droplet shapes here and there.

She held a long horn in her right hand, which was one of dozens of horns attached to the tail of some monster.

The tail was connected to a green body that looked more than 2 tons, and at the end of the body was a desert king basilisk with his nose sunken in and his tongue bitten.

Squeak squeak squeak.

Kang Nan's appearance of dragging a monster more than 20 times larger than herself was definitely alien, but compared to her light footsteps that did not feel any weight, that was also a trivial problem.

Kang Nan, who arrived at the end of the maze, pushed open the stone door and entered.

It was a huge hollow, and countless creatures living in the desert were stuffed like bark with their skin dried up.

Someone with a turban on his head was working with his back turned at a table 80 meters away.

Instead of knocking, Kang Nan dragged Basilisk's tail and threw it.

Kuuuung!

A magnificent echo rang throughout the hollow.

"Can't you just let me in if you know?"

The person in the turban finally turned around. She was a slender woman wearing a desert-colored cloak.

Her eyes without double eyelids were large and long, and her chin was so thin that it was weak. He was sucking on a pacifier that newborn babies use, which contrasted with his deep and dark eyes and gave off an overall mysterious atmosphere.

"Long time no see, Kang Nan."

The woman's name was Zulu.

She was an official first-class grand mage of the Kingdom of Parash and the strongest summoner on earth who could summon liches among tier 1 monsters.

"Yes. You look like you're doing well."

Kang Nan spoke in Middle Eastern, but Zulu insisted on continental language.

"I'm fine. I haven't been out much since then."

He still had a habit of attaching honorifics to certain endings.

It didn't match the grammar of continental language, but it couldn't be helped if it became a habit from the beginning.

"Sit down. I'll bring you something to drink."

Kang Nan moved her steps with an uneasy expression.

If Zulu had skills, she could make water from where she sat, but that wasn't the problem. It seemed that he had his own rationality that differed from common sense when he became a first-class grand mage or so.

As expected, Zulu poured an unidentified liquid into an experimental beaker and placed it on the table.

Kang Nan's expression looking at it was uncomfortable.

Water is more valuable than jewels in the desert if it is not magic. Even if it wasn't drinking water, a huge amount of water would be needed to run the experimental equipment in the hollow.

The monsters stuffed around were squeezed out without a drop of water because of their strange taste.

Zulu took out his pacifier and tasted the liquid in his beaker. It was precious water, so Kang Nan had no choice but to pretend to drink it as well.

"Thank you. It's not like 10 years ago when you gave me something like desert worm urine?"

"I can't give you that kind of thing to someone who came after a long time. That's very precious water."
[Translated block]


Kang Nan tilted the beaker slightly and tasted it.

As soon as his tongue started to get wet, ecstasy rose from his throat.

"It's okay. Then what is this?"

"It's my pee."

Kang Nan spat out the water he had in his mouth with the beaker.

It was a great favor to the first-class grand wizard that he didn't spill it on the floor.

Zulu smiled and said.

"Don't worry. It's distilled water."

"Of course it should be. But it seems like I have a lot of this in my body too."

"Hehe. You're still the same, Kang Nan."

Zulu recalled the first time he met Kang Nan 10 years ago.

He was much more rustic and young, but his prickliness that caught the madman Gaold was no less than now.

'You've grown a lot.'

Kang Nan at that time was a bleeding wolf. A beast full of hostility that raised its fangs no matter who the opponent was.

But now he had lost a lot of his aggressiveness.

He would have been lucky to get out of his life if he had come down to the 19th floor of the pyramid without Gaold.

"The elements of nature circulate. There is a cycle within a cycle. The act of drinking water is not possessing water, but joining a huge cycle of life and death and causing another cycle. When you entrust yourself to a perfect cycle where there is nothing to throw away or leave behind, humans can harmonize with nature."

Kang Nan listened carefully to Zulu's words.

He was not a wizard, but he met the truth at the apex.

There was nothing to throw away from the teachings of the first-class grand wizard.

"Is that the secret to being able to control the King of the Dead?"

A lich is an ideologue made by condensing the will of a grand wizard. Therefore, it is known that it cannot clear the last stage of death, extinction, because it is already a dead target.

There is a rumor in academia that Zulu himself became a lich and his summons are just doppelgangers, but Kang Nan, who had seen him summon a lich, knew it was a lie.

When he saw it 10 years ago, he only thought it was overwhelming, but as he worked as the secretary-general of the Magic Association, he became curious about the secret.

"How is that possible?"

Zulu turned his head with sad eyes.

"This place is, the land of death."

The explanation was only up to there, but Kang Nan seemed to know.

If he was a wizard who realized the principle of circulation that had to be emptied in order to fill it, there was no reason to hide the secret of death from the beginning. It was just too big to fit into words because it was his whole life.

"I see."

The pyramid hall was Zulu's cradle.

She was abandoned here as a newborn and survived on her own.

Did the monsters in the dungeon become her parents?

Zulu wasn't sure.

When she came of age, she was still alone, and all she had left was a small rubber nipple that her parents had left behind.

From then on, Zulu lived in a huge dungeon as her home.

Death was always on her shoulder. Even when sleeping, when something had to be eaten, or even when breathing.

It was a different meaning of survival than what people in slums like Radum experienced.

For Zulu, survival was not a desire for life but just another death that changed its form.

Kang Nan could also say that he had lived a harsh life, but he couldn't even guess what Zulu's life was like.

She spent her childhood with hundreds of kinds of monsters in a dungeon where she couldn't even get food or water.

Maybe it was inevitable that Zulu became the world's strongest summoner wizard.

"I came to ask you for a favor."

Kang Nan bowed his head as far as his forehead touched the table and begged for the main point.

"Please help Gaold."

Zulu looked somewhere and thought. Then he slowly opened his mouth in Middle Eastern language and answered.

"I know."

Kang Nan's head snapped up at the faster than expected acceptance.

It was extremely difficult to get Zulu out of the pyramid. Many grand wizards, even members of Parass' royal family, begged her to be their aide, but they were all rejected.
[Translated block]


Above all, Jullu doesn't know the current situation. Now, completely different from the plan he had 10 years ago, he has to bear the risk of almost no chance of survival.

"I'm sorry. There's something I didn't tell you. The situation changed suddenly...."

"Gaold is like a child."

Jullu recalled the first time he met Gaold.

"He doesn't try to empty anything. He's so bottled up that he's about to explode, he's in so much pain that he's about to die, but he tries to hold on to the end and not let go."

Gangnan closed her mouth and listened attentively.

"Even so, the reason he could endure was because he was waiting for the time to pour out everything. I think this might be the time. If this is also part of a huge cycle, I think it's time for Gaold to rest."

"Mr. Jullu."

Gangnan tried to hold back her tears and gave her strength.

Why did she cry at the words that understood that disgusting human hybrid?

Was it sympathy for the madman who was abandoned after 20 years of hardship? If not....

"And."

Jullu smiled with his eyes like a child.

"It's always fun when I'm with Gaold."

Gangnan lifted the corners of her mouth with wet eyes.

That's what it was. A pure obsession that no one could understand.

She might have been fascinated by the madness of someone who had staked everything on one thing.

Jullu got up from his seat and prepared to leave.

He sucked on a vacuum nipple and packed two water bottles in a small bag. It was a modest luggage for a first-class grand mage.

"Let's go. If we ride Kaidra, it'll be quick to the continent."

Kaidra, a 3-tier summon monster, was a huge monster that could fly 7,000 kilometers a day.

Gangnan looked at Jullu's back as he left the air duct and bowed his head in Ramua's unique posture.

He was a person she respected for a different reason than Gaold.

'Thank you.'

Gangnan looked at the beaker on the table.

Cycle. You have to empty it to fill it. If you can't fill it, you can't empty it either.

She took a deep breath and drank the water that was more than half full in one gulp.

"Ugh."

She still couldn't get used to it.

It tasted like water, but it seemed that not everyone could do the Mory of Icheyusimjo.

She wiped her mouth with her tongue and followed Jullu out of the air duct.

* * *

Shirone went to the principal's office as soon as the sun rose.

The first thing Gaold asked for was to deliver a note to Alpheus.

Alpheus was surprised to see Shirone who came suddenly, but nodded silently after reading the note.

Shirone also left the principal's office without saying a word.

There must be kingdom information agents around the school by now.

Unless there is confirmation that Gaold is coming, it won't be as guarded as the capital, but it felt dangerous for Gaold to act alone.

'I'm sure the principal will take care of it.'

He could trust Alpheus, who had been through everything.

And there was Olivia, a certified second-class grand mage, next to him, so he would find a way somehow.

It wasn't time to worry about Gaold. Shirone was a suspect involved with Gaold in some way, and she might end her life without doing anything if she made a mistake.

No one cared about Shirone's well-being in front of the world's major event called Heaven.

She had to make her own judgment and find a way out.

'Ikael....'

There was a reason why she had to meet him even if she had to give up everything, but the situation was different from a year ago.

Even if she came back alive, she would never escape being a traitor and being chased for life.

Fortunately, Shirone still had the initiative.

As soon as he discovered the possibility of destroying Heaven, Gaold would classify Shirone as a core figure in the project, and then at least she would have a basis for survival.
[Translated block]


'First, we need to collect information. We have to be careful and solve it one by one.'

If the situation becomes uncontrollable and overwhelming, it might be more effective to think short-sightedly.

It was best to deal with the immediate problems like a blind man groping his way.
[Translated block]