
What do you think of this story? Do you like it or not? Why?
[Translated block]


The manager said.

"How about changing your perspective? The events were canceled one after another, but the consolation performance was a success. If you perform in the temple for the soldiers..."

"Ho?"

Palmus's eyes lit up.

"That's a good idea. No, it's more than that. Maya will definitely be popular."

She had outstanding singing skills and appearance.

"The only problem is that the competition is fierce. You need a proposal from the temple, but to make the soldiers ecstatic

You can't just sing well."

That was the only thing that bothered him.

"You have to expose yourself." The coordinator said.

"I've seen a consolation performance before. Exposure is not a problem. It's how sexy they dance, it makes your face hot."

"Really? How was the reaction?"

"It was no joke. The cheers were so loud that I thought my ears would fall off."

As Maya bit her lip and pondered, the manager looked at her and said.

"You have to at least match that level. Valkyrie is a military. If you can't boost the morale of the soldiers, they won't hire Maya."

"Hmm."

Palmus wasn't happy because he had a subtle crush on Maya.

But he was a professional.

'I can't ignore the needs of the audience. I have to compromise to some extent.'

It was better for Maya too.

"Let's think of a costume that suits the song. Not too sexy, but cheerful and healthy." Maya's team discussed and came up with a rough concept.

"The shoulder line, collarbone, and upper chest will be exposed, and instead of wearing underwear, the skirt length will be as short as possible."

The key was the chest.

"Maya, what do you think?"

As expected, there was no answer, so Palmus clasped his hands and made a pitiful expression.

"I know you want to win with your song. I promised you that too. But you have to seize the opportunity when you have popularity. Just the upper chest, okay? Just that much."

"I can't do that."

Palmus sighed.

"Sigh. Yeah, honestly I also...

"Listen to me till the end. What I mean is, this is too mediocre. There's no distinction."

Maya also thought that she had to do as much as she could as someone who staked her life on singing.

"What if we do this instead? Instead of covering the top of your chest, expose the bottom of your chest." Maya's arms moved left and right at her chest area.

"Huh? The bottom
[Translated block]


```text
With cheers, voices flew in from all directions.

"Unnie! I love you!"

"Maya! My love Maya! Please wave your hand once!"

About a thousand spectators were gathered, and in the corner, the Valkyrie band officers were also seated.

"Maestro, are you okay? There are too many exiles who have defected, and it's still saturated."

There is no concept of enough for war, but if too many exiles are active, the soldiers' concentration drops.

"I can't just sit on my hands. I can only hope that a proper idol will come out."

Meanwhile, Palmus, who was waiting for Maya's performance behind the stage, was pale and sick.

"What do I do? What do I do? Can I do well?"

The coordinator comforted him.

"Don't you get nervous and look like that? We know Maya's skills well."

"The skills are like that. But that's not it this time. Will it really work? Will it work?"

The manager moistened his dry lips and said.

"Leave it to the sky. We've done everything we can."

As the prelude flowed and the spotlight shone, Maya, wearing a coat, revealed herself.

Like a shower from the sky...... She wrote the lyrics herself〈Light Rain〉.

However, in order to utilize the costume concept, the beginning was arranged in a ballad style.

With a voice full of desperate and pitiful emotions, the audience was silent even to their breath.

'Shirone.'

Are you still fighting around the battlefield?

'I'm going to see you.'

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

As the song regained its original tempo with a strong drum beat, cheers erupted.

'Now!'

Maya threw off her coat and raised her voice.

The light comes down!

At the sight of the stimulating outfit that could not be seen anywhere else, the cheers seemed to falter for a moment......

"Wow wow wow wow!"

As if a shower poured down, a thousand spectators' voices exploded in unison.

The outfit with a collar up to the neck was cut off at a point where it slightly exposed the bottom of the chest.

The waistline and navel were exposed, but the actual exposure area of ​​the chest was not very severe.

About 3 centimeters high.

The audience was crazy about the 3 centimeter exposure.

"Maya! Maya!"

As everyone called her name, Maya also screamed in a state of almost unconsciousness.

"Maya! MayaJ"

At this moment, neither demons nor war came to mind, and only entrusted themselves to the rhythm.

In a volume that directly hits the heart, the only people who were expressionless were Valkyrie's band.

"She's pretty good. The song is also top-notch.

How do you see it, maestro?"

The maestro watched Maya sing for a long time and opened his mouth.

"Contract. Deploy to the front line from tomorrow."

"Yes."

The lieutenant opened the file and wrote down Maya's name.

Meanwhile, as much as the audience was excited, there was chaos behind the stage.

"Kak! Kak! It's awesome! Awesome!"

The manager and coordinator held hands

and jumped up and down.

The light comes down!

Palmus, who was following Maya's choreography without thinking, looked at them and got angry.

"Hey! What are you guys doing right now? You have to go get a bag or a hook right away!"

"Huh? Why all of a sudden?"

When they looked at him blinking their eyes, Palmus rubbed his fingers mercilessly and shouted.

"Don't you have to rake in money? Puhahaha!"

The manager and coordinator realized it too.

"Oh, right! We have to rake in money! Ho ho ho ho!"

Maya's song reached its climax, but the audience's voices were so loud that they couldn't even hear it.

"Maya! I love you!"

Another magician who graduated from Alpheus Magic School joined the temple.
```
[Translated block]