


[500] Despair. Despair (3)

Kuan tightened his muscles with Schema to stop the bleeding. And he calmly pointed his sword as if nothing had happened.

"Ho, you have such a skill."

A smile like gold dust appeared on the nameless's mouth.

The insight to pierce through the human body diagram and apply it just by looking at it was beyond the understanding of human beings.

"But I don't need it."

As soon as Nameless rushed, 24 external gravities spewed out of Kuan's body.

Each external gravity vibrated Kuan's body like a ball connected to a rubber band, expanding and contracting repeatedly.

It was a very bizarre movement, but for Nameless, it was nothing more than a predetermined course.

As if to prove that fact, Nameless pressed him with a superior movement than Kuan.

The trajectory that surpassed all predictions and expectations, even the realms of imagination and delusion, that humans could do.

"Kruk!"

As another fatal blow came in, Kuan landed on the floor with a distorted face.

He lifted his sword to confirm that Nameless was pushing his crossed swords in, but he was pushed back to the wall by the force of the charge.

Kakakakakak!

The blades were firmly fixed as they rubbed against each other in a short distance, and the eyes of the two swordsmen collided between the sword lights.

"Aha, I see now."

Now Nameless's interest was focused on Kuan, not swordsmanship.

He accepted that Armin had put up a barrier with stop magic.

It's because he was confident that he could cut the necks of both of them in an instant by casting flicker magic as soon as the barrier disappeared.

But he wondered why Kuan, who realized the difference in skill, gave up his way of life and rushed in desperately.

The answer he came up with was the very inefficient and irrational human heart.

"Are you dying to save them?"

Kuan made eye contact with Shiina for a short time.

It was a momentary sincerity that even a swordsman's superhuman nerves could not suppress.

And Nameless did not miss the woman's face reflected in Kuan's eyes.

According to memory, that is love.

Although he hated to call him father, it was the desire for racial reproduction, which was at the top of Garas' animal nature.

'No, then it makes even less sense.'

Garas modifies even his body without regard for means and methods to satisfy his desires.

But Kuan's behavioral pattern was rather inclined to go against such basic animal nature.

"They are going to use you as bait and run away. And the woman doesn't love you. She wants to have a child with the man next to her. Why are you doing this?"

A being who inherited Garas' genetic material but converted his desire for racial reproduction into achievement.

It was an undeniable fact if he saw and felt it with his own eyes.

"Huuuuuu."

Kuan drew breath from deep inside.

He knew without borrowing Garas' touch that Shiina had Armin in mind.

But why is he doing this?

What is he expecting to fight for when all he gets for saving Shiina and Armin is death?

'I envy you, magicians.'

Magicians always make the best choices.

That's why Shiina's judgment must have been right this time too.

Just like when he told him about death without hesitation as soon as he received an urgent payment and ran to a restaurant like a fool.

He wanted to be by Shiina's side.

Not as a swordsman or anything, but as the only one man.

And at this moment, Kuan gave up all hope.

"What do I know, you idiot."

Kuan spat out all the breath he had pulled up so far and swung his sword.

Nameless sneered at him as if looking at an insignificant being while stepping back a few steps.

"Foolish. Choosing death without even knowing why you are doing it. Is that human?"

He widened his eyes and aimed his twin swords at Kuan, who was rushing in. As soon as he did, Nameless's arms loosened like smoke and high-speed cutting wrapped around the front.
[Translated block]


Whooosh!

A speed worthy of being called a sword wall.

Dozens of blades rushed into Kuan's eyes, making a sound like air burning.

'I found it, my grave.'

Even in a situation where absolute death was approaching, Kuan strangely felt his chest swell.

The grave he chose was in Shiina's heart.

In front of Shiina, for her sake, he could die, and that was enough.

'I know. It's childish.'

Kuan's body abruptly changed its trajectory and bypassed the sword wall.

'Even though I'm angry...'

He couldn't stand the jealousy that Armin was holding Shiina, but he couldn't say a word.

Kuan circled around Muming faster and faster.

In response, Muming's sword bent like a snake and chased him, creating dozens of wounds on Kuan's body.

They were not fatal, but they were bleeding enough to kill him.

"Let go! Let go of this!"

Shiina was calling Kuan with a broken voice, but the sound couldn't cross the barrier of time.

"Shiina! Calm down! It's not time yet!"

Armin's feelings were also miserable.

If he used flicker magic to narrow the gap and stop Muming, there was a little possibility of overcoming this crisis.

But if Muming avoided the magic in the same way, then the next thing was 100 percent chance of Shiina dying.

"Wait! Just hold on a little longer!"

"Mr. Kuan! Mr. Kuan!"

In the world spinning at high speed, Kuan caught a glimpse of Shiina's face for a moment.

'Yes, this is me.'

Just hoping that she would understand his feelings, he was dancing with a sword in front of her like a clown.

"Kukkukkuk! Kukkukkukkuk!"

Kuan laughed with his lungs shaking, but his distorted face looked like he was crying.

"Yeah, the title of sword genius or something, I'll give it to you."

Kuan, who had been avoiding only until now, finally penetrated into the sword wall.

"I'm a sword demon."

Whooosh!

As gravity stretched out in all directions, Kuan's body spun like a top.

"Huh?"

Both swordsmen were already performing actions beyond human imagination, so the observers couldn't even detect the change.

But Muming, who deeply understood the essence of gravity, felt a creepy feeling for the first time in battle.

'What is this?'

Kuan's movement was ambiguous.

If it had been a single path until now, it felt like it suddenly split into two paths that required judgment.

'No, it doesn't matter. Nothing changes.'

If it's just two paths, he can suppress them both.

Muming cut through three places in an instant as he passed by Kuan and stopped smiling with satisfaction and was engulfed in shock.

'Did I cut him?'

He turned his head with an unbelievable expression and his right shoulder skin split and blood spurted out.

The wound he experienced for the first time in his life was an extremely unpleasant and disgusting sensation.

But his current psychological state was too confused to even care about the pain.

'When did he?'

It was two paths.

No, it's stupid to deny the result that has already come out.

Then what he could think of was....

'Another path that I couldn't see?'

Is that possible?

As he turned his head with that thought, Kuan was spinning with an evil face like a demon.

"Kuku, you were shallow. But this time it'll be deep."

Their swords collided again.

In a short moment that looked like one hit, dozens of hits crossed and Muming's left thigh flesh fell off again.

He couldn't see it.

Kuan's sword was moving outside of Muming's expectation.

"That can't happen...!"

The anger as strong as the desire for great achievement when it was suppressed.

His pride was trampled and the explosive emotion mixed with Garas' nature reached its peak.

"It can't beeeeee!"

As dozens of gravities pulled Muming in different directions, his movements began to bend crazily.
[Translated block]


As if he had tangled a handful of threads, Kuan muttered without blinking at the complex trajectory.

"...It's annoying."

Bang!

The collision of the swords was dozens of times, but it was too fast to explode into the world as a single discord.

A line of blood was engraved on Kuan's back, who staggered to a stop, and blood burst out with a thud.

"Ha! Ha!"

Breathing heavily and stopping his movement, a red line was drawn on the neck of the nameless as the skin was cut with a splash.

"This..."

He missed Kuan's sword again.

But that only made his confidence tilt back to doubt.

His imagination, which was far above human insight, could not overwhelm Kuan.

"It's weird that it's annoying..."

Kuan has been mumbling the same thing since some time ago.

It felt like his head had opened up again, as if he had gained enlightenment by putting his life down to the wind.

"Ah, I see. I get it now."

Kuan staggered back like a drunk person.

His pupils, who had actually been immersed in deep thoughts and came out of them, were half-mentally relaxed as if they were out of their minds.

"This is how it should have been."

Thud!

The sound of flesh and bone breaking at the same time was heard.

Shiina, who had been calling Kuan's name in succession, and Armin, who had sensed his breath and decided to flee, turned pale in their heads.

The nameless blinked his eyes at Kuan's right arm, which fell to the ground with a dull sound.

It was cut off exactly below the shoulder.

He cut off his own arm.

'Why?'

It seemed vaguely understandable, but the first thought that came to mind was that this action was not an achievement.

'He limited his own potential for development. Is he crazy?'

"Now, how about this?"

The nameless lowered his head again at Kuan's voice.

The figure holding out his sword with only one arm left was clearly weaker than before, but the situation changed drastically shortly after.

Based on where Kuan was standing, it seemed as if the ground had collapsed and the landscape tilted to one side.

The extreme of asymmetry-Pierrot the clown.

"You..."

Fear filled the nameless' eyes for the first time.

It was an achievement towards death that only humans with bias could reach.

* * *

"Why? Why?"

Plu, who hugged Crude just before falling, carefully laid him on the ground.

His whole body was broken and twisted so badly that it was embarrassing to even say that he was alive.

Crude's dull eyes wandered around the sky without settling down.

Thanks to Piper's frame, his body didn't crumble, but the pain was even worse.

"Why did you come looking for me? Why? If you're going to die like this, why did you come looking for me!"

Plu shouted at Crude, who was dying.

She knew it was a cruel act, but she couldn't bear the anger that exploded in her chest.

"I hate you so much..."

Crude said in a dying voice.

"I don't have a family."

Plu's face twisted into a sad expression as she realized everything with a short word.

"I have to have a reason to die at least..."

"Stop! I don't want to hear that! What do you want me to do! What do you want me to do when you say that in this state!"

Crude smiled faintly.

Giving everything to the woman he loved.

Even giving up his most precious life and staying in her heart forever.

Maybe that's the greatest revenge of all.

"Plu... love... ha..."

Crude's tongue stiffened and his eyes closed.

Plu hugged Crude's corpse, which dropped his head, with trembling arms.

The more she tried to endure it, the bigger her emotions became, and she finally couldn't hold back and wailed.

"Aaaaaaaa!"

To love and hate him, and to hope that he would at least know that hating him would end up dying.
[Translated block]


That is the human heart, which has no substance, and therefore no end.

That heart was weighing down on Flue's chest like a heavy rock, making her breath stop.
[Translated block]