


[764] Lord of Destruction (3)

'They're really terrible.'

The nanobodies commanded by Marduk were called 'Sorok', and they were the cleaners of the back world where microbes could not exist.

'An entity that is out of the law.'

The reason why demons are not bound by the law is because they belong to the spiritual system created by humans.

Marduk's magic, which seemed to ignore physical force, was also the power of Sorok working in the back world.

'If I couldn't block it with Amgu....'

I would have died.

"Hoooooo!"

As Choeni Bardo was released, the scenery of the back world burned like burning paper.

Marduk stood solemnly in the ruins that humans would have to fight for a month to create.

"......It was an excellent judgment."

Shirone glared at Marduk, but the aftermath of the quantum superposition of 100,000 overlaps made her dizzy.

'It's really hard to get over this point. It's good to think that this is the limit that can be used now.'

The only way to maintain personality in the mind that has spread infinitely is to drastically lower the car number.

'Depth of the realm.'

If Mirona Veron had reached Yahweh's realm, it would not have been just this much.

'Why am I so shallow?'

Even though it's not human to attempt 100,000 events, Shirone was just regrettable.

"The only thing that can prevent destruction is extinction."

Marduk walked up with his sword.

"Hahahaha! Hahahaha!"

The laughter was terribly unpleasant, but Shirone, who was still not mentally stable, was able to buy time.

"Is this Yahweh?"

At the same time as the laughter stopped, a terrible black flame sprang up from Marduk's body.

"With this kind of light......."

Marduk, who had evaporated his body, suddenly swung his sword in front of Shirone.

"No demon repents."

Shirone couldn't react.

'My mind is still......'

The reason why Amgu applied 100,000 overlaps was simply because it needed a gravity range of 8 meters.

'Valhalla Action!'

As the event increases, it becomes difficult to control, so the concentration of power inevitably decreases.

'Calculation impossible!'

But this was also a characteristic of Shirone.

'Valhalla Action!'

Possibility of perfection.

If all variables can be eliminated, it is the unique personality that it is the fastest and strongest to become perfect.

'I did it!'

Perhaps that's why he reached the realm of infinity.

"Ha! Ha!"

What remains for those who have been perfect and continue to surpass that perfection and reach this place is......

"It's interesting to use the law."

What is it really?

"It's definitely not human."

Marduk looked at the magic circle of Valhalla Action floating above Shirone's head with interest.

'Calculation is impossible.'

Because demons are out of the law, Valhalla Action could not offer equivalent exchange.

'I could only avoid it.'

The second calculation attempted by Shirone was just to avoid the place.

'Even without abilities, it's just strong.'

The price exchanged for avoiding Marduk's sword was a grace period of 1.87 seconds, even in Shirone's realm.

- Angels who can't be calculated.

Minerva's words finally made sense.

'Ataraxia, Valhalla Action. The climax of the law that can be created with the sense of an angel, but......,'

The devil was an entity located at the apex of the law.

'So chaos.'

Marduk rushed in.

"What do you want?"

Unable to neutralize with a sense of explosion, Shirone restarted Valhalla Action.

"Huh!"

Moving in a state of ignoring time, the distance of 16.7 meters required a grace period of 4.3 seconds.

"Human happiness?"

Marduk seemed to enjoy it rather, and leisurely chased after Shirone and flew his body.

'I can't avoid it forever!'

Like compound interest, the time Shirone had to pay was increasing every time Valhalla Action was linked.
[Translated block]


"But if he didn't flee right now, his neck would be cut by Marduk's sword, so he had no choice but to endlessly repay his debt.

"You have succeeded, Yahweh."

When Marduk gathered all the forces of the underworld, black smoke rose from his body.

"To make a demon feel compassion."

The magic called great fear swept away and eroded a radius of 4 kilometers where Shirone was.

There was no sound, but an area where a small village could be located disappeared entirely from the world.

"Kuuuuu!"

4 kilometers away, Shirone couldn't do anything, crouched down.

"Pain and pleasure are senses...."

Marduk approached in an instant.

"Where does happiness come from, a delusion?"

Knowing that it was irreversible, Shirone cast Quantum Superposition with Valhalla Action.

Thousands of Shirone moved, but it was not an opponent that could be suppressed by the superiority of numbers.

"Like this, like that, struggling...."

Every time Marduk swung his sword like crazy, many events disappeared.

"Can't you find what doesn't exist?"

Marduk, who moved faster than the explosion, grabbed the clone and stabbed Shirone's forehead.

'It's okay. It's not the main body.'

The moment the cold sensation penetrated into her forehead, Shirone's life was cut off.

"Kuaaaaaak!"

Jet's sharp spearhead went into the mouth of the division commander Besum and pierced the back of his head and stuck to the ground.

"Kuaaaaaa....!"

Minerva, who had already dealt with the other three division commanders, held Jet's rod and leaned her buttocks against the collapsed wall.

"Hoo."

Blood was dripping from her lips, and her clothes were torn like rags, revealing her flesh.

With Jet in his mouth, Besum spoke.

"......You're strong."

From the standpoint of the demons, they couldn't think of her as a human.

"It's not that I'm strong."

Minerva, who tore the clothes on her waist, spoke while blocking the blood flowing from her shoulder.

"I just fight well."

"......"

Besum, who was savoring her words, turned his gaze and watched the battle between Shirone and Marduk.

"Why don't you kill me?"

"I'll kill you. When I feel like it."

"Are you making excuses?"

"Excuse?"

Besum's mouth was torn with his jaw open.

"You can't beat our division commander either. Are you going to spare your life, saying you've done your job?"

Minerva's eyes pierced Marduk.

"......I won't deny it."

There's no need to risk your life.

"But to be honest, I'm upset. Just... when I look at that kid."

"Yahweh is unlucky."

Minerva laughed.

"Hahaha! Right. Isn't life about the one who's going to die dying and the one who's going to live living? That's also a kind of mysophobia in another sense."

"You like that guy."

Minerva leaned her forehead on Jet and looked down.

"Why do you think so?"

"There are only two types of people who deny Yahweh. Those who hate him terribly, or those who love him terribly."

"Don't you think it's the former?"

"It's the same thing anyway."

Why do demons... why do they hate Yahweh?

"Huhu, this is what it's like to be a division commander, right?"

As Minerva twirled Jet, Besum trembled in pain.

"Kuuuuu...."

Minerva took her hand off Jet and bit her cigar.

"Everyone wants to be perfect at first."

Besum, enjoying the fading pain, turned his pupils to the sky again.

"Anyone can put pencils neatly. And then they think like this. Beautiful."

Minerva's cigar drew a picture in the air.

"That's how the journey towards perfection begins. Build a house, increase the floors, I have to be happy, my life has to be flawless."

The picture fell apart into smoke.

"And then one day they realize. Can I really be perfect?"
[Translated block]


"Human beings are stupid."

"Right. Only the desire for perfection remains, and oneself disappears. You just have to give up a little and live."

Minerva looked back at Shiron.

"If you think there can be no pain in this world, it's definitely an obsession."

The 2,458th Shiron, stabbed by Marduk's sword, met death in pain.

'It's okay. I'm not the main body.'

In fact, everyone is Shiron.

"That's why I'm angry. Yahweh's heart that loves the whole is pure, but...."

Minerva's cigarette smoke spread out long.

"Shiron, where are you in that whole?"

Marduk, who had cut all of Shiron, finally grabbed the neck of the main body and lifted it up.

"Hehehe, ridiculous Yahweh."

Minerva lowered her head.

"That's why you can't win."

If you can't love yourself, it's also an arrogance about sacrifice.

"Everything falls into an impossible probability because of the obsession with perfection."

Shiron is strong, but not good at fighting.

"Take the 'Law' and punish the evil, save the world, close the altar, without a single victim...."

I liked such Shiron.

"But let it go."

It seemed equal in front of Shiron, who could not hide the dirt in front of any saint.

"It doesn't matter, even if we all die today."

So Shiron is a little better than me.

"It's not your fault, Shiron."

But if you don't realize it, Minerva thought she should hand over the world to me at this point and looked down at Besum.

"I hope you will be reborn in paradise...."

He was already dead.

"Hahaha! Hahahaha!"

Marduk, who was holding Shiron's lifeline with both hands, burst into hearty laughter.

The cruel devilish temperament that had nothing to do with the beautiful appearance was revealed as it was.

"I'm going to see Yahweh's crying face."

Hot tears flowed from the eyes of Shiron, who was about to suffocate due to the debt of Valhalla Action.

'I'm sorry, everyone....'

I couldn't protect the world.

'Because of me... because I'm weak....'

Like Jacy lost her husband, many people will shed tears of blood in pain.

"Do you have any last words to leave? Leave it as a record that will never be erased in the history of the devil."

Amy.

The first thing that came to Shiron's mind at the word "testament" was Amy's face.

'I miss you.'

Because she is the only person Shiron loves more.

'If I had listened to your words then....'

If I hadn't turned a blind eye to the voice in my dream shouting not to go.

"Record this."

Marduk, who had reached the limit of patience, said.

"Yahweh couldn't even squeak."

Shiron, trembling, raised his head.

"The reason I realized love is...."

The reason for loving everything that exists.

"It's because I don't want a single person to disappear."

The vibration that could not be approached was transmitted along Marduk's arm holding Shiron's neck.

"Die! You disgusting thing!"

Marduk put all his strength into breaking his neck, but a greater force was pushing his fingers away.

"This, this is....!"

Shiron's body itself was glowing, and a presence that could not be compared with quantum superposition was revealed.

"Yes, Shiron. If you want to save the world with Yahweh's light...."

Minerva, who had been watching from afar, muttered.

"You have to transcend Manman."

The ninth sense that a creature can reach, resonance, was awakening in Shiron's body.
[Translated block]