


[737] Towards the Stars (1)

Nane said,

"Shirone, as long as you deny me, I cannot become a god, but the same goes for you."

It meant that neither Shirone nor Nane could free this world from suffering.

"From now on, the world will face terrible pain. I will end this fight as soon as possible."

Shirone was prepared to bear it.

"Even if the end of life is void, as long as we love something, I will never give up."

Nane's fingertips pointed at Shirone.

"Then the most painful person is you."

Maybe.

"The Great Purification. The sin we created will become reality and overwhelm you. It's too much to bear alone."

Nane's body unraveled like smoke.

"I hope the nightmare isn't too long."

The desert sandstorm blew over where Nane disappeared, erasing his traces.

"A nightmare?"

Balanced at the extremes of the law, Nane was still the freer one.

'It's a losing fight no matter what.'

While Nane, who defined the world as a sphere, could commit any cruel act, Shirone had to protect them all.

"You're not alone, Shirone."

Lian approached and touched Shirone's shoulder.

"Even if the whole world turns against you, I will follow you."

No matter how distant the fight would be, Lian would be by his side at the end of the end.

"I agree."

As Sung-eum approached Shirone and reached out, Lian's great sword crossed space and caught in her hand.

She, who threw it to Lian, said,

"From now on, humanity has to stand against a huge enemy. As the princess of the Jincheon Empire, I can't sit back. Go back to your hometown and tell my father."

Even the emperor of the Jincheon Empire, who could move Sung-eum, was silent, just protecting her back.

"Go to the Ivory Tower. You postponed our lives, so I think you are qualified enough."

"Ivory Tower."

From the beginning, no one was obsessed with becoming a star of the Ivory Tower, but now the situation has changed.

'If we don't all fight together, we can't win.'

Even Shirone, who reached the unprecedented level of an infinite magician, could not perfectly block Nane's great work.

As long as the game does not lean to one side, it is clear that many sacrifices will follow.

"I'll go to the Ivory Tower."

Sung-eum nodded her head.

"I thought well. I'll take you there."

If it's an ether wave, you can go straight to the Ivory Tower without being constrained by distance.

Kido said,

"I'm not going to the Ivory Tower."

Shirone looked at Kido's eyes and was already expecting it.

"You're thinking of leaving, Kido."

"I want to know about what I realized. It's too confusing now. You can understand, Shirone?"

It takes time to go from knowing to feeling, and from feeling back to knowing.

"Of course. It's your life."

Listening to Kido's words, Lian, who was lost in thought, put the great sword on his back and said,

"Shirone, I'm not going to the Ivory Tower either."

This time, too, Shirone nodded.

"I thought you would."

"I want to go home and organize my thoughts first. I have to do what I can do."

Although he defeated Irmir, who was just a molar, he had to become stronger to protect Shirone in the final battle.

"Shirone, you're going to be a star of the Ivory Tower."

Perhaps only Shirone, who had connected with the super sense, could leave Lian alone for a while.

"Then I have to become a knight that suits you. I always seem to be chasing after you, but give me time again this time."

Moonkyung looked at Lian's back and thought.

'Does he see that there is still a higher level to go?'

The power of Lian, who smashed Irmir's body, was not a level that he, a swordsman of Jincheon, could follow.

"That's right. I'll be waiting."
[Translated block]


Lian and Kido were colleagues with a will, but they had to bear the longing to stop Nane's great work.

"Because the world will change faster than ever."

Sung-eum said.

"Let's go if the talk is over. I think I need to go back to Jincheon Empire as soon as possible."

Kido said, stepping back from Sung-eum.

"Shirone, we're friends, right?"

Kido would come to a conclusion while traveling the world, and it could have been something that denied Shirone's conclusion.

"Of course. You're my most precious friend. No matter what situation we face, it will never change."

Finally relieved, Kido turned his body and quickly jumped out towards the desert where the horizon spread.

"Good luck, Shirone!"

Shirone looked at Kido's retreating figure for a long time, fluttering his old cloak.

"I hope you have a good trip."

And he turned to Lian and asked.

"Are you okay alone? How about going to the village together? It's hard to get food here."

Lian swung the big straight sword on his back.

"I can survive even in hell with this. Don't worry about me and come back as a star."

Shirone, who felt like he had traveled a lifetime with this Ivory Tower test, missed his home.

'Amy...'

Thinking that he would see her soon, his heart pounded.

"I'm leaving now."

Mungyeong bowed to Lian with respect and stood behind Sung-eum, and the ether wave spread.

When Sung-eum, who pulled the space to the North Pole, cast a spell, the three figures disappeared without a trace.

Lian, who was watching the place where Shirone disappeared with satisfaction, suddenly had a scary fire in his eyes.

"Emir."

A phantom of a giant flickered over the horizon of the desert.

* * *

Corona Kingdom.

The Corona Kingdom, located at the northern limit where humans can live, was the only country in the North Pole.

The country built on perennial snow had developed ice crafts, and it was almost the only market for the Ivory Tower.

People living in a country where blizzards hit every day feel death closer than life.

The people were making cold expressions like ice in the precarious cityscape where even the torches on the wall were precarious.

"Where is this?"

When Shirone turned his head because it didn't seem like the Ivory Tower, Sung-eum was biting his lips with a troubled expression.

"It's probably the Corona Kingdom."

Corona, the size of a continent city, felt small to Sung-eum, who jumped over a huge space, but anyway, the only place where people live in the North Pole was the Ivory Tower or Corona.

"I couldn't access the Ivory Tower."

As soon as he cast a spell, the feeling of the Ivory Tower disappeared and he lost his coordinates.

It was like a kind of emergency escape, and the place where he arrived as he felt it was here.

'Is there someone who handles space?'

It would have been unbelievable before, but now that he has faced Shirone, Nane, and Emir, his thoughts have changed.

'It could happen.'

It also meant that Sung-eum's horizons had widened.

"I can try again, but the result will be the same anyway. The Ivory Tower wouldn't have put up a sign without this much preparation."

Shirone thought the same.

"Yeah. But I've come to the North Pole, so I've shortened the time. I'll find it from now on. Thanks."

When Shirone, who regained his calm, smiled, a blush rose on Sung-eum's cheeks.

'He's a sweet person.'

What An Chal said was not a lie.

'I don't want to fight with him.'

There were many things he wanted to say, but he didn't like the current situation where he was constrained by time.

"How much time can you give me?"

"Hahaha."

At the words that seemed like Sung-eum's obsession with measuring the distance had changed to time, Shirone burst into laughter.

"I can give you as much as you want. If it wasn't for you, it would have taken more than 10 days just to arrive at the North Pole."
[Translated block]


"It's about 10 days."

Seong-eum shyly smiled and stepped back.

"When you become a star, be sure to stop by Jincheon. I'll use the 10 days you gave me then."

"No, if you want, you don't have to..."

"It's a promise. 10 days."

Now that even Shiro knew Seong-eum's personality, he agreed without any further words.

"Alright. I'll give you my 10 days."

It was a satisfying answer.

"I will also give you my soul."

"Huh?"

Shiro asked, but Seong-eum hid her figure with Moonkyung, leaving a meaningful smile.

"......The soul is probably..."

It means to get along without any barriers.

"Shall we start moving slowly?"

With that conclusion, Shiro walked the streets of the Corona Kingdom with a much lighter heart.

It was already late at night, and there were no lights on except for the bars, and the aftermath of fighting for several days without rest came late.

'Something's a bit strange.'

At some point, he felt that Armand couldn't recover from fatigue, but now he didn't even care about that.

"I want to sleep. I want to sleep."

The place he went to with his eyes closing involuntarily was an inn where warm steam was rising.

'I can't. I have to sleep and go.'

Even if he arrived at the North Pole, he didn't know where the Ivory Tower was, and there were no competitors left anyway.

As soon as he opened the door and entered, a middle-aged woman greeted him.

"Welcome. This is the White Inn."

When he looked around, he saw a team playing a card game at a table in the corner.

He passed the common scenery and Shiro's gaze was fixed on the table in front of the counter.

A red-haired girl who looked about ten years old was drinking strong alcohol alone.

'Do kids drink alcohol here?'

He thought it might be because it was a cold region, but on second thought, it didn't make sense.

"Are you here to stay?"

At the question of the middle-aged woman, Shiro hurriedly answered.

"Ah, yes. It would be nice if there was food. I haven't had dinner yet......"

"Oh dear. There should be leftover bread and soup. But what should I do? There are no empty rooms right now."

"There are no rooms?"

He knew about the Corona Kingdom in a fragmentary way, but it was not a country where tourists or travelers often visited.

"Yes. Since yesterday, the residents of the Ivory Tower have been staying in groups, so the rooms are full."

'Ivory Tower residents? But how are they here?'

Shiro squinted his eyes and looked back at the four people playing cards.

There was no conversation, and they were picking and putting down cards like machines, and then taking the bet.

'It looks like four Irugi are sitting.'

The middle-aged woman said.

"The blizzard is severe today. If you don't mind sharing a room, I'll ask the guests who are awake."

"Ah, if you give it to me......"

"You can share a room with me."

The girl who had been drinking strong alcohol turned around and raised the corners of her mouth, and the middle-aged woman groaned with her chin.

"Um, but it's a bit......"

"What's wrong? It's okay if the parties like it. I've been missing men anyway. I won't take the room charge."

Shiro frowned.

"Kid, you shouldn't say that. And it's not good for your body to drink alcohol from now on."

"Well, I guess it's tiring because the opponent is me."

"Huh? What did you just say?"

When Shiro blinked his eyes, the girl who had been looking at the glass of alcohol with blurred eyes turned her head.

"Even if you're an infinite magician, you'll go to hell if you get hit right?"

Shiro immediately opened his senses.

'It's not a kid.'

The false information that had been surrounding her disappeared in an instant as the Ultima system combined with super-sense.

She was a woman with an attractive appearance that seemed to have makeup on even without makeup, a slender body, and long arms and legs that looked cool.

"Ah, right!"

The middle-aged woman clapped her hands.
[Translated block]


"She would have looked like a girl to ordinary people. This is Ms. Minerva Mirak Sung."

"Sung?"

"She's a resident of the Ivory Tower. Wait, what rank did you say?"

Minerva spread out five fingers.

"Ah, it was 5-star. By the way, how about you, Ms. Minerva? Are you really willing to join us?"

"I said I'm fine. Their opinion is important."

Shirone didn't hear anything.

'5-star means it's one of the five towers, right? Wait a minute... Minerva? Could it be the one I read in the book...'

Mirak Minerva.

One of the top 100 dangerous people in the world, and the name of the great witch who drove the world into despair 700 years ago.
[Translated block]