


```
[415] Second Hell (2)

Shirone and his party headed for the mainland.

It would be faster to move on Zulu's summons, but it was not a good choice as they did not know the situation of the hell.

Especially since the sky of heaven was a place where angels, Mara, and drones spread their wings, they wanted to avoid being detected from a distance beyond the range of Etella's spirit zone.

But contrary to their expectations, the forest of the wicked was too quiet.

It was unexpected for them who had imagined scenes of angels patrolling the sky and killing heretics and rebels.

Kang Nan asked.

"How can we interpret this? An unexpected change? Or evidence that the rebels have been annihilated?"

"Either possibility exists."

Plu tilted his head at Sein's words.

"Is there a possibility that the forest is quiet even if the rebels are not annihilated?"

"Logically, it's impossible. But if you think so, it's the same as the disappearance of the maze. Anything can happen. We have to see it that way for now."

Sein felt the same sense of incongruity that he had felt in Miro's space-time.

No, rather, the anxiety was exacerbated by the fact that the situation in hell was different from what he expected.

'It's something I've been planning for 20 years in hiding. But why is it going wrong?'

Can I trust my senses now?

Maybe this is also a coincidence. Anyone can fit a cause to a result after confirming it.

Sein came to a simple conclusion.

'Let's not think too hard. Just calculate both situations. I can do it.'

"There's someone there."

Etella stopped walking and looked to the right.

Of course, it wasn't something she felt nearby. Various information was flowing from the spirit zone that spanned a radius of 2 kilometers.

About 20 people are moving with mobility beyond the normal range.

Sounds of weapons colliding, explosions, and such were conveyed through empathy.

"It looks like they're fighting. About 800 meters away."

Plu glanced at Gaold sideways and asked.

"Do you confirm?"

It meant that approval was needed to increase mobility.

Since the situation in the forest was different from what they expected, hiding their breath was also one way, but Gaold chose justice.

"Confirm."

As soon as the order fell, the entire team turned into flashes and disappeared.

Zulu took care of Quan and Kang Nan's movement, and everyone except Shirone was a pro, so there was no problem in breaking through the complex forest.

Shirone also conquered the master level of movement control in the graduation class, but there was a clear difference in level depending on the class.

Especially, the movement of Gaold, Sein, Zulu, and Armin leading the front was reminiscent of gas movement as they escaped from complex terrain like ghosts.

'How much training do you need to get that kind of movement?'

When they arrived at the scene, the silence of a while ago disappeared and loud noises filled the forest.

"Chase them! Take out their hearts!"

"Kiyayayayaya!"

The Kergo tribe wearing black armor screamed their peculiar screams and chased after the Mecha tribe.

Their movement became one with their horses and ran like a gale, but the Mecha tribe were not easy to catch either.

'What is that?'

The mobility of the Mecha tribe came from mechanical devices connected by strange skeletons attached outside their bodies.

The skeleton connected from behind to both arms across the shoulder line of the back, and then went down from the neck to both legs along the spine.

The joint joints turned with a clang! clang! crisp sound according to the wearer's movement, and every time they hit the ground, they jumped 5 meters, 6 meters long.

"Muscle assist device Piper. They are Mecha tribe combatants."

The Mecha tribe flew around and tore up the forest as if they had springs on their feet.

But Kergo tribe were also excellent hunters.

One of them popped out of the forest like a surprise attack and swung his sword.
```
[Translated block]


“Huh!”

The Mecha clan member pushed out the XDR.

The hologram shield spread and caused a shockwave, but the Schema's resilience was slightly superior, and he staggered and fell to the ground.

The Mecha clan soldiers gathered around their fallen comrades and looked around.

Before they knew it, the Kergo clan had blocked their retreat and surrounded them from all sides.

The Mecha clan squad leader, a short-haired woman, whispered into the drone attached to her wrist.

“This is Recon Team 2. We are currently surrounded by the Kergo clan. Requesting support.”

There was no response.

But due to the nature of radio communication, there was no guarantee that the support request did not go through.

'Please, please...'

Twenty meters away from them, Shiroe's party was watching the situation.

The Kergo clan boasted of their excellent pursuit skills, but they were powerless in front of Sein's Equilibrium.

In a state where even their breathing was torn by the iron mask and dropped to a silent level, their senses were useless.

Kang Nan looked around at Gaold and asked.

“Where are we going? Kergo? Mecha?”

This was the first fork they encountered since they came to heaven.

The new people were classified into three clans: Kergo, Mecha, and Nor, and each had different combat methods, cultures, and ways of thinking.

Depending on which clan they started with, the process of reaching the maze would be completely different, so they needed to be careful.

Rustle.

The bushes shook and a Kergo warrior patrolling the outskirts of the formation appeared.

The warrior's face looked like his heart had stopped as he opened his eyes wide.

It was natural to be surprised when suddenly ten people were standing in a place where nothing had been caught even by sensory Schema.

His head turned toward where his comrades were, and he raised his chest and shouted.

“Hey...”

Gaold's hand swung quickly.

“Git...!”

With a thud, the Kergo warrior's face flew off.

Shiroe and Flu stared blankly at the muscular body that was twitching without a face, then came to their senses.

If suppressing emotions and making rational judgments and executing them was a normal human reaction, then Gaold's reaction just now was extremely mechanical.

“If you think you have to kill someone in any situation, kill them. I'll take care of the aftermath. Even if it was a wrong choice, there is no worse situation than a team member dying.”

For example, this was Gaold's license to kill.

It was a thoroughly right way for the survival of team members, but not even asking about the right or wrong of judgment meant that he could crush anything with force in any situation.

Also, this was almost the only reason why he was chosen as the team leader.

Kang Nan glanced at Gaold and asked.

“Now that this has happened, is the clan choice Mecha?”

There are many values more important than the death of others for humans, but the Kergo clan is an organization bound by God's law.

They had already killed one person, so the barrier of compromise was higher than Mecha.

“For Anke Ra!”

Gaold's eyes twitched unpleasantly.

“We're going Mecha.”

As soon as he said that, Quan jumped out. This kind of thing was perfect for a hitman.

“Captain! We'll be annihilated if we go like this!”

The Mecha clan was barely holding on in a beaten situation.

Piper gave them muscle compensation, but it was only a function limited to large muscles, so it was almost impossible to beat the Kergo warriors whose whole body was a weapon in hand-to-hand combat.

“Retreat! I'll take care of this place!”

The squad leader jumped in with her limbs.

She knew what would happen to someone who was caught in a double hunt, but she had to buy some time to hope for reinforcements.

“Cut off that woman's limbs and bring only her torso!”

Just hearing it made her teeth chatter.

She wanted to run away even now, but the Kergo warriors who had already jumped over her head were swinging their swords to cut off both arms.

Whiiing!

Then a strong gust of wind blew and a faint afterimage passed by the side of the Kergo warrior.
[Translated block]


"What...!"

The woman's eyes shook with shock.

The faces of the Kergo warriors were falling off their bodies as if the cork plugs had been pulled out.

'Seven left.'

Kuan, spinning in the air, pinpointed the location of the remaining enemies.

No one knew that there were twelve subtle changes in the process of killing six people with one slash.

"Enemy! Kill him!"

The Kergo tribe, who had lost half of their power, finally noticed the existence of the attacker and threw themselves at him.

Kuan's body continued to move strangely, tied to the threads of gravity that stretched out in three directions.

He vibrated like a pendulum and then suddenly popped out, and blood splashed from the bodies of four people who passed him by.

'Three more.'

Another warrior's neck was cut.

'Two more.'

The furious Kergo captain's eyes bulged.

They also used gravity, but only as an auxiliary means to cut their enemies. It was the first time they felt such a bizarre movement that made them feel ridiculed like Kuan.

"Don't disparage Kergo's skills!"

As the captain swung his crescent sword, Kuan's trajectory bent like magnets meeting the same poles and flew past the captain.

"Haha! Got you!"

The basic tactic of Kergo, trap destruction.

A horse-headed warrior who had been lying in ambush flew at Kuan with a sword.

"Huh?"

But he didn't feel anything in his hand.

He looked up and saw that Kuan, who should have been inside the sword's radius, was floating in the air and not moving.

Kuan glared at the horse-headed warrior with annoyance and slowly turned his gaze to the side.

At the same time, his body spun like a top and was pulled toward where the captain was, as if a thread was wrapped around him.

"Captain! Behind you!"

Before the captain could react, Kuan's sword cut his throat.

As gravity disappeared, he landed on the ground and threw his sword while spinning.

The sword flew faster than an arrow and pierced through the vital point of the horse-headed warrior who was falling, sticking to a tree.

As the Kergo people were annihilated, the forest was engulfed in silence.

It was a brilliant battle, but it only took about five seconds.

Shirone's party entered the scene only then.

They were secretly impressed by Kuan's skills, which they had only heard of by rumor, but the face of the person himself was distorted with annoyance.

'Damn it! How much of a trash have I become?'

In the past, he would have killed them all with one breath of gravity and still had some left.

But now he was rather left with one person, and the last treatment was nothing but a temporary measure using a dagger.

"Kuan, are you okay? Did you get hurt or something...."

As Shiina approached, Kuan quickly erased his expression. He didn't want to be pitied by her.

"I'm sorry. I guess my balance is not perfect yet."

Shiina tilted her head.

She could never know what Kuan had done wrong as a magician.

She thought for a moment and just said what she had prepared.

"You were amazing. I haven't seen much of swordsmanship skills, but I think I've broadened my horizons this time."

It was rather embarrassing for Kuan.

He just smiled bitterly and passed by her side, and Shiina looked back at him.

'Did I make a mistake?'

On the other hand, the Mecha people tensed up as Gaold approached them with their weapons clenched.

They owed their lives to them for showing up, but it was hard to clearly identify friends in hell right now.

Above all, if one swordsman annihilated a Kergo squad, they were definitely inferior in skill.

"Who are you? Are you heretics?"

Gaold looked at Sein.

Some of his teammates had learned the language of heaven, but more than half needed an interpreter.

With Sein's mental magic, they finally understood what the woman said and Gaold took another step forward.

At the same time, the Mecha people flinched back.

The piper attached to his body made a ting sound and narrowed the angle of the joint connection as much as he moved.
[Translated block]