
Wow, you did your best, Sydney. That game sounds really hard. Did you have fun throwing the snowballs? Do you want to try another game or do something else?
[Translated block]


```text
"Hahaha! You failed nicely. They say they are magic school students. I'm going to die of trouble."

Shirone and Amy turned around at the same time. The boy with the big head was approaching with a sneer.

Behind him were a tall curly-haired young man and a girl with heavy makeup standing arrogantly as if guarding the rear.

"Long time no see, Amy."

When Jokre reached out his hand, Amy was motionless for a long time and lost in thought.

After entering the magic school, there was no one else to know and get along with except for school friends.

Especially if it's a man.

"Um, sorry... who are you?"

Jokre's face crumpled.

How can you not remember me?

Even if you rejected me, it should be an unforgettable memory to be confessed by someone.

At least Jokre thought so.

In fact, he had never been confessed by a girl, but if something like that happened, he was confident that he would make it a lifelong boast.

"Don't you know, are you pretending not to know? Jokre. Alpheus Magic School. Really don't know?"

"Jokre? Jokre..."

Amy, who was mumbling, opened her eyes wide and pointed at Jokre.

"Ahhh, ah! Wow! It's been a long time since I saw you."

It wasn't a sign of welcome, but just by pretending to be surprised exaggeratedly, Jokre's shoulders were lifted in front of his friends.

It wasn't anyone else who recognized him, but the genius of the Carmis family recognized by the world.

But it wasn't because he approached to break up with his classmates that he lifted his chin and looked down.

"Hmm, shouldn't you greet me formally first?"

"Huh? What greeting?"

Jokre swept past his friends behind him with his arms and pointed at himself with his thumb.

"I heard you're still in school, but we're official magicians. That is, an unofficial 10th-level magician."

Official magician.

Amy's chest throbbed. It was a word that had never left her mind for a moment since she entered Alpheus Magic School at the age of twelve.

Praying that her face wouldn't harden, Amy reached out to Jokre.

"I see. Congratulations. You finally graduated."

At that time, Amy was thirteen years old. She didn't remember much about Jokre, but she clearly remembered feeling jealous when he ran away like transferring schools.

A smile spread across Jokre's mouth.

Amy's poker face was perfect, but he could see her heart without opening her chest.

How angry would it be for the genius of the Carmis family recognized by the world to watch him from the position of failing the graduation exam?

'Heh, how is it? The feeling when you kicked me was much more miserable than this.'

Jokre turned his gaze to Shirone standing blankly.

"I see a celebrity here. Arian Shirone. The kingdom's best prospect?"

Shirone kept silent for now. He realized that it wasn't an approach with a friendly mind.

"Do you want some advice as a senior? A prospect is just a prospect. The real game is after becoming an official magician. Well, for you it's a success for a commoner. Hahaha!"

Amy shouted angrily.

"Jokre! What are you talking about? Apologize to Shirone right now!"

"Why? I didn't say anything wrong. Oh, was it a public secret? But giving up is good for your mental health. It's already been published in academic journals. There is no one among the students who doesn't know."

"Yeah? Then where should I say whatever comes out of my mouth? Are you confident that you'll be okay?"

Jokre's eyes became fierce. He didn't know what he was going to say, but he couldn't help feeling guilty.

'Amy...'

Five years had passed and Amy had grown into a much prettier girl than when she was young.

It was hair that had been permed that could not be seen in academic journals, and she chose clothes in bright and cute styles. Anyone could see that she cared about dressing up.
```
[Translated block]


'Pfft! I guess this is a sight only for Shirone, right?'

Amy was the girl who had the most share of the male students in Ains Magic School.

If you counted the whole kingdom, the number would be much higher.

He felt like he had lost to Shirone without even fighting, thinking that she put on makeup and picked out pretty clothes for only one person.

'Disappointing, Amy. How can you date a commoner without losing your mind? No matter how good he is, he's just a student.'

He was even more annoyed when he saw Shirone frowning without being able to fight back after being insulted as a lowborn.

'You're not even saying a word? Are you ignoring me? No, you must be scared by the words official magician. How pathetic of a man to hide behind a woman... tsk tsk.'

Jokre was mistaken.

The official magician's intimidation didn't work much on Shirone, who had fought with Bosun, a certified 4th class magician.

The reason why Shirone was frowning was not Jokre, but Arman, who was hanging on his waist.

The human mind flows like water.

And Arman's normal control was a delicate function that was close to 100 percent sync rate with the owner's mind.

If you can't control your emotions perfectly, Arman will move before you can calm your mind.

That's why it's a magic sword.

Of course, it wouldn't have mattered to Zion, the previous owner. He just killed whoever he felt like.

But Shirone had to continue his normal school life.

He was a commoner with no place to rely on, and if he committed murder, he could fall into an irreversible situation.

More than anything, the problem was that it was hard to control his emotions like before after going to Kazra.

The Behemoth he drank was trapped in the seal, but it was connected to Shirone's mind through the keyword of anger.

If his emotions were amplified to an uncontrollable state, Arman would cut off the opponent's neck without any hesitation.

'Maybe I shouldn't have brought it out. I'll have to be more careful from now on.'

Jokre finally looked at Shirone who couldn't attack and clicked his tongue, then pointed at the arcade and said to Amy.

"It seems like you can't trust everything in academic journals. He can't even buy a doll for his girlfriend. Can we show you an example from our side?"

Amy shrugged her shoulders.

It was a game that anyone could do if they paid money. What did it matter if he gave permission or not?

"Sure, do whatever you want."

Jokre's group went into the arcade.

As if conscious of Shirone's challenge, Vivian spoke loudly enough for him to hear.

"Guys, you have to give me the Ice Queen if you get it."

"Let's see first. Well, it should be easy for Rudvans."

The host handed over a box with snowballs. Jokre paid the money, but Rudvans received the box.

Jokre looked back at Shirone and Amy who were watching with interest and pointed at Rudvans with his thumb.

"Rudvans is our school's 'Pitch' representative player. You can expect a lot from him."

Pitch was a combat sport that originated from ancient wars, where teams of five threw rubber balls at each other in a field with coverings.

It was a game that children could enjoy funnily among amateurs, but when it came to semi-pro level like school competitions, the ball speed reached up to 160 kilometers per hour.

There were also various tactics using three-cushion and various types of pitches developed, so it was an exciting but high-risk sport.

Rudvans was the ace of the school team, and Ains Pitch team was a strong team that reached the quarterfinals in last year's national competition.

"Where... shall we start with scouting?"

Rudvans' posture was clearly different from ordinary people. There were mechanisms in each segment of his movement and they were smoothly connected to create the best pitch power.

He swung his arm forward like a crocodile and a bang sound burst out as the snowball flew.
[Translated block]


Vivian shouted with joy as she hit the target precisely.

"Good job! Success in one try! That's why you're our school's ace!"
[Translated block]