


[736] Two Perspectives (5)

'Really......'

Was it possible?

Gepin was already erased, a name that exists only as a hypothesis to many magicians.

The infinite magician.

No one can guess what it is, but the head of the Jincheon Universe Nation had evidence that it actually existed.

"Did you contain the whole universe?"

Nane's question was indifferent, but there was a sense of expectation somewhere in his eyes.

"What did you realize?"

Shirone spread his arms and said,

"Life."

All life in the universe.

"It's not a sin to exist, Nane."

Even though it was the same language, there was a different depth in the words spit out by Shirone, and the one who understood it was Nane.

"If all you have to suffer for being born is to reincarnate forever in the shackles of emptiness...."

Shirone cried.

"Because it's such a sad thing."

A sense of disappointment passed through Nane's eyes.

"Is the heart all you got from containing the universe? Isn't that heart rather the source of pain?"

"It's not a problem we can deal with. No matter how big the universe is, it's not bigger than a mother's love for her child."

Can it be denied?

"The heart transcends the universe."

Nane, who had almost realized all the principles, tried his best to chew on Shirone's words.

"If the universe disappears, the heart also disappears."

The heart exists because it exists.

"It seems right at first glance, but it's almost wrong, Shirone."

Nane's preaching, the concept of the end of the world contained in the sword that still points to the ground, another sword was born.

"The new god is heartless."

The iron-colored sword that removes all emotions in this world, the heartless, gushed over the sword of the end and was absorbed.

As Nane's will grew stronger, the ground vibrated, and the feeling of the end of the world was coming to the skin.

Mungyeong gritted his teeth.

"Damn it! How do you expect me to stop that?"

Nane's sword fire was pressing the world in the realm of concepts that transcended phenomena.

"The reason I don't back down is not stubbornness. Do you know how much pain the love you have realized will cause many lives in the future? It's pain without a price. Don't they pity them?"

The distance to the extinction of the universe is 0.00001 nanometers.

"Is it unreasonable to end the pain that just repeats forever without a beginning or an end?"

Nane's precise car number, which was running at 99.9999... percent, stretched up to 184,000 digits below the decimal point.

Shirone said,

"Because it's not our sin."

Even if it's human-made good and evil and human-made pain, there is no original sin in existence.

So, Shirone, who has no cause...

"I am in love."

It came to deny Nane's merit by atoning for the sins of all beings.

"That too is empty."

Dozens of swords spread out behind Nane and rushed towards Shirone.

Destruction, extinction, disassembly... All the concepts needed to erase any existence were being fired.

At the same time, the entrance to the first world exploded.

"Huh!"

As the quantum information tunnel that transcends space-time opens, the enlightenment of sacrifice rushes in.

Then, Shirone's car number, which had jumped over 90 percent, began to drop sharply.

Car number 86.24 percent.

All that's left is just one pure emotion because it sacrificed everything.

'Love.'

The entrance to the 283rd world exploded, and the car number plummeted to 74.31 percent.

Towards absolute sacrifice, where there is no life to exist in the future, good and evil, and nothing petty or grand.

The entrance to the 847th world exploded.

"Ah ah ah ah!"

Car number 49.24 percent.

Shirone's mind was degraded to the level of an animal, but what we must keep until the end was clear.

Car number 24.11 percent.
[Translated block]
To achieve perfect love, it requires pure emotion that does not discriminate against any existence.

'It's not empty, it's us!'

We are almost right, but even if the world is full of pain, the reason we must exist is...

'The heart is bigger than the universe.'

Because we are so precious to ourselves.

Car value 1.4 percent.

"Si, Shiro..."

Everyone looked terrified as they watched Shiro, who was shedding tears of blood from his bloodshot eyes.

Just as no one can understand the infinite wizard, no one knows what is happening to Shiro now, but one thing was clear.

"You're carrying... something tremendous."

Car value 0.24 percent.

"Uaaaaaaaa!"

From animal to plant, from plant to creature, from creature to the lowest status where there is no place to go down.

But that's why you can love.

'Everything.'

Car value 0.0000017 percent.

"It's a big deal! Andre will collapse!"

As the entrance to the 9999th world exploded and the worlds in the tens of thousands exploded one after another, the ceiling began to collapse.

"Why do you give false hope?"

Nane's sermon finale unleashed a tremendous wind pressure and advanced towards the ground.

"How can you not know that the hope you give is the seed of pain?"

"That pain......"

Car value 0.0000000000000001 percent.

"It's proof of existence."

As the car value tumbled towards zero, Shiro's mind lost its standard.

There is no subjective end.

For him, who distributes equal love to all things, sensation can no longer be a criterion for judgment.

'It merges.'

As time and space, visual and tactile sensations integrate, a new sensation completely captivated his mind.

The eighth sense that a living being can have, Superqualia.

The multitude of information transmitted through super-sensation seemed to reveal the essence of this world.

'Idea.'

There can be no subjectivity for those who sense the truth.

"Get out! If you don't get out now......!"

Finally, when the explosion reached the 19000th world, the space-time where Andre was trapped was completely liberated.

As space-time was jumbled up and tried to swallow everyone, a sacred sound cast an ether wave.

"I'll stop it."

As she spread the barrier of space, numerous events that transcended space-time began to overlap.

"Geez! This is totally hell, isn't it?"

No one could predict what would happen if they were swept up in the storm of space-time.

When everyone was afraid to go outside the space of the sacred sound, the figures of Shiro and Nane facing each other proudly flickered in the mix of events.

"Can you stand it?"

Nane, who has a higher car value, guessed why Shiro was not swept away by the storm of space-time.

Shiro, surrounded by light, said.

"Is this enough to be the answer you wanted?"

As the light that blocked space-time expanded into a huge sphere, the storm of space-time was torn to shreds.

"Princess! It's disappearing!"

As the light spread out like an explosion, the sword of the sermon scattered like ashes and the scenery of reality finally came into view.

"It's all blown away."

There was no trace of Andre's cave, and the structures that had been made into tourist spots were not visible.

In the middle of the endless desert, the lights that had spread towards Shiro began to be sucked in.

"That, that is......"

The light that wraps around the brain, the source of consciousness, and the pale but not cold light droplets were endlessly flickering.

Nane, who had been watching the destruction of the sword of the sermon, slowly turned her gaze to Shiro.

"Is it Yahweh?"

The special name of the light that arises from the sense beyond cognition is omnipotence, which can only be used by the infinite wizard who contains all the information of the world.

"It's not unjust."

There is no one in the world who has a higher car value than Nane, so there is no one who can deny him.
[Translated block]


"However, I can't deny you."

The only truth has not yet been established in this world.

"Now I understand why I can't be a god."

Gepin did not leave a question.

"Arian Shirone."

No, Hexa itself was the last barrier blocking the perfect truth.

Shirone and Nane, Nane and Shirone.

"I think it's zero."

The universe is full of emptiness.

"It's love."

The mind transcends the universe.

Both people know that it's just a dream, but the two views looking at the same truth were so extreme.

"Contradiction. No one can get the answer."

The prejudice-free car of Shirone was too weak, but it was also the only point that Nane could not reach.

"I can never be right."

Nane's fingertips pointed at Shirone.

"Can you never be wrong?"

So creatures still have to agonize over the value of existence at the lowest status of the universe.

"But there can't be two standards. If you and I coexist, many lives will suffer."

"I have no intention of backing down."

"......"

Mahagaruta said that Nane's enlightenment was the extreme end of the synthesis that came out after capturing his enlightenment.

But Shirone's realm was shining at the opposite point where Nane could never reach.

"Shirone, as much as you pity life, I also sympathize with them."

It was true.

"So neither of us can give in. As long as one side doesn't disappear, the pain of the present world will continue."

When Nane spread his arms in the posture of shooting a bow, a huge sword with tremendous power was born.

"So......"

When Nane turned his body and spread his arms, a steel-colored sword was born, arching like a curve.

"I will pierce it."

Nane's sermon breaker flew towards Shirone in a distorted shape.

It was a linear attack, but it was probably the most powerful blow in the world, and it penetrated Shirone's forehead in an instant.

'Stop.'

The breaker flying to pierce Shirone froze in space, and the eyes of the holy sound shook in shock.

"I stopped time."

It was a magic called Stop.

'I have already overtaken.'

If there is an ether wave in the space series of scale magic, the vertex of the time series would be Stop.

"Did you solve it that way?"

Nane was the only one who could be calm in front of the ultimate magic.

"So what will you answer to this question?"

On Nane's left, the coldest concept, and on the right, the hottest concept, dozens of swords sprang out.

"Sermon Extreme."

As the sword passed, the sand of the desert froze in spots, and on the other side, flames sprouted.

"Origin."

As the two spheres of Yahweh's light expanded along the spirit zone, small spheres of light floated in both hands.

Mental implementation - sphericalization.

Shirone, who senses super cognition, controls all phenomena like matter, and its concept is expressed through the basic form of the universe, the sphere.

"I'll turn it from the beginning of causality."

As the two spheres of Yahweh merged and rotated at a tremendous speed, the concept of Tai Chi rotated the world.

"Kuuuuuuu!"

As heat and cold mix, a terrible event that violates the rules of the universe seems to occur, but it immediately dissolves into nothingness.

Kido's mouth was dumbfounded.

"What kind of fight is that?"

The reason no one could answer the question was because it was a collision of concepts beyond phenomena.

Nane also had to admit that the realm of Kar, which converges to the extreme zero, was equal to himself.

The sword engraved on Nane's tongue was losing its light.

"......I can't pierce it here."

It seemed to be a distant fight.
[Translated block]