
[520] The Nameless Swordsman (4)

Lian arrived at the entrance of Archi Mountain and was lost in thought.

'You can't save everyone in the world.'

And even if you wanted to save someone, it was suicide if you didn't have the ability to do so.

"I know, Shirone."

He knew that this was not like him.

It was not his style to charge into the enemy lines and die gloriously, knowing that he would die.

"Yeah, that's not it."

Lian smiled.

"You just have to go where your heart leads you."

The scenery was beautiful, and the clear bird sounds filled the valley with a cool breeze.

But the aura of death that awaited him on the hillside distorted all the scenery to the point of making him dizzy.

The faster he walked through the bushes.

He didn't want to waste time if he was going to settle things.

Living five minutes longer wouldn't change the history he had lived so far.

As he approached the bandit's hideout, two bandits who were patrolling the outskirts drew their swords and blocked his way.

"Who are you? Do you know where you are?"

Lian did not slow down and continued to advance.

The bandits' eyes finally filled with killing intent when they saw his trained physique and the great sword he carried on his back.

"Stop. If you don't want to die. Who are you?"

Lian answered by reaching out and grabbing the handle of his great sword.

"This bastard...!"

The two bandits ran down the hill with their swords pointed at him.

"I am Lian."

His face clenched with gritted teeth, and hot air leaked out between his teeth.

"The sword of Shirone."

The bandits' eyes shook with shock.

A huge flash of light rushed in like a tidal wave rising from beyond the horizon.

* * *

Sylvia was seized by a strange fear, and felt a pressure to say something.

"But why are you looking for him?"

Lamdas leaned back in his chair and twirled his mustache.

"Hmm, according to rumors, he has reached Shinjek Choewol."

"Shinjek Choewol?"

"He moves his body with the power of his will. Of course, it's unclear whether that's even possible, but it's an interesting topic for swordsmen. That's why I left for a knight's quest at this age. To see for myself what Shinjek Choewol is. That's why I want to meet him. To see if I can chop up a knight of Maha."

Liz glared at him and asked.

"Do you mean to kill him?"

"Ha ha ha! I don't know, little lady. I'll find out when I fight him. If he's really a Yacha from the myths, my black iron armor will be nothing but scrap metal."

Lamdas looked at Sylvia with his eyes.

"Now, enough talk. Where is the knight of Maha?"

He didn't seem like the type to mock women.

But his more bizarre temperament implied that he would surely kill them if they kept their mouths shut.

"He's our family's benefactor. He killed Fox, but he didn't look that strong. It might be someone else."

Sylvia lied because she didn't really know where Lian was.

"I see. That's reasonable enough. You did your best. Where is he?"

Sylvia sobbed and said.

"I don't know. I asked for his help last night, but he refused and left in the morning."

"Oh, how pitiful. It's a sad thing if it's true. The fact that the knight of Maha was just a coward."

Despite his words, Lamdas' face was cold, and Liz shouted.

"It's true! He left us behind!"

"Ha ha! Then what about yesterday when he cut down Fox in one stroke? Was that a lie too?"

"No, but..."

Lamdas, who had been rocking his upper body back and forth in thought, asked again.

"Then tell me. You were there, so you must know. Didn't you feel anything strange when he cut Fox?"
[Translated block]


Liz's face hardened as if she had been hit by the truth.

She didn't remember the scene at the time.

It wasn't because she was surprised or scared, but because it felt like the world was distorted at that moment.

Lamdas thought Liz's expression was clear evidence.

"You saw it, didn't you? Deny, the action of the Macha Knight."

"I don't know. I didn't see anything."

"You didn't see nothing, you were shocked. It's like a shock wave that destroys human common sense."

Lamdas began to get excited.

"They call it action among sword practitioners. And the action that the Macha Knight uses is Deny."

Liz pulled Sylvia's hem and said, feeling the aura rising from Lamdas.

"I don't understand what you're talking about! And it has nothing to do with us!"

"That's right. But it matters to me. So you have to know, too, what kind of person the Macha Knight is."

Lamdas slowly got up and leaned forward.

"His sword denies the logic of the world."

* * *

"Stop him! The enemy is just one! Archers, hold your positions!"

The 120 members of the Red Spear Bandit Group moved in an orderly manner.

The leader was a former soldier, so the system was different from other bandit groups.

Arrows rained from 16 towers, and infantry armed with swords and spears repeated clustering and dispersing, aiming for Lian's life.

The sword was threatening, the spear was too far away, and the arrows were falling from the square.

"Yaaaah!"

Lian swung his greatsword in an X shape, scattering the troops and hitting the pillar of the tower made of thick logs.

The place where the greatsword passed was cut off, and the tower slowly tilted and then fell quickly.

"Aaah!"

Lian found an archer from the debris of the tower and stabbed his back with his greatsword.

At the same time, eight spears came in from different directions.

"Damn it!"

Lian rolled on the floor to avoid them and looked around.

No matter where he looked, he only saw enemies.

'That's right, this is 100 people.'

Anyone who has experienced war for a long time knows how big the gap is between 100 people in their head and 100 people in reality.

He eliminated three people in ten minutes, but this meant that he could never annihilate them.

It takes 300 minutes to eliminate one person every three minutes.

That is, he had to fight for five hours with his life on the line, which was harder than sprinting at full power.

Of course, this was also an ideal minimum figure.

"Surround him! Don't give him a chance to rest!"

The enemies also knew that fact, so they didn't rush recklessly, but pushed Lian into a corner and only spread their poison when a decisive opportunity came.

'I can't win this way anyway.'

He ends it in an hour.

The enemies who sensed Lian's strategy kept their distance.

But faster than that, Lian jumped in like a beast.

'What...?'

The world seemed to sway as if distorted around Lian, and the bandits' eyes widened.

A movement that destroys the common sense of inertia.

How can landing be faster than jumping?

"Yaaaaah!"

He swung his greatsword hard and three bodies were cut off.

An attack that cannot be defended even with a shield.

The bandits were startled, but they gathered courage because of the huge difference in numbers and advanced again.

"Kill him! If our forces decrease, we'll be more in danger!"

The captain's words caused a great echo, and the bandits raised their determination as if they were facing a monster that had raided their village.

"Damn it! He wasn't just a kid!"

To the eyes of the bandit group, Lian's balance was excellent.

But there were 200 eyes watching him, and some of them accurately penetrated his gaps and wounded him.

"Ugh!"

Two arrows stuck in his shoulder and back, and a spear cut his side and passed by.

'There's no end to this.'

So far he had cut off 40 enemies, but Lian couldn't feel the difference between 120 and 80.
[Translated block]


```text
'This is not it.'

As fatigue accumulated, he was tormented by thirst that could not be quenched no matter how hard he swung.

A feeling that he seemed to write only wrong answers no matter what he did because the central axis of the accident was already tilted.

'I don't care if I die. But…….'

Born as a prosecutor, I want to feel a perfect cut even once.

"Yaaaa!"

Lian rushed in with a scream.

If you don't have a head to realize, you have no choice but to accumulate countless failures through your body.

'……What?'

How much time has passed?

Lian realized that the number of enemies had been reduced considerably.

'How many times did I swing?'

He didn't remember the battle.

No, I wasn't conscious of it.

At the moment when he felt the sensation of being cut, a tingling sensation ran up his spine.

'This is it!'

The perfect cut that went in for the first time with consciousness.

And the conclusion that Lian, who accepted that cut with the cells of his whole body, came to was……

'It wasn't tilted.'

There was nothing wrong from the beginning.

The sword just goes anywhere.

So what was tilted was not the sword...

'Just me.'

Swordsmanship does not save the world.

It's not a sword that cuts people.

In the end, it's human.

Therefore, the sword is just something that you can swing as you want.

'Go ahead for me!'

Five fountains of blood spurted out from five necks where the great sword passed.

"The taste of cutting has become sharper."

Peycon, who was watching the battle from the top of the mountain herbs, said.

He was so huge that the stone chair felt narrow, and there was a spear stained with real human blood leaning against the armrest.

"It could be a fluke. Enlightenment is not something that comes easily."

Breeze, one of the deputy chiefs of the bandit group and the only magician, said.

He was an old man in his mid-60s with a beard that looked like it had been roughly grown with a brush.

"There is no fluke. Especially swords are more so."

Peycon was well aware of Lian's change.

"If you realize before swinging, you are a genius, and if you realize after swinging 10,000 times, you are a fool. But 10,000 times is scary. It's a matter of who takes money and comes back between an excellent gambler with 1 gold and a stupid gambler with 100 million gold. Being able to swing 10,000 times is another asset that a genius cannot have."

Breeze stroked his beard and said.

"Then I'll have to step up."

It would be difficult to deal with only infantry when the momentum of the sword was at its peak.

Peycon nodded as if he agreed with that thought.

"Give him one shot and come back. If he's that skilled, we'll have to accept some casualties."

Breeze stepped forward in front of the platform and raised both hands. A reddish flame flickered above his head as it gathered in the air.

If you blow up this radius as it is, your subordinates will also be sacrificed, but if you don't stop Lian who has turned into a beast now, it will be more difficult later.

"Young age and skill are decent...…"

Breeze took a magical action to push both hands forward and cast a huge fireball.

"You've found the wrong water to play with."

"Fireball!"

The bandits shouted at the same time as Lian turned his head in a crooked posture.

His eyes widened as he saw a huge flame flying in while eating up the atmosphere.

Shinjeokchoewol-Yacha.

As soon as the afterimage of Hwashin appeared as if expanding air, Breeze felt his hair stand on end.

"Keeeeee!"

Lian twisted his waist with all his might and swung his great sword toward the flying fireball.

Acting-Denai.

As a roar erupted and a gust of wind rose, the fireball lost its momentum and split in half.

Breeze looked at it with a blank expression on his face.

"My, my magic..."

Peycon also leaned forward with an expression that he couldn't understand.

"...Did you cut my magic?"
```
[Translated block]


Even he, who had lived on the battlefield for decades, had never seen or even heard of such a sight.
[Translated block]