


[680] Sensory Occurrence (4)

* * *

Shagal only had a single short sword left, but the attacks on Ethela were simultaneous.

Dozens of sword wounds appeared on Ethela's arms and legs, which were protecting her vital organs.

Her superhumanly trained muscles did not allow a single drop of bleeding, but now they were reaching their limit.

As Skima's function rapidly declined and consciousness faded, Shagal kicked annoyingly.

Instead of the sharp attack that dug into the flesh, Ethela fell backwards when he pushed the whole body.

"Why?"

Shagal, who is one of the top hundred in the world for brutality, was not a congenital psychopath, so he felt sick.

"Why don't you fight back?"

The Leaf Circus never existed in the world.

The reason why he couldn't shout that it was not, even though he was denied the clear memory he felt with his senses, was because the thought that it might be possible was laid at the bottom of his unconsciousness.

'Only the smell is clear.'

He has a superhuman sense of smell that humans do not have, but the scent of the incident does not convey visual information.

Only the memory that he remembers vividly exists, and if he goes deep, he can't even remember Tia's face.

"Archbishop Raphael did not kill you."

Shagal, who woke up from his thoughts, glared at Ethela who had fallen.

"If that's the will of the master, I will accept it."

"Will? Don't kill?"

Shagal walked up to Ethela and pointed a short sword at her neck.

"Does it raise your master's honor to say that? Why would he keep me, the world's greatest murderer, alive?"

Ethela recalled Archbishop Raphael's teachings.

"Being good is not about having the power to harm evil. Isn't it the same for you?"

Ethela, who had no strength in her limbs, just turned her head and looked at Shagal.

"Sacrifice. The courage to burn oneself for good and even embrace the devil. The master said that is the true value of good."

"Stop talking nonsense."

There was a time when he lived forgiving.

Because he believed that someone else would forgive him too.

But the one who always makes mistakes is evil.

The only way to purify the world is to eliminate all possibilities of evil.

"Can you tell me what the master said just before he passed away?"

"I don't remember."

Shagal shook his head as if his neck was stiff.

"It doesn't matter. I realized it the moment I saw you."

"What? What do you know about me?"

He thought he had to kill this woman as soon as possible.

"Does the world of good come when all the evils are killed?"

Shagal pressed a short sword against Ethela's neck and exhaled roughly through his nose.

"The confrontation between good and evil is not so simple. Peace comes only when all evil turns to good. The master wanted to convey that great wish."

Shagal's voice squeezed out.

"No. What do you know......"

One day, all of a sudden, if all humans turn to good hearts, the world's pain will disappear like magic.

Clearly possible.

And it's such an easy thing, but why can't humanity reach there and even consider it impossible?

"I've suffered what, you know......"

- Forgive me.

The blade stopped in front of Ethela's eyes.

'Master.'

Why did Raiden say that just before he died?

'What? What should I forgive?'

Shagal raised his arm again.

"Uaaaaa!"

- You have to forgive! Shagal!

"Kkeok! Kkeok!"

As if someone was holding his wrist, his arm did not go down, and Shagal cried out in tears.
[Translated block]


"Why did you kill? Why!"

Did Raiden find out that everything was fake?

So did he cruelly erase Tia, whom his disciple loved so much, from the world?

"It's too late! It can't be undone now!"

He lied to Etela, but he never forgot for a moment after killing Raphael.

-The way back is behind you.

"What do you want me to do!"

After losing all the people he loved, he killed countless humans.

Because anyone can choose evil, he destroyed all possibilities regardless of good and evil.

"But it's fake? There was no Tia? My whole life was an illusion?"

He couldn't accept that.

"No! Tia is real! My life is real! I am a murderer! I am the worst of evils!"

Shagal, who threw the dagger, climbed on top of Etela and shook her shoulders.

"It's Tia! Tell the truth! You're Tia!"

If she says so, he thought he could laugh even if he fell into hell right now.

"No. I don't know you."

"Shut up! You're Tia!"

Shagal kissed Etela as he did to Tia.

'Yes, it's Tia.'

Familiar saliva smell, sweat smell, flesh smell.

"Damn it! Why can't I remember!"

There was only smell.

'La Enemy.'

While accepting Shagal's kiss defenselessly, Etela recalled the creepy will of La.

'I don't know why you're doing this, but it won't go your way.'

"Tia! Tia!"

Nemesis was inserted into Etela's hand, and the imagination was realized.

"Ti......"

Shagal, with a surprised expression, raised his upper body and looked around.

-Shagal! Clean up quickly! The show starts in 2 hours!

-Oh, you've gotten a lot better at aerial swings?

The things that happened in the grass leaf circus passed quickly.

-Shagal, you're the ace from now on.

There was not a single thing in the form of a human, including the precious members who were like family, Tia, and even the audience, and they were all fluttering in the sky, dissolved in black smoke.

"Uh uh uh uh......"

Shagal's mouth slowly opened and his eyes rolled up.

"My master was like a father to me."

Shagal, who held onto consciousness at Etela's voice, looked down at her.

Tears were flowing from her eyes beyond her glasses.

"I hate you to death. But...... I will love you as much as I feel that hatred."

The moment you get angry, good loses to evil.

"So come back. Come back and fix everything."

Shagal, who was out of his mind, staggered up.

'Come back?'

He wasn't afraid to die.

Just as Etela could endure any pain for good, Shagal was also a person who had let go of everything at the extreme of evil.

'I can't.'

There was something he had to do before paying the price.

'I'll kill him.'

He will pull out La Enemy, who thoroughly exploited his life, in front of him and stab him.

'Stab, stab, stab, stab, stab!'

Just by imagining it, the anger amplified and his hands trembled.

'I'll kill him! Kill him! I'm going to kill him!'

"Miss Etela!"

Shirone fired the photon cannon.

It was a powerful force that could collapse the wall, but Shagal had already flown his body over the building.

"Miss Etela!"

"It's okay, Shirone."

"Teacher!"

"Leave the store alone. I have a plan."

Shagal, who had heard that far, turned his head slightly on the railing.

"......What's your name?"

"I'm Romi Etela."

"Etela."

Tia did not exist in this world.

"Don't wait. I'm not going back."
[Translated block]


As soon as the words ended, Shagal's figure disappeared.

Shirone, who had been fiercely staring at the rooftop, relaxed her expression and ran to Etela.

"Teacher, are you okay?"

Although she was enduring with Skima's ability, the wound was too deep to recover immediately.

'I can't believe that Teacher Etela has been hit like this...'

Come to think of it, everyone was dead.

Goblins, Pidu, Tubo, and even her own mercenaries.

'All these numbers alone?'

As Etela sat leaning against the building wall, Shirone, who had come out of her thoughts, asked.

"Teacher, why did you just let him go?"

"He is unforgivable. He will commit many murders in the future."

"Then all the more..."

"You must have realized it by now, Mr. Shirone."

Shirone closed her mouth.

"All the events that have happened so far are not coincidences. It's someone's design that stays outside of cause and effect."

"La Enemy."

Etela nodded.

"Did the teacher already know? That humanity is already a puppet of La Enemy, and we can't even distinguish what is real and what is fake. Already three of the five senses have gathered in Radum. If you consider the case of Meirei, she is a capable person who can manipulate events on a cosmic scale."

Was it really a coincidence that Meirei woke up from a dream among the trustees?

Humans make puppets dance, but puppets think they are dancing themselves.

"Honestly, I don't know. Whether sending Shagal was purely my will or part of La Enemy's design. If I had taken revenge on Shagal, would it have been an event that escaped from La Enemy's design?"

In the end, nothing can be known.

"La Enemy has a completely different strength from the enemies we have fought so far. If he wanted to kill you, Mr. Shirone, it would have been too easy."

"Maybe so."

I would have died.

Whether Miro kills, Gaold kills, or the whole world comes out to kill Shirone, it was La Enemy who had the ability to create such an event.

"I don't know the intention, that's my honest judgment. So the teacher didn't kill Shagal either. To find out exactly what La Enemy is aiming for, I decided to try dying first."

It was a human-like judgment that reached the extreme of selflessness.

"I also intend to follow the teacher's maintenance. If any choice cannot escape from La's snare, we have no choice but to watch and look for opportunities. When all the senses, the sum of human perceptions, gather, there will definitely be an opportunity."

"Can we win, we?"

Can humanity escape from La Enemy's bondage?

"It's not a matter of choice. We need a compass. A person who can judge and act on an absolute standard, apart from emotions or beliefs, events or variables."

That's exactly what Car is.

"It will be a tough fight. But it's not hopeless."

Etela looked back at Shirone.

"Go to Saenghwa. Even if it's under his design, all we can do is meet La Enemy."

Shirone looked back at Saenghwa.

If La Enemy, who revealed his horns to certain senses, did not kill them, those who were to come would come and those who were to die would die.

'I can't stand it.'

Humans are not puppets.

"I'll be back, teacher."

Although she was injured, Etela would have been able to protect her body.

"You must never break."

With a smile, Shirone briefly mourned for the dead mercenaries and flew into the sky.

As soon as Shirone disappeared, Etela's expression was again immersed in sadness.

'Teacher, I'm sorry.'

I ended up saying that I hate it.

I was scared because it was a sincere heart that came out after breaking my will, and I didn't have the confidence to fight the huge evil that would come in the future.

'You shouldn't have gone like that. It's too much of a burden for me. Can I do it?'

Can I sincerely forgive Shagal?
[Translated block]
Raindrops began to fall on the face of Ethel, who was looking up at the gray sky.
[Translated block]