


[379] Volume 16 - Entering the Competitive System (3)

Iruki landed on the training ground. And he smiled and approached Binder.

"Ugh!"

Iruki was not impatient even though Binder backed away. For him, everything was over.

"You're definitely clean. It felt like reading a textbook."

Cancellation analyzes the changes that occur in the opponent's spirit zone and reverses all vector quantities in reverse order.

The effect of resetting omnipotence is quite amazing, but it is also a magic that cannot be ignored by the humiliation that the opponent feels.

"Don't laugh! My omnipotence is perfect!"

Binder cast magic again as if he couldn't lose. But now omnipotence was being reset before he even tried.

"I know. Perfect. Perfect."

Binder's upper lip curled up like a gorilla. Then he suddenly looked down with a bewildered expression.

An explosive reaction was occurring below.

'Oops!'

"It's okay. It's only a 10-kilobuster."

Iruki turned around at the same time as the explosion occurred.

In-system interpersonal combat does not have a 'jungle' judgment unless it is a special situation, so Binder did not fly away. It was just that the mental power gauge was pushed out and hit 0.

He could have endured it if he had cast defensive magic, but there was nothing he could do in front of cancellation.

Iruki came down from the training ground, drawing a V for victory.

He used to be booed for being rude to the loser, but no one in the graduating class laughed at him.

"From the first day... cancellation."

Their expressions were serious. Iruki had revealed one of the most powerful weapons he could use.

'Does he have confidence that he will never lose? Or is there another magic prepared.'

As soon as he openly revealed his killer move, his thoughts began to get complicated.

"Hmm..."

Fermi watched the battle with his hands in his pockets. Then he smiled and asked his colleague.

"How many seconds?"

"2 minutes 11 seconds."

"It takes 2 minutes and 11 seconds to restore a broken glass."

No matter how orthodox Binder is, it is impossible to analyze the spirit zone of the graduating class level in 3 minutes unless it is a servant's brain.

'If interpersonal combat is given in the graduation exam, that would be quite tricky.'

Calculations related to business went through Fermi's head quickly.

* * *

The door of the dormitory closed with a thud.

Shirone, who returned to the dormitory after 11 pm, collapsed on the bed, groaning.

"Ugh, I'm tired. I'm so tired."

The graduation class schedule has already entered its fourth week.

Unless it was a special situation, most evaluations ended around lunchtime, but there was no time to rest.

The graduation class was literally wild.

No one taught anything, and if you wanted something, you had to learn it yourself.

Shirone also continued training all day long with his friends after the evaluation was over.

Interpersonal combat was still on a roll, and cognition and judgment were also advantageous for Shirone.

Even when faced with a terrible situation, his mental endurance did not waver, and he moved accurately toward the exit of survival with judgment derived from excellent insight.

But other students also had professional skills in one field.

Binder, who aimed for Yongnoe, received full marks for omnipotence implementation, and Arin and Dorothy Jonein of mental type received attention for mental activity.

Those with unique majors like Pisho maintained their rankings by steadily gaining points in their specialty enhancement.

Therefore, even though six events were rotated four times already, the change in ranking was still minimal.

"It's much harder than I thought."

Considering the 30-week schedule, it can still be said to be an early race.

But Shirone's fatigue was beyond imagination.

He had to take an evaluation every day where one point could drop his ranking. The tension that came from there melted into his personal training in the afternoon, and when he entered the dormitory, he became completely exhausted.
[Translated block]


"I want to sleep. I want to sleep. I just want to sleep for an hour."

Contrary to his mumbling, Shirone got up from his bed.

Other students would have been able to sleep by now, but he had another assignment.

To complete the condition that Gaold had given him.

The reason he trained every day until he bled was not only to raise his rank, but also to avoid being killed in the possible heaven trip.

He had to become stronger.

And he had to develop.

A magic that could destroy heaven.

"Me?"

Was he talking about himself, who was exhausted from the graduation evaluation?

"Haha!"

Shirone let out a hollow laugh and sat down at his desk and opened his notebook.

There were many ideas that he had come up with for a month.

But none of them could get to the core, so they were still just scribbles.

'Let's approach it conceptually today. A magic that can destroy heaven. What would it be?'

First of all, it had to be a long-range magic.

If he cast a wide-area destruction magic at close range, he would die from the aftermath.

'No, depending on the situation, I might have to think about that too...'

Shirone wrote 'possibility of caster's death' in the corner of his notebook.

'I can die. Would that open up more possibilities?'

Shirone thought hard and clenched his head.

"Ugh, I really don't know."

The key was to use Ataraxia's amplification power.

That was certain.

But it was extremely difficult to reach the light-speed domain with a photon cannon that had mass.

He might be able to surpass the speed of sound someday, but even then, it wasn't enough to blow up heaven.

"I'm just running on a squirrel wheel."

Shirone wrote Ataraxia and added trigger next to it.

Ataraxia's strength was undoubtedly its tremendous amplification power, but on second thought, it had other advantages as well.

First of all, it was especially threatening to the beings of heaven.

Humans who were sensitive to sensations were shocked by the halo, but Maras who were born from the concept of angels felt not only that, but also an instinctive fear.

"Hmm, I can delay it."

Shirone put parentheses around Ataraxia and wrote 'delay 1-2 seconds'.

"The most important thing is the trigger."

The magic that penetrated Ataraxia was no longer under the control of the mage's spirit zone, but under Ataraxia's control.

That was why Shirone defined Ataraxia as a siege magic.

"Amplification. Delay. Trigger."

These were the three types of Ataraxia's miracles.

"Then what kind of magic can I use...?"

Shirone wrote them down in order.

For offensive magic, there were photon cannon, homing photon cannon, and laser.

For defensive magic, there were light shield and dark sphere.

For control skills, there were shining impact, shining chain, slow, and for movement skills, there were teleportation, space movement, mass teleportation, scatter movement, and light speed could also be classified as a movement skill.

"That's a lot. I've worked pretty hard."

He felt proud for a moment, but soon his expression darkened.

No matter how diverse his magic was, none of them could blow up heaven completely.

No, it was impossible from the start.

How could he possibly destroy heaven when he wasn't even a formal mage?

"No! This won't work! That won't work! Nothing works!"

Shirone drew a big X on his notebook and buried his face on his desk.

All he had gained from researching for a month was a feeling that tickled his brain like a thread.

Even if he learned new magic, he would reach his limit in a single line within a year anyway.

'Amplification. Delay. Trigger. Time division. Force. Fusion. And the magic I've learned so far.'

He had to combine all these things and create something completely new.

He might be wrong, but on the other hand, he had a strange feeling that it was the answer that flowed along the channel of insight.

'Let's find it. Let's find it. Let's find a way.'
[Translated block]


```
Repeating the only thought left in his head, Shirone fell asleep.

The meaning of survival (1)

A holiday that cannot be exchanged for anything for the graduating class.

But Shirone had to wake up from his sleep with sleepy eyes from dawn.

Today was the day of the whole evaluation, which was held six times a year, after the fourth week evaluation was over.

It was an evaluation that required him to do his best as it was an opportunity to experience the regular subjects of the graduation test.

In addition, the winner gets 20 points and the loser loses 20 points.

If 40 points are at stake, it is natural to think that other students who have been waging psychological warfare so far will do their best.

In terms of interpersonal combat, it is equivalent to 13 consecutive wins.

When judged by strengthening one's specialty, it was also equivalent to passing the master level in four categories.

'Today could be a turning point for the rankings. No, it's bound to change.'

The whole evaluation to be held today is a subject called survival.

Since it is a rule that there must be a loser, depending on the situation, one could also expect a fiery rise in ranking.

Especially if it was survival, it was a match that Shirone could not miss as it was the graduation test version of his specialty, cognition and judgment.

The students enter a huge virtual zone as a group.

And they are evaluated for their mental strength in how long they can endure in extreme situations.

Judgment is important, but mental endurance is essential.

Shirone had no choice but to be in a disadvantageous position in the future schedule if he did not score here.

Shirone met Nade and Iruki and left the building and headed for the training ground where the large virtual zone was located.

Many students were already gathered there.

They were still competitors, but they no longer felt the awkwardness of the beginning.

Also, Pia identification was somewhat done.

It was hard to get along with Screamer, Pony, and Ruman, but Maya and Aider were quite compatible in personality.

Dorothy and Suabi, Pisho were neutral, and the students of Class One did not even look at Class Three.

When all of the graduating class gathered, Colly lined up the students by class and checked their eyes one by one.

As it was rumored to be the most dangerous and harsh subject among all evaluations, his face also had a serious look on it.

"Today's whole evaluation subject is survival. I will explain the rules before starting. First, divide into teams. The line drawn over there is the basis for the right side being the red team and the left side being the blue team."

There was a line drawn on the wide open space leading into the virtual zone.

"Once the team is decided, everyone enters the virtual zone. The survival program consists of seven stages from stage one to stage seven, and lasts for a total of 50 minutes. The team's victory or defeat is decided regardless of the results ahead at the point where the final survivor comes out. In other words, the team that has the final survivor takes all victory and loses 20 points."

Boyle raised his hand.

"What is the criterion for deciding on a team?"

"Go to whichever team you want."

Pandora asked.

"Uh, there... Don't you have to match 15 to 15?"

"It doesn't matter. It's okay if 30 people are on one team."

The atmosphere of Class Three became chilly. There were also students who looked around as if this was ridiculous.

'If 30 people are on one team, there's no competition. What kind of rules are there?'

Of course, there would be no one who would say let's form a 30-person team and die together or live together.

It's because this is a graduating class where everyone is desperate to gain an advantage over others.

But they had to think about what the rules meant.

Considering the operating principles of the graduating class so far, it was not just a competitive system that gained points and raised rankings.

It depended on what position you took among your competitors, and how accurately you assessed other people's abilities.

Iruki said.

"The position of a magician in a real party is absolute. It looks like there's no exception for a whole evaluation."

If a magician shakes, the party is annihilated. That was common sense even for third-rate travelers.
```
[Translated block]
```
It's not enough to pass the graduation exam just because you have powerful magic and an excellent spirit zone.

How firmly you establish your position with intellectual judgment among the competitors was also an invisible evaluation item.

"From now on, I will decide on a team. The set time is 10 minutes. Those who do not meet the time limit are considered to have abstained. Go to the team you want."

As Colly's words fell, 30 students flinched as if they were stunned.

Someone must have flinched first, but in the end it was an unpleasant reaction speed that could not find the culprit.

You need to think carefully.

The rule that you can get 20 points for winning even if only one of your team members survives.

Therefore, for students who are not confident in survival events, it was crucial which team they stayed in.

In a sense, it is a true survival skill.

That's why people who are confident in their mental endurance have to move first.

Some were already thinking of taking the lead.

It's just that it was quite annoying to choose between meaningless red and blue.

'What was the blue team and red team victory ratio so far?'

It was a kind of jinx.

"I'll choose first for now."

Shirone moved first.

He was aiming for the final survivor, so he didn't need to worry about other people's choices.

As Shirone went to the red team, the crowd finally swayed. The second person to move was naturally Nade and Iruki.

Shirone's party is the red team.

As the core information was collected, the brains of the remaining 27 people began to spin quickly.

"Hmm, then should I go blue?"

Everyone looked at him at Fermi's voice. Fermi's party followed behind him as he walked confidently.

Fermi, who arrived at the center of the blue team, looked back at Shirone and smiled mischievously.

Shirone did not laugh. He couldn't tell what was behind that thin gaze.

Finally, the moment the remaining students were waiting for came.

The teams were divided into Class Three's formidable freshmen and Fermi's party, who had never missed the final evaluation first place so far.

Which side has a higher chance of winning?

From now on, it was a matter of choice.
```
[Translated block]