


[554] The Power of a Day (3)

* * *

D-36 days.

From the day after the sequence exceeded 1 quadrillion, Shirone's skills grew rapidly enough to be called acceleration.

His eyes bulged as the number that started from 1 accelerated endlessly and began to enter the unit of quadrillions.

'2 quadrillion!'

He was counting the numbers, but he no longer felt like he was reading them.

It was a state where numbers flowed endlessly in his thoughts, like blood flowing along his blood vessels.

'3 quadrillion!'

Through a huge realization that allowed him to take the first step in a new realm, Shirone's numbers raced without end.

'4 quadrillion!'

Miro's eyes were filled with a hint of curiosity as he watched the training with emotions that were overwhelming as the growing numbers.

'Huh? What's this?'

Shirone's avatar was in the form of an angel with wings of light.

Also, as the sequence progressed, the afterglow of light disappeared and the outline became clearer.

However, after exceeding 4 quadrillion, the outline began to distort, and even parts of it were collapsing.

'Is the change starting now?'

When you reach the realm of unity with water, the spirit of prajna can influence the laws of things.

However, just by collapsing the form, he could not even guess what kind of personality was contained in Shirone's avatar.

"Huh!"

Shirone, who took a rough breath, trembled with a shocked expression and then knelt down with a thud.

Miro came a little closer and asked.

"How many?"

"It ended at 5 quadrillion."

Half without energy.

'It's a psychological brake.'

He had absorbed some kind of technique that could be learned in the unit of quadrillions into his sequence and destroyed more than 4 quadrillion in an instant, but the thought of being half of the goal created a new limit.

"I told you before, but you shouldn't be obsessed. Only flexible thinking like water can break the limit."

"Yes."

Of course, if it was as easy as saying, there would be no failure in the world.

"I'll try again."

Miro was satisfied with the fact that Shirone no longer made a groaning sound.

'The desire for success has overcome the fear of failure.'

Failure, failure, endless repetition of failure.

However, if you do not give up, it is not a failure, but it is absorbed as many experiences necessary to reach success.

'You're doing well, Shirone. People who have never fallen cannot walk.'

It's not about training to get a sweet title like a 'genius' magician or a 'monster-like powerful' magician.

'Fail a lot. It's not embarrassing. Rather, it's something to be proud of.'

A 'trained' magician who can cope with any variables.

'That's your pride and the highest medal a pro can have.'

Shirone, who was staring at the world of numbers and concentrating, had a distorted nose.

'I'm going to be a magician! I will definitely become one!'

D-34 days.

Dorothy's room was hot with anger and dizzy with the smell of pleasure.

On the bed was Dorothy, who was lying crookedly and buried in the blanket, and a sound of joy or crying pierced the barrier of cotton and leaked out.

"Ah! Ah!"

Next to the bed, the scrap metal doll Hickory was completely smashed and scattered.

"Ah! Ah!"

He thought he had almost completed it, but at the last moment, all sorts of errors burst out.

'Why now! Why do they all burst at once!'

The anger reached its peak, and the mind was distorted.

"Ah! Ah!"

At the moment when the blanket in the form of a crouching worm was shaking roughly, the door was kicked open and the younger sister entered.

"Hey! What was that noise earlier? You broke something again!"

The movement of the blanket stopped, and the younger sister who had been quietly looking around the room frowned as if she knew this would happen.

"Anyway, psycho! What are you doing without showing your nose during the vacation! Do you know how worried mom is?"

Dorothy, who was crouching and shaking her body, straightened her body and sat on her knees at the continued nagging.

"Again, what are you doing! You're not even showing your nose during the vacation! Do you know how worried mom is?"

Dorothy, who was crouching and shaking her body, straightened her body and sat on her knees at the continued nagging.
[Translated block]


"……Get out."

Her face, wrapped in a blanket, was drenched in cold sweat.

"Before you tell me to get out, you should stay quiet! You should consider the person living next door! All day in bed……!”

"Get out!"

Her younger sister flinched at the high-pitched scream.

She was always an abnormal sister, but this hysteria was no joke.

"Crazy…….”

As her younger sister fled the room, Dorothy pulled the blanket back over her head and curled up.

"Ah! Ahhh!"

A scream of agony burst out from under the blanket.

D-23 days.

For 20 minutes now, sparks were flying from Iruki's eyes.

As a massive amount of data flowed back into his head, which was calculating nuclear fusion, the blood vessels in his eyes began to burst.

Even as he shed tears of blood, Iruki's mouth was smiling.

'I can do it. Because I can.'

If you can't succeed, keep trying until you do.

Data began to crash into the iron wall blocking the perfect formula at an incredible speed.

'It will open eventually.'

Even if it doesn't open, it doesn't matter.

Because the successful self beyond the iron door will come out to meet him.

D-21 days.

'Why? Why can't I move forward from here?'

Amy's face, spinning the spirit zone in sniper mode, was distorted with anger.

For several days, the accuracy of her sniping had not risen above 90%.

Amy, who had backed up her own state in her red eyes, found a stagnation point in her psychological data.

'Stupid. You're satisfied.'

Because she felt that perfection was unnatural, she couldn't reach it.

'Your thinking is rigid! You need to destroy yourself!'

As she spun the spirit zone, the 2-kilometer sniper zone spun at an incredible speed.

Every time she fired a fire strike at the target, the air rang with a thud.

The flame, accelerated along the air tunnel, reached the target in just 1.3 seconds.

'If it's not 100%, it's meaningless!'

Dozens of targets exploded simultaneously.

D-19 days.

"Good, Screamer! Smash it!"

"Ah! Ah! Ahhh!"

Screamer screamed in pain, but his body didn't stop.

He had reached a runner's high.

Pyroco, who had been blankly watching his son's frantic pounding, muttered in a choked voice.

"That's right, Screamer. That's it…….”

"What? What did you say!"

Screamer was annoyed at not hearing, but Pyroco was just proud of his son.

'You've finally crossed it.'

There's a limit to getting stronger because you want to beat someone, because you want to trample on the loser and feel superior.

'No, you can't get stronger.'

Such low-grade pleasure is too easily discouraged in the face of the immense pain that lies ahead.

'Screamer, do you know why so many people are risking their lives to compete?'

Because they don't want to lose.

They endure any pain because they can't admit that they failed to do something.

'Become a wizard, Screamer! Become a champion! Because that will be the greatest happiness in your life!'

"Dad! What are you doing!"

Pyroco suddenly came to his senses and wiped away his tears.

He must be in unbearable pain, so if he doesn't have any fighting spirit, he won't be able to endure it.

"Good, Screamer! You've finally got him groggy! The champion is completely out of it! Tear him apart! Finish him off!"

"Ah!"

D-14 days.

The psychological break of reaching half of 1 경 did not easily disappear.

The sequence was still stuck at the limit of 5,000 trillion, and several days passed in that state.

'It's okay. You're doing your best.'

Shirone was not anxious.

If you can't, you can't, and that's what it means to face reality coolly.
[Translated block]
"Ha ha!"

Sitting on a rock by the stream, Shiro suddenly burst into laughter.

Looking across, he noticed that most of the leaves on the thirty-second branch of the tree on the other side had fallen down, but one leaf had risen up.

"That's really funny."

The fact that he could laugh at the direction of a leaf that no one else would even pay attention to was evidence of his flexible thinking.

"The spider has built a big house. That's nice."

During his training period, a spider web that had been destroyed by rain and wind about five times was hanging between the branches.

"It's really persistent. Right, there was a lot of wind last night."

He felt happiness in the sight of the spider stretching its thin legs and walking around the house.

"You've endured."

At that moment, his body shivered and he looked sad.

"Huh? Huh?"

Tears poured out in an overwhelming emotion that he couldn't control.

"Ah, I see."

There is no such thing as trivial.

"Well done. Well done, spider."

Even if it's just a trifle, even if it's a disgusting spider that no one else would even look at, if you look inside, there is a story as big as your own.

"There is a path everywhere."

As Shiro's spirit zone opened, the incarnation of an angel began to sprout.

As Elysion was activated, the boundary between the world and me disappeared, and the sequence began to run at a tremendous speed in a state where even the instructions of the maze were forgotten.

3 trillion, 4 trillion, 5 trillion.

The limit that I thought was the limit was broken down, and finally the number was piled up to a higher level.

"6 trillion! 7 trillion!"

As the incarnation of the angel collapsed further, the maze that had been watching from a distance smiled.

"All things in the world converge on life."

No matter what level, no transcendence can surpass living.

"I want to be a magician. That's also a great life that can't be compared with others."

Thinking that he might be able to reach it in time, the maze observed the change of the incarnation.

"What?"

The expression of the laughing maze suddenly hardened.

As the sequence that had been running at 7 trillion entered 8 trillion, the form of the incarnation completely collapsed and the particles of light began to whirl around forming numerous whirlpools.

The dazzling spectacle was overwhelming, but it was not a sight that could be called beautiful.

It was a grotesque vortex that felt hideous enough to be honest.

"No, it's not that level. It would be the same if I stood in front of the sun."

Feeling hideous is a human standard.

It was scary because it was a phenomenon that transcends all human experiences, even if you don't know what personality the incarnation has.

"What kind of singularity is it?"

As if space-time was distorted, the scenery was refracted and many afterimages were overlapping.

"The change is becoming clearer."

It was safe to say that there was not much left until the state of unity with water, having realized the fact that there is a path everywhere in the body.

"It seems like it will be a little more."

While cheering for the sequence as much as he was curious about Shiro's incarnation, the light vortex suddenly disappeared as if it were a lie.

"Heuk! Heuk!"

Shiro, who had come out of the trance, was panting and then quickly turned around when he felt the presence of the maze.

"Did you see it just now? I broke through! I went up to 9 trillion!"

"9 trillion... It's the abyss of perfection."

Unlike what he expected, the maze bit his lips and Shiro realized that he had violated the instruction.

"Ah, I'm sorry. I didn't know the sequence...."

"No, you did well. Even if you break through 5 trillion, you'll probably get stuck once more. Let's do our best to succeed during the remaining period."

"Yes!"

Shiro, who gained confidence, walked briskly to the training hall.

On the other hand, the maze was still unable to leave the place and looked back at the rock where Shiro had been sitting.

It was a regrettable situation because it was almost reached, but it was greedy to hope for more than this.
[Translated block]


"We'll be able to check soon. But what kind of avatar is it?"

The change in the law that was revealed when it was close to the singularity was a strange phenomenon that even Miro, the strongest Prajna, could not analyze. 

Please let me know if you need help with anything else.
[Translated block]