


[797] Complex (2)

Pony opened her eyes thinly and asked back.

"A weird person?"

"Maybe a terrorist could be mixed in there."

Pony knew what the terrorist's irregular diet was based on.

"Is it possible? There wasn't enough room for such an attempt. The security was really strict."

Pony is by no means weak, but the terrorist's skills far exceeded her expectations.

"There's a possibility that it changed when it arrived at the venue. Is there anything that catches your eye?"

Pony looked back at the door.

"If there's something that catches my eye, there are too many problems. Everyone was shocked by what happened yesterday. Some people are trying to act brightly, and the opposite is......"

It was a natural thing.

"If the face is replaced, you won't be able to speak. The eyes will be a little dazed."

If the hostage caught by the terrorist was in a normal state, she would have screamed in horror the moment her body changed.

"There is, a person who has been silent since this morning."

"Who is it?"

Pony racked her brains.

"There are three people who haven't said a word based on 9 a.m. Miss Biden, Miss Nam Emond, Miss Yakma."

"Hmm, three people."

"Why don't we compare the heights? Even if the face changes, the body is a terrorist. How far can you distinguish with your eyes?"

"Plus or minus 0.3 centimeters. But the terrorist is hiding his face, so I can't figure out the exact height."

"So we have to find it ourselves. Then how about I call one person at a time?"

Shirone shook her head.

"It's dangerous. The woman being held hostage could get hurt, and if she gets desperate and commits indiscriminate terror......"

"So what are you going to do?"

"Replacing the face is a delicate operation. There must be a hidden piece nearby. Keep an eye on the participants' movements while I find it."

"Okay. I'm going in now. If I delay, I'll be suspected."

As Shirone ran down the hallway, Pony changed her expression and opened the door to the waiting room.

The participants tilted their heads.

"Huh, where's Shirone?"

"I sent her back and told her to wait outside."

"Why? It's really okay to be together."

"Heh, I refuse. I never change clothes in front of a classmate."

As she dodged and changed into a swimsuit, the other participants did not doubt.

'Can I match the time?'

It was 5 minutes before the start of the competition.

'The ability to divide the space within the radius into specific numbers. It must be in the building.'

In Shirone's thought, it was within a radius of 100 meters.

'It would be nice to use quantum superposition.'

Just as you can't not see what you see with your eyes, it was impossible to drop the sense evolved into resonance into the taste.

'Then......'

It was a completely different world, and in Shirone's world, human will could change the future.

'Time Vibration!'

Shirone, who vibrated for a second, searched all the rooms around her during the time when time was repeated.

'No! It's not here either!'

It was an endless second.

When she had looked around the entire building and arrived at the waiting room, the participants had already left for the venue.

'No. It can't be.'

It was one of two.

'It's really not there, or the target is moving too.'

But if the target was moving quickly, it wouldn't have been missed by the Spirit Zone.

'Damn it!'

Eventually, Shirone went outside the building at the sound of cheers from outside the venue.

"......"

Twenty seconds later, the air where Shirone had been hardened into a diamond, taking the shape of a person.

'Diamond Immovable Mind.'

As the powder spread with a thud, Hye-ga, who was holding a hostage in her arms, revealed herself.

'As long as I don't think about anything, I can't feel me in the Spirit Zone.'

The ability to implement phenomenal nothingness.

Although Hye-ga could not move either, there was no way to find him in the state of Diamond Immovable Mind.
[Translated block]


"Master, is this really the right thing to do?"

As a member of the Immortal community, I had no choice but to follow orders, but taking hostages was not the work of a monk.

"What's the point of a path that has lost its purpose?"

The hostage, wearing the face of Mortasinger hidden by the sky, writhed as if to break free from the hypnotic magic.

"Sleep a little more."

When Hye-ga touched her vital point and muttered, the woman's convulsion disappeared like a lie.

"Wow, surprisingly a lot of people came?"

Although it had decreased from yesterday, more than 100 people were filling the front of the audience seats.

Rangi said,

"I heard that the Arachne government dispatched troops especially for the competition. Besides, the swimsuit review is the flower of the competition."

It was not common to have the opportunity to see the swimsuit attire of the most beautiful women in the world.

"Miss Arachne! It's Barho Rangi!"

The audience gathered today was one hundred, and when Rangi walked out, a hot cheer broke out.

"Wow! It's really the best! Rangi!"

Rangi's body, which had been prepared for a year for today, was so beautiful that it seemed unreal.

"Now we will have a question and answer time. What is the reason for participating in the World Beauty Contest?"

"I've been interested in world peace since I was a kid. The marginalized people in this society, and……."

Anyway, since the audience was more open to their eyes than their ears, Rangi also gave a standard answer.

'Pony! How's it going?'

Shirone, who came out to the audience seats, sent a glance to Pony, but she shook her head.

'I don't know. Is he really here?'

The killing intent was real.

"Miss Biden! It's Maroni Adelka!"

Pony gave a slight chin gesture.

'Watch out. She's a strong suspect.'

The cheerful and light-hearted personality, Adelka, who had spoken to Pony at first, had not said a word since the terror.

"You look really cool today. What is Adelka's favorite food? And what is the reason?"

The still dark-faced girl shed tears and opened her mouth.

"I want to... go home."

"Huh? Miss Adelka?"

"I'm so scared. I don't want to die. I'm scared of terror, just send me home."

When the competition official sent a signal to cut it off, the host immediately turned the conversation.

"It seems that Miss Biden was very nervous. Let's bring the next participant."

As Shirone watched Adelka crying and returning to her seat, her mind became complicated.

'It's not Biden. Then?'

The suspect narrowed down to two, and Miss Yakma took the stage.

"Now, let's ask a question……."

Before the host could speak, she brought both hands to her face and set her nails.

'That's her!'

At the same time as the tremendous killing intent sprang up, she scratched her face hard.

"Kyaaaaaa! It hurts! It hurts!"

Miss Yakma, who had come to her senses, screamed when she realized that someone else's face was attached to her body.

The audience jumped up, and the space was messed up as the hidden piece of the rule was activated.

'Now!'

Shirone, who had been waiting in advance, vibrated for 1 second using the explosion sensor.

'I have no choice but to kill!'

The moment Shirone flew her body back to the moment before her face was scratched.

'What……!'

She was faster, and Mortasinger's two hands blew up Miss Yakma's skull.

'Just 1 second?'

He smiled faintly at the face of Mortasinger hidden in Hye-ga's immovable mind.

'Jeez! Again!'

Seeing the result, she returned to 1 second ago, but this time too, Miss Yakma's face was destroyed without fail.

'She scratched it on purpose.'

Knowing that she was vibrating for 1 second, she caused the first event to fill 1 second.

Since the time to recognize was pushed away, no matter how much 1 second vibrates, the event of killing Miss Yakma does not change.

'What are you going to do now? If you can't kill me, then…….'
[Translated block]


"I will kill everyone in the conference hall.

'One life and the life of all. Yahweh, who can't weigh anything. You can't do anything.'

Shirone, who realized the strategy set up by Mortasinger overnight, stopped the time vibration.

"Damn it."

The hideous figure of Mortasinger standing upright with his face blown off was hideous.

"Ah! Save me! It's a terror!"

Pony immediately cast a spell, but the ground and sky were reversed when the hidden piece was activated.

"Save people......!"

Kuuuuuuuuuuuuuung!

When he deactivated his ability in that state, people were buried in the ground and their screams disappeared as if they were cut off.

"Mr. Mortasinger."

Hye-ga revealed herself, and Mortasinger's face, covered with cloth on a faceless body, returned.

"Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!"

When the parrot mercenaries who had escaped from the radius of the regulation meal approached quickly, Boridalma blocked their way.

"Diamond Palm!"

When Boridalma reached out her hand, the air was compressed in the form of a huge palm, stopping the display.

Mortasinger pointed at Shirone.

"How about it, sure? Whether it's Yahweh or whatever, this is what happens when you touch the Shirokai."

"......"

Shirone's eyes were cold.

"I will never forgive you."

"Is that so? As much as you want. But even Yahweh can't bring back the dead. I won!"

"Ataraxia."

A huge halo exploded like thunder, and brilliant information of various colors accumulated.

"Ho ho ho! Kill! But I won! All the pretty things in the world are dead!"

"......Six Senses."

It was a magic that could not predict the result, but Shirone, who was angry, penetrated the magic circle of amplification without hesitation.

"Kuuuuuuu!"

The sense of explosion expanded enormously, paralyzing the only time in the universe that exists.

"Ah ah ah ah ah!"

And it vibrates with time vibration.

'I can stand it!'

The timeline began to flow backwards as it shook with an amplitude of plus or minus 30 minutes.

30 minutes ago.

"Heuk! Heuk!"

At the entrance of the conference hall building, Shirone was panting heavily, leaning on the ground.

'This is it.'

Whether it's a second or an hour, time vibration can be said to be a phenomenon that resets local time zones.

'If you can bounce back to the beginning of time......'

Reset.

It was the exclusive authority of the administrator, which only beings with a sense of ten stages of nothingness could do.

'At most an hour with six senses.'

I still didn't even have a clue how to reset the time perfectly.

'First of all, saving people is the first thing.'

Time is space.

I can't cover all the spaces, but if it's an hour of resonance, I should be able to save the people in the conference hall.

'The culprit is Miss Yakma.'

If you kill the terrorist, you can prevent mass murder, but you can't save the hostages she took.

'One-armed monk was holding it. The ability to see not the target's movement, but the side that does not exist.'

There was still nothing caught in the spirit zone.

'Let's poke it first and see the reaction.'

Shirone, who was relaxed because it was the first round of vibration, approached the door of the waiting room.

"I'm going in."

As soon as Shirone, who knew the door was already open, opened the door roughly and entered, the participants set off fireworks.

"Surprise!"

The sound of popping and the paper powder fluttered, but Shirone didn't even blink.

"Were you surprised? This is the welcome ceremony we prepared! Come in quickly!"

As Shirone followed the hand that grabbed her wrist, she saw Miss Yakma's indifferent face."
[Translated block]