


Acceleration (3)

Jincheon Empire, East Sea.

The place where Seongeum arrived by distorting space was the sky near the coast where white sand was visible.

"Advance! Advance! Don't back down!" The armies of Jincheon and Hell were fighting on the white sand that was shining in the sun.

Their noise was tangled together and pierced the eardrums like white noise, while Si-Rone looked at the sea.

Sea monsters the size of warships were visible in the distant sea.

On the white sand side, monsters with tentacles were dropping soldiers from several meters high.

'It's serious.'

The fact that Seongeum could see from the sky was that it was only a matter of time before the coast was occupied.

The reason why Jincheon had been able to block it so far was one.

It was a tremendous offensive of quantity that was comparable to the army of hell.

"There's a human over there!"

The demons with beaks as long as spears flapped their wings and flew at Seongeum.

'Ether wave!'

As Seongeum refracted space, the scenery became complicated and intertwined, and the beaks of the demons pierced their comrades' bodies.

"Kreeeeee!"

Seongeum, who watched hundreds of demons fall into the sea at the same time, looked back at Si-Rone.

"The army of hell is already coming up by occupying the seven kingdoms of the east on land. If you can't find a way out in this sea, Jincheon will be destroyed."

The value of Jincheon to Si-Rone was equal to that of other countries, but strategically it was more than that.

"I'll fight right away. Let's go to the white sand." Rian grabbed the handle of Daedokdo and prepared to sortie, but Seongeum shook his head.

"No. That's not what I want to ask you. You have something else to do."

Seongeum's eyes shook as he watched the soldiers die.

But soon he made a determined expression and waved his hand to cast an ether wave.

As if a carpet was wrinkled, the scenery was pulled in and quickly replaced by the scenery of Huangcheng Yeomra.

Forests and buildings flowed like rapids, and when they passed through thick walls, they came out with a large hall where bureaucrats were gathered.

"We can't retreat! If we can't recover the coast, they will push in and enter Huangcheng in no time!"

The military men were divided into two groups and arguing.

"Do you mean we should continue this disadvantageous fight? There is a limit to attrition! If we go on like this, we will be annihilated!"

The noisy sound also made it seem like a battlefield.

"This way."

Seongeum walked with Si-Rone and Rian behind him as dragons.

"Your Majesty!"

Jingang, who was listening to the opinions of the military men with his chin clenched, moved his eyes only to look this way.

"Did you come?"

Even though the empire was heading for ruin, there was no anxiety in the emperor's eyes.

'Indeed. He is a different emperor from Uorin.'

Si-Rone preferred to deal with him much more than being scared, so he followed Jincheon's etiquette even though he was a star of Ivory Tower.

"It is an honor to see you."

"You don't have to come out like that. This is the one who needs help."

Si-Rone released his hug and said,

"It's a tough time regardless of country. You must be heartbroken."

"Heartbroken? What?"

Jingang raised his mouth.

"If you fall, you fall."

The noisy hall became quiet in an instant.

The inspector of Jincheon Universe bowed down with his arms stretched out flatly.

"Your Majesty, Jincheon will not fall. We are doing our best to devise a strategy, so it won't be long before the situation turns around."

"Best is nothing but an illusion." Jingang got up from his seat and all his subjects straightened their posture and knelt down.

"Do as much as you can. That's your strongest point. You get weaker when you try to use something that doesn't exist in reality. I always say...

A deep feeling came out of Jingang's eyes.

"Simple things beat complex things."

The military men were lost in thought.

"If you've done everything you can, try hitting it. Then something will happen again. Even if you fall when you fall, don't shiver with fear from now on."
[Translated block]


"Will you hold the honorable name?" As the soldiers bowed, Jinkang carried the burden and came to Shiro. 

"Do you have anything to say?" Shiro shook his head. 

"No. I fully agree with your thoughts. It's efficient to face reality." 

"Is that so?" 

Jinkang smiled bitterly. 

It meant that even the magician of the Ivory Tower saw that the current state of Jinchun was not very good. 

"I have no choice but to rely on you." 

"I'll go to the East Sea. If you overthrow the legion commander, the momentum of the demons will also be broken." 

"No. It's precarious, but Jinchun is not that weak. What you have to do is what Seongeum will tell you." 

When Jinkang looked at Seongeum, she also met her father's eyes with a complicated look. 

"I'm sorry I can't give you much time." 

Seongeum hugged him. 

"I'll go ahead. Preserve your body." 

It sounded like a farewell greeting. 

"That's right. Don't worry about me. And magician of the Ivory Tower, even though the world is in a critical situation... 

It was his last request as a father. 

"Please respect Seongeum's will." 

"What does that mean... 

Before Shiro finished his words, Seongeum cast an ether wave and moved his position. 

When the teleportation pushed out, Seongeum arrived at the palace where he stayed. 

"Have you arrived, miss?" 

Moon Kyung, the captain of Sambo, came out to meet him. 

He had a familiar face from the Ivory Tower test, but for some reason his eyes were swollen as if he had stayed up all night. 

'What's going on?' 

Looking around, the maids around him also looked at Seongeum with sympathetic eyes. 

But the person in question rather pointed to Shiro without any particular expression and said. 

"I have something to talk to my friend. Give me a place to stay." 

"Come this way." 

Moon Kyung followed him from Sambo Street, and other maids also guided Seongeum from their respective positions. 

'Still.' 

Shiro knew about her space phobia. 

Nevertheless, the reason why he could get close to her side was because she allowed him to be in sight. 

Because he was there with her, Moon Kyung couldn't say anything about Shiro either. 

'If he's the one she loves, I can step back no matter what. But it was sad at this point.' 

"Come in." 

When Moon Kyung opened the place to stay, a room with a round table and a bed neatly arranged in a separate building came out. 

It was to Seongeum's taste. 

"Everyone stay out." 

"Yes or no miss, this examiner... Seongeum allowed only Shiro to be in sight.

He couldn't put Lian in a narrow room together.

"It's okay. I allow it."

Seongeum looked back at Lian.

He was surprised by Muwi who defeated Imir's avatar, but now he was much more grown up.

'In short, he is the strongest in the world.'

Is Shiro fighting with this guy by his side?

Anyway, it was a good thing from Jinchun Empire's point of view, so Seongeum gave him some distance.

"0.1 sight."

He couldn't give him the same distance as Shiro.

Lian shrugged his shoulders and entered, and Moon Kyung had nothing more to say.

"I'll wait outside."

In a slightly awkward atmosphere, Shiro and Lian and Seongeum sat around the round table.

"First of all, I'm sorry. I can guess how busy you are as a star of the Ivory Tower."

"It's okay. This is my job. Anyway, what do I have to do here? And why did His Majesty..."

Seongeum looked up at the ceiling and recalled the past.

"Do you remember? When I took you to the Ivory Tower, I asked you how much time you could give me."

"Huh? Time?"

From Shiro's point of view, it was a trivial word that he spat out, so he had to remember for a long time.

"Oh, did I? I said 10 days?"
[Translated block]


"Yeah, 10 days."

Shirone said with an awkward expression.

"But it's a bit difficult right now. I'll keep my promise when the war is over."

"You don't have to. Forget it."

Sungeum was smiling, but he didn't look lively.

"It's a busy time. Even now, countless people of Jinchun are dying. That's why I'm asking you. Regardless of the promise..."

Sungeum looked at Shirone with a desperate look.

"One day. Just give me one day of your time."

Lian groaned and moaned, and Shirone blinked.

'One day?'

She couldn't tell what she was thinking.

"What is all this?"

Habitz and Gustaf 4th, who joined the battlefield, set up barracks 20 kilometers away from the battlefield.

They killed all the humans in the cities at the crossroads according to Balkan's orders, but they had spoils for Smudo.

"Huh. Huhuhuh."

About 2,000 young girls were tied to a rope and lined up in a row.

Zetaro, who was sitting on the ground, tore up the grass and said.

"I'm going to take all the women in the world. Actually, I killed a lot of them because it was annoying to carry them around. I don't know your taste, but anyway, I picked them roughly by my standards."

Natasha gave up counting.

"It would take a long time even if you catch 10 a day. Smudo, don't overdo it. You'll lose your bones."

"Don't worry about it."

Smudo didn't know how to give up.

"That's why humans need tools."

He snatched a machine gun from a soldier and looked at Natasha with a smirk.

"Anyway, you just have to shoot, right?"

Ten arrows per second flew into the crowd.

"Kyaahaaahaa!"

The girls who died.

The screams of horror erupted and people who were tied to ropes and trampled on came out.

"More! More!"

When the arrows ran out, the subordinates brought new crossbows, and the cruel slaughter continued endlessly.

When he shot six hundred arrows, his body was about to break from the recoil.

"Wow, this is really hard. Zetaro, do you want to do it together?"

"Kukuku, why are you so greedy?"

Zetaro, who had crossbows in both hands, started shooting arrows anywhere without caring about the recoil.

"Kyahaha! Kyahaha!"

Behind them, Natasha, who was showing off a beautiful dance, shed blood tears from her eyes.

'Crazy bastards.'

The soldiers seriously wondered if this was really a right given to humans.

'Shouldn't someone stop them?' Balkan was sitting on a horse and looking at the map without any distraction.

Habitz was also sitting on the grass in the corner with his back leaning and drawing pictures on the ground.

"Haa! Haa!"

Finally, when all 2,000 people fell down, Smudo threw away the crossbow with sweat dripping down his face.

"This is really hard."

"Heck! Yeah. Heck!"

Zetaro collapsed with a heavy breath while Smudo looked at Balkan.

"Hey, military man. How many have we killed so far?"

Balkan raised his head and stroked his chin.

"Hmm, well. About 600 million to 700 million?"

"What? 600 million to 700 million?"

Smudo's face turned absurd.

"We've been killing everyone we can find, but it hasn't even halved yet? No, how can there be so many humans?"

Balkan agreed.

"It was a bit slower than expected. There seems to be a good military man in Valkyrie. He's minimizing the damage."

There was no force in humanity that could stop the army of hell, but they were quick to respond in such a situation.

'Who is he?'

Someone who had enough brains to compete with mass destruction weapons.

Balkan's eyes aimed at someone he didn't even know his name yet in the enemy camp.
[Translated block]