


[345] Divine Transcendence (2)

"Form a circle!"

The 40 members of the squad gathered in a circle. In a situation where they could not identify the enemy, the most important thing was not to be divided and conquered.

Kuan finally spotted the enemy.

20 meters away, a dark curtain flickered and then white masks flipped over one by one, revealing their faces.

"What is that?"

The owl-like masked men swirled around a certain point like a whirlwind and then formed a triangular formation.

Swoosh!

30 of them drew their swords at the same time, but the sound was one. They stood in the same posture, aiming at an angle. Seeing them standing there, Kuan recalled some information he had heard during his commander training.

"Could it be..."

The strongest swordsmanship group in the world, Pungjang.

'Why are Pungjang here?'

Pungjang were the imperial knights of Terae, the empress of Kashan. If they appeared, there was only one reason. The leader of the Dark Sect, Cointra, was under Terae's protection.

"What are you plotting, Kashan?"

"When you go to hell..."

Pungjang's trademark group killing technique, Gaksi, was fired.

"You will find out."

"Aaaah!"

A scream came from one of the second platoon members. Kuan felt it too. It was an immense killing intent. Even veterans could not fight against such a level of energy.

"Tsk!"

Kuan kicked the ground and rushed forward. Pungjang scattered like wind and gathered again. Dozens of swords created thousands of afterimages and Kuan's body moved as if ignoring gravity.

'Damn it. How many gravity points do they have?'

Pungjang's skill was truly amazing. They were the ones who implemented fluid dynamics with human bodies. He felt like he was losing his sense of direction and fighting with swords in the middle of zero gravity.

But the ones who were really surprised were Pungjang.

'It's taking too long. How many times did I swing?'

'About 23,000 times.'

There were very few people who could withstand Pungjang's swordsmanship more than 1,000 times. That meant they could shred any being in less than a second.

'How playful is God.'

If this world was 100 percent perfect, all living things would have been happy as water molecules. But nature always creates 0.1 percent of mutants. That 0.1 percent of beings make the remaining 99.9 percent look insignificant.

'A being born by chance... specially chosen.'

That was what Pungjang felt about Kuan.

Skill, technique, body balance, ability to manipulate gravity, creativity to create new routes.

'This man is a genius.'

As he thought that, Pungjang's members spread out like wings. And then they became a strong wind again and coiled around Kuan like snakes.

'We kill geniuses.'

Pungjang's swords eroded all space. They were so fast that they felt like they were coming slowly.

"Uaaaaaa! Charge! Charge!"

At that moment, the platoon members rushed in. As soon as they entered Pungjang's radius, their flesh was shredded like meat stuck in a machine. Kuan escaped from the sword wall almost instinctively.

'These crazy...!'

The oldest man in the platoon, an old man named Kobi, passed by Kuan's side last. He didn't have time to say goodbye, but his smiling eyes conveyed a thousand words instead.

'Survive. Captain.'

Kuan watched as his platoon members were slaughtered in an instant and realized why they had to die.

'I see. At least one person has to get out.'

He had to report Kashan's involvement to the higher-ups. Otherwise, more search party members would fall into Pungjang's trap.

'This is the best option. If someone has to live, I have the highest chance.'

Kuan moved away with the power of gravity and looked at the dark storm that was rushing into him indifferently. The platoon members he had never known or even met eyes with were all gone from this world.

'Why...'

He felt something hot inside him. A huge flame rose from where he thought there was nothing left but ashes.

"Why! Damn it!"
[Translated block]


As Kuan flew away by bursting the external gravity, the scattered wind formations gathered again in a triangular formation 20 meters away.

"You guys... don't think about going back alive."

The wind formations did not answer. Their minds were complicated by the unexpected situation.

'We failed the mission.'

No, they almost failed.

If Kuan had decided to run away, the wind formations would not have been able to catch him. The lives of 40 insignificant people had created an irreversible precedent for the wind formations, the strongest on the ground.

The wind formation at the front slowly raised his hand and took off his mask, and Kuan's brow twitched. The face of a woman with thin eyebrows, almost no eyebrows, and thin eyes under thick eyelids was revealed.

"It's the first time a living person sees the face of a wind formation."

"So what? Do you want me to be moved?"

"Join the wind formations. We will guide you."

It was a shocking proposal for Kuan, who was recognized by the world. Above all, they were direct subordinates of Teraje, the third emperor. If he accepted the offer, he would rise to the highest position that a swordsman could reach.

Kuan finally put away his sword and hung it over his shoulder.

"I refuse."

The woman's head tilted slightly. What swordsman in the world would refuse the offer of a wind formation? He must have lost his sense of reality due to the death of his colleagues.

"It's unfortunate that your subordinates died. But there is a new future waiting for you. Don't bury your talent in the past."

Kuan snorted. No matter how great the wind formations were, there could only be two best under the sky.

"Don't be mistaken. My subordinates just fulfilled their mission as soldiers. The foolish one is the commander who couldn't control his emotions."

"Then why are you refusing?"

Kuan's sword pointed at the woman's brow again.

"I've been curious since before, but aren't you embarrassed? You're claiming to be the strongest while cutting around in groups?"

"...You're stubborn."

The woman put on her owl mask at the same time as 30 wind formations scattered like wind and flew at Kuan.

'Wait. I'll take at least one with me.'

How could he face them in the afterlife if he betrayed his subordinates' expectations and couldn't even make a companion on his way to hell?

Kuan spread out his external gravity in all directions and plunged into the storm of wind formations. The movements created by the masters of external gravity were close to art beyond combat.

'So that's it. The answer was surprisingly simple.'

Kuan jumped over the wall. It was a state that he could overcome because he did not want to live. This time, even the wind formations had to be nervous. The forest of ghosts trembled at the sound of dozens of swords.

'Is a sword such a beautiful thing?'

At the end of ecstasy, Kuan's sword cut through its orbit. The wind formation's neck was separated from his body, and at the same time another person's heart stopped with a blade stuck in it.

'Two people. That's enough for a meal.'

Whooosh!

The flow of wind formations exploded like turbulence as they realized their comrades' deaths. At the same time, killing two people was an extremely rare event throughout the history of wind formations.

Kuan calmly watched their anger swirl in the form of a heat wave. But they didn't kill Kuan. Instead, they cut off his Achilles tendon like fish flesh.

"Ahhhh!"

Kuan screamed. Not because it was painful. Everything that made him up, including his realization a moment ago, disappeared as 30 grams of flesh fell off.

The nickname of magician of battlefield came from his amazing swordsmanship skills that always took his opponent's neck wherever he went, but it was possible because it was backed by genius agility and mobility.

Without Achilles tendon, there is no genius. He was no longer a magician of battlefield.

"Krrrrr...!"

Kuan couldn't get up. He couldn't get up. Still, he reached out and crawled up the hillside. He heard the sound of wind formations circling around him. The voices of 28 people spitting out one syllable each were something he could never forget in his lifetime.
[Translated block]


```
- It has become a mere relic.

Kuan continued to crawl. He was not afraid of death because he had lost everything. But he couldn't give up his life and abandon the 40 members.

- Struggle like a worm.

"Ugh! Shut up!"

- Bark like a dog.

"Kill! Kill them!"

- Confess to your master. That Pungjang saved you. Wag your tail and shout it out.

As Pungjang's wind grew stronger, the sound of flames burning was heard. To Kuan, it was as if the world was burning.

He buried his face in the ground and clenched his fists. He couldn't bear it any longer. He couldn't stop the faith he had devoted his life to from falling into the abyss.

"Uaaaaaaa!"

Kuan's scream echoed in the Ghost Forest where Pungjang had disappeared.

"......"

Kuan opened his eyes. His face was still indifferent, but there was cold sweat on his forehead.

"Damn it."

He couldn't move a finger as if he was pinned by scissors. It was always like that after dreaming of Pungjang. He had to be stiff like a corpse for 10 minutes. Just like the day 10 years ago when his Achilles tendon was cut off.

Kuan, who had escaped from the Ghost Forest, lost consciousness as soon as he returned and was urgently sent to Torumia.

He reported that Teraze was supporting the Dark Order, but as expected, it did not affect the situation.

The search battalion surrounded the mountains for about a month and continued a futile local war before disbanding.

There seemed to be some kind of agreement with the Kashan Empire, but from there on, it was a matter of politicians and Kuan had no business interfering.

Kuan could not become a hero. The incident that day disappeared into the back alley of history without even mentioning Pungjang's name.

The army offered him a position as a cavalry battalion commander. It was a two-rank promotion, but he knew it was for silencing him.

Kuan chose to retire. His mind was already destroyed to the point where he could no longer hold a sword.

He lived like a recluse for a while. He couldn't dream of suicide when he thought of his members, and he had no reliable allies either.

Then one day, he became a teacher at Kaizen Swordsmanship School at the suggestion of his only friend, Kiyora Ellis.

'Now it's moving.'

Kuan got out of bed and limped to the window with his right leg. He pulled back the curtain and the morning sun shone on the old desk.

Numerous papers were scattered around.

'A Psychoanalytic View on Mental Transcendence Phenomenon', 'Hwashin Technique', 'The Correlation between Will and Phenomenon' etc. The titles were different but the topics were similar.

On the corner of the desk, there were sticky notes with his own thoughts written on them.

Kuan looked down at them with dry eyes and swept them all away with his hand.

He collected all the materials on mental transcendence, but he still couldn't reach it. Let's say that he moves his body with the power of will. But what exactly is will? He still limps on his leg. No matter how hard he tries to walk properly, it doesn't work if it doesn't work.

'Ogent Lian.'

Who could have expected?

That a boy who had no talent to speak of would do what Kuan, a genius recognized by the world, could not do.

'I hope I don't just become a fool.'

Kuan shook his head. He knew it in fact. That his sword was already broken. That the god of sword also turned away from him when his Achilles tendon fell off.

'Another year is over.'

Today was the last day of the second half of Swordsmanship School. The evaluation subject for his students was wrestling, among which he specialized in wrestling.

Even if Lian could use mental transcendence, he wouldn't be able to withstand the enhanced strength of schema users.

Maybe today would be another miserable day for him, but on the other hand, he was curious about his progress for half a year.

* * *

Tes entered the dressing room with other female students in her group.

Wrestling was an evaluation item that required close contact with the body, but since there was no distinction between men and women in Swordsmanship School, everyone had to take off their tops when evaluating.
```
[Translated block]


However, women were allowed to wear tank tops.

Tes was having trouble wearing a tank top. She had a large frame and a good volume, so she had to squeeze her chest almost as if she was stuffing it in
[Translated block]