


```
[212] 5. The Angel's Magic Formula (2)

"You said his name was Gepin. The same Gepin who created the door of Gepin, right? Why did Miro call out his name at the last moment?"

Ikael blinked his eyes in surprise.

He didn't expect Sirone to hear that voice. But he soon explained calmly.

"Gepin was the first gatekeeper who protected your world from the heavenly army. Miro is, well... you could say she's his successor."

"What? Miro wasn't the first one?"

"The situations they faced were different, but yes, for now. Mackline Gepin, he was one of the most outstanding humans in your world. No, he was better than any Nephilim. That's why he separated humans from God."

"Then where is he now?"

Ikael shook his head.

"He left for a place I can't see. Leaving behind his successor, Miro."

"But that means..."

"Yes. She has to play the role of a barrier in a place where time doesn't flow forever. Otherwise, Sirone's world will be destroyed."

Sirone's lips trembled. He vividly remembered Miro's face when he last saw her.

How did she feel, facing a hopeless solitude isolated from the world?

He had a scary thought at that moment.

He recalled the conversations he had with the principal.

At that time, Alpheus looked sad. No, sometimes he made a scary expression like an angry person.

What if Miro didn't choose that path herself?

What if she was isolated by someone else's coercion?

Sirone felt a chill as he thought that far.

This was not something he could call a crime. It was a decision that sent a human being to eternal hell.

"How long does Miro have to..."

"Even now, the heavenly army is preparing for the final war. Maybe it won't take long. Because the coordinates are recorded on the metagate that Sirone's group brought."

Sirone's mind went blank.

Miro used scale magic to block the door of heaven. But the metagate was like opening a new gate to heaven.

"Surely... that can't be..."

"No. It's possible. With the metagate, they can easily enter Miro's space-time by bypassing it with heaven's technology."

Sirone felt like his spirit was collapsing.

This was not a matter of life and death for them. It was a matter of human extinction.

He couldn't believe it was true. What have we done?

"That's why I want to help you. Sirone's friends are captured in the Great World War. Kariel will implant Nephilim information into the girls' bodies."

"Why? You said they were preparing for the final war! What does Nephilim have to do with this?"

"The situation has changed. Miro is not a Nephilim. Yet she opened an immortal function by herself. That's very rare, but it's happening quite often in Sirone's world."

That was why he was confused when he heard the word Nephilim at Nor's shelter. There were too many Unrockers for them to be descendants of angels.

"That means Sirone's world has strayed from Ra's will. Gepin bought time for humans to understand the essence of the world. And now that will has been passed on to Miro. Of course, the time she defended is meager compared to Gepin. But in terms of growth rate, it's not negligible."

Sirone agreed with that.

The development of magic was definitely faster. There were analyses that said that the achievements of the last 100 years were less than those of the recent 10 years.

"So this time, humans won't go down easily."

"Right. Although they are few, the rulers of the human world must also know about heaven's existence. They must be preparing in some way or another. Right now, they need more Nephilim, even if it's one more."
```
[Translated block]


```
Shirone shivered. He had injected angelic information into a human body to destroy humanity.

He couldn't bear the thought of Amy giving birth to someone for that reason.

"Why did you stand by? You're an archangel, you could have asked him to stop, right?"

Ikael looked at Shirone with sad eyes.

"Ah..."

That's how it was. Why did Miro hate Ikael? Because she was an angel who commanded the heavenly army. Ikael was also once a being who inflicted punishment on humans as an angel lord.

"Yes, I'm an angel. If the final war breaks out... I'll have no choice but to fight against humans."

Shirone felt like all the strength in his body was drained.

Was this how it ended up? He had to watch his friends suffer without getting any help from heaven?

"If... it was before I met Gepin."

Ikael smiled with his eyes and stuck out his tongue.

"Don't worry, Shirone. I want to help you. Humans have infinite potential unlike angels. I think the final war should never happen."

Shirone made a blank expression and then realized the weight of his words.

If an archangel who had risen to the rank of angel lord sided with humans, there would be hope even if the final war broke out.

He said it was before he met Gepin. Shirone couldn't ask what sin he had committed, but he guessed it had something to do with that person.

"But you can't relax. I'm a sealed body. And I can't even leave the room, so even if I say I'll help Shirone, I can't give you any direct help."

"But... I can't beat an angel with my power."

"That's right. Angels are strong. And if it's Kariel, he's a powerful archangel that I couldn't dare to face even before I lost my power."

"Then what do we do now?"

He didn't say this just to kill his spirit. Shirone hoped for a glimmer of hope and waited for a solution from him.

"There is one way. The possibility of saving your friends will increase a little."

"Really? What is it?"

"It's the angel's magic circle. You use it, Shirone."

"So... you mean the halo?"

"That's right. Angels activate their abilities by accumulating information in the light wheel. If you learn that, you can create one chance at a decisive moment."

Shirone recalled what happened in Shamaen. He still felt the pressure when Ikasa spread his light wheel.

But was he telling him to use it himself?

He didn't think it was possible. Humans don't have over spirits.

How can he make a magic circle without a holy body to engrave information?

"Of course it won't be easy. You have to overcome three obstacles at least if you want to use the angel's magic circle."

Ikael said, spreading three fingers.

"First, making a holy body. The human mind is inside the body, but there is a special way to take it out. Can you do it?"

Shirone nodded. The concept that Ikael mentioned was the detachment type of Sabaongik.

It seemed that he could imitate the angel's over spirit to some extent if he used the detachment type.

"The problem starts from now on. Even if you make a holy body, spreading the light wheel is different. You have to draw a perfect circle. If the circle is distorted even a little, the speed of light calculation will slow down significantly, and if it slows down by 0.1 percent, the angel's ability will be impossible to implement."

Humans can't draw a perfect circle. But in the realm of mind, it's not impossible. It's important to grasp the mathematical concept of a circle.

It wasn't easy, but it was a gate that had to be passed.

"That's the first obstacle. The second is more serious. The angel's ability comes from the enormous amount of information accumulated in the halo. To put it in terms of formulas, it's an amount that humans can't record even in their lifetime. That's what halo is, calculating at the speed of light."
```
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone recalled the scene where Ikael caused the Galiant volcano to erupt. The ability to increase the volcanic activity by 20,000 times and make it explode was beyond human category.

"Even if you can make a perfect circle, what about the formula? Humans can't calculate such enormous information in an instant to make a volcano erupt."

"But there is insight. I'm going to try something here. I'm going to mentally bond with you. I'm going to use Halo as Shirone. Then that experience will be converted into Shirone's experience and remain in your mind."

"That, that method is......"

Ikael's eyes became fierce.

"Don't call it a method. It's nothing but extreme violence that can be done to humans. If you're not careful, Shirone's mind will break. And my mind, which is fused with Shirone, will not be safe either."

Shirone felt nauseous. She didn't care if her mind was destroyed for the sake of her friends. She had staked her life from the beginning. But if Ikael was also in danger, it was something she couldn't decide rashly.

"Even if I fail......"

"Shirone, don't think otherwise. I said I would help you. Don't worry about me, just think about saving your friends now."

Shirone calmed her mind with deep breaths. She had no choice but to do as she said.

"What's the third obstacle?"

"Even if the magic circle formula is completed, whether you can withstand it or not is another problem. If you don't have mental endurance to back it up, Shirone will be doomed. Of course, this is separate from my risk. But if you can't withstand it, it's better not to try this in the first place."

"Don't worry about that. I'll definitely withstand it."

She was confident about the last gate. Her mind had shown strength in endurance since she entered the magic school.

Besides, she had reached the state of indestructibility, so she thought she could withstand it to some extent.

"You don't understand. I know that Shirone has a mind that never collapses. But that alone may not be enough."

"Never collapses but can collapse? That sounds contradictory."

"No. The former and the latter are different levels of concept. If your mind is a container, your current endurance is enough. But the concept of an angel born in a higher dimension is different in quality. A container that can hold water may not be enough, but if that water freezes, any container will break."

"I see."

It was mountain after mountain. There was not a single one of the three obstacles she proposed that could be easily overcome.

No, maybe this was normal.

It was a human learning the magic circle of an archangel, so it was better to accept this level of risk from the beginning.

"Halo will explode Shirone's mind from within. The choice is up to Shirone. If you still want to try knowing this risk, I will help you."

For an angel, the collapse of the mind was equivalent to the extinction of life.

If Ikael was willing to risk everything to help her, Shirone had no reason to refuse.

She did it for her friends, but also for the opportunity to learn the true intention of the archangel, which would never come again.

"I'll try it. No, please do it. I'll accept whatever happens."

"Okay. The magic I'm going to perform on Shirone from now on is called possession. It's controlling a human by bonding with their mind. It's usually used by dispatched angels to convey Ra's will."

Shirone had read about possession through various documents. She was skeptical at the time, but now that the archangel himself said it through his mouth, there was no doubt.

"If possession succeeds, my and Shirone's minds will merge. If I have an evil intention, harming Shirone is easy. And if Shirone loses her purity, that evil will seep into me."

It was a warning that something irreversible could happen if they didn't watch out for each other.
```
[Translated block]


```
Shirone nodded obediently again. It was because Ikael did not have a malicious intention.

He was also not a weak angel who could not control himself after losing his purity.
```
[Translated block]