


[266] Kingdom of Kazra (3)

"Are you really going? I'm fine, really."

Shirone didn't like Amy being distracted by other things when she had her graduation exam ahead.

No matter how she was the top candidate for graduation, anything could happen in the competition. If she failed, he would feel responsible too.

Of course, Amy would never think that way, but as someone who wished for her success, he wanted to dissuade her.

"It's important to you. Reyna will be busy with the royal procedures, so she needs someone to escort her. Why, don't you like me going?"

If Amy joined him, there was nothing more reassuring for Shirone.

She was an absolute ally in terms of ability, as she had shown when they went to Galliant Island.

"No, of course I like it, but......"

"Then it's settled. That's it. I owe you something, so I have to pay you back at times like this."

Shirone couldn't remember what Amy owed him, but in Amy's mind, there were countless things that flashed by.

He was the one who saved her from the cliff when Arcane attacked, and if it wasn't for him, she wouldn't have come back safely when she was caught by Kariel in heaven.

When Amy stubbornly held her ground, Reyna sighed in resignation and gave instructions to the coachman.

"Let's go."

Of course, excluding emotions, Amy's joining was not a loss at all. It was much better to have a friend to help Shirone by his side. It was just that he felt like he was being pushed back from the start.

Reyna leaned her chin toward the window and pursed her lips.

She seemed to see Amy's smile in her eyes.

@

The carriage was heading to the Thorn Mine, located in the middle of Origin Mountain Range where Shirone's house was. Reyna told him about the general situation on the way.

Tormia, Kazra, Yakma were one unified country. But as the nobles gained power, factional fights broke out, and they eventually split and formed a three-country alliance.

"In some sense, you could say they are new countries. Kazra hasn't been independent for even 100 years. Especially Yakma Republic didn't recognize Kazra's separation until recently. There was no war, but it almost happened. That was 18 years ago. In other words, when Kazra's domestic situation became unstable, they smuggled out Shirone, the first prince."

Shirone felt a little comforted by the fact that they didn't hate him and abandon him. It was a matter of the rise and fall of the kingdom, so there must have been some unavoidable parts.

Of course, that didn't mean that his resentment disappeared. He was just trying to ignore the emotions that welled up because everything was not certain yet.

"I've heard about it too. It almost went to civil war. Yakma also finished preparing for war. But......"

Amy cut off her words. It was not something she could say in front of Shirone.

It was the same for Reyna, but as the leader of the escort, she couldn't avoid it.

"That's right. King Orcamp IV of Kazra married Empress Therese of Kashan Empire and ended all civil strife."

Shirone knew what kind of event it was because he had devoured history books. He just didn't know it would be his own affair.

Kashan Empire was the absolute powerhouse of the continent that occupied one-third of human territory.

And the emperor of Kashan Empire had been female for generations.

Empress Therese of Kashan Empire was so beautiful that no man could resist her.

On the other hand, she was also a cold-blooded person who would not hesitate to sacrifice anything for victory.

Such a woman proposed marriage to Orcamp, the king of Kazra.

"Orcamp IV had no choice. His country was doomed. Besides, if he accepted Therese, he would have a great connection. In fact, after marrying Therese, Kazra's politics stabilized rapidly and its finances became stronger."

It was an unprecedented event that was detailed in history books.
[Translated block]
**

Oh, please don't say that. It's not your son's fault at all. He's a wonderful person and I'm sure he'll make a great prince. I'm so happy for him and for you.😊

You must be very proud of him, right? He's smart, kind, brave and handsome. He has many friends at school and he's always helping others.

He's also very talented in magic. He can use all four elements and he's good at both offensive and defensive spells. He even taught me some tricks that I didn't know before.

He's the best friend I ever had and I'm going to miss him a lot when he leaves.😢

But I know he has a duty to fulfill and I respect that. I hope he'll be happy in his new home and that he'll always remember me.

I also hope that you'll stay in touch with me and let me know how he's doing. I care about him very much and I want him to be safe and healthy.

Can you promise me that?🙏
[Translated block]
Reyna smiled sadly. She looked at Vincent and Olina's faces and it was clear that they had not slept a wink all night.

Temuran must have explained it several times, but it was not something that they could feel as reality.

How could they understand the situation where the child they had raised as their own for 18 years, who had been abandoned in the stable, suddenly had his biological parents appear?

And they were the king and queen of another country.

It was a good thing for Sirona, but how could they not feel sad as human beings?

And they couldn't even sue the king for paternity, so they had no choice but to give up their child.

"Don't worry too much. It's not certain yet, and even if his biological parents are confirmed, Sirona won't waver. He did the same in the Ogent family."

Vincent, who felt like his true feelings were exposed, waved his hand in embarrassment.

"Worry? No way! It's a really good thing for Sirona. But thank you for your concern."

At that moment, Amy's confident voice came from the carriage.

"Hello!"

Everyone's attention focused on her and Amy's face turned red. She had seen Reyna and her parents talking and felt impatient, so she had interrupted at a strange timing.

"Who are you...?"

Olina showed interest with sparkling eyes. It was the first time Sirona brought a girl of his age.

She had a pretty face and no lies in her eyes. She was a good girl.

"Oh, yes. I'm Carmis Amy, Sirona's friend. I'm going to Kazra with him. Nice to meet you."

Amy bowed her head without knowing it. Her confidence that she could stay calm in any situation had shattered.

Of course, it was only Amy's thought and Vincent and Olina smiled warmly and whispered that she was a nice girl.

Sirona was still silent. To be honest, he didn't know how to face his parents.

He could firmly refuse to go into someone's family as an adopted child in the Ogent family, but this time it was his biological parents.

And it was a situation where he had no choice because they were royalty, so he felt like he was sinning against them.

Vincent, who had guessed his son's feelings in advance, approached him.

"Are you okay, Sirona? You must have been surprised."

"I'm fine. Father... I'm sorry."

"Haha! What are you sorry for? I'll be happy if you don't make any mistakes when you go to the palace. I taught you a lot from Temuran, but this is originally difficult."

Sirona forced a smile.

"Me too. But don't worry. Amy is with me, so I'll be fine."

Amy took this opportunity and pointed at herself with her thumb.

"That's right! I'll take care of him, so you don't have to worry."

Olina smiled and said.

"Thank you. I remember your name now. I heard you helped Sirona a lot."

Amy felt a little proud. As she relaxed, her lips moved as she wanted.

"I also got a lot of help from Sirona. Please treat me comfortably."

Reyna clapped her hands and changed the attention.

It was good to keep the good atmosphere going, but now they really had no time to waste.

They had to run hard from now on to reach the border before midnight.

"Okay, okay. Let's go now. Butler, please wait at the mansion. Tell Louis to be ready to move as soon as he hears from us."

"Yes, sir. Please be careful."

The carriage carrying Sirona and his party left for Kazra.

@

It was a forced march.

If you stay in a rattling carriage for more than six hours, your whole body will ache. They ran for an hour and rested for five minutes, so there was no time to soothe their sore backs.

But no one complained.

As the border approached, the pain gradually disappeared and tension filled them.

It was an amazing adventure for Sirona.

After hearing about the complicated situation of Kazra's royal family, he couldn't relax even if there was an escort waiting for him. If Teraze was a little hasty in making a decision, he could send an assassination squad.

**How do you feel about this story? Do you like it?**
[Translated block]