


[626] Magic of Banya (3)

The audience could not confirm anything as the white glow swallowed the scenery of the Colosseum.

Only the analysts connected to the main system were looking at the battlefield through the code.

"That's Ataraxia."

It was a wide-range ejection magic that was as symbolic of Shirone as it was introduced in the Spirit magazine.

"What's the shock amount?"

"Approximately 18 million crashes."

Although it was a figure seven times higher than the photon cannon of the Ataraxia meatball system, it was no longer a situation to be surprised at the numbers.

The flash disappeared and the audience's pupils were busy moving to examine the huge battlefield of the Colosseum.

"It's ambiguous."

Most of the participants were gathered at the end of the Colosseum, and only Eden was spreading the absolute barrier in the center.

"Huh!"

She had blocked Ataraxia's photon cannon in the scramble royal, but there was no push judgment in this round.

"It went in straight."

Although she succeeded in splitting the high-output mass wave with her own body as a blade, the shock was not at a level she could withstand.

"Check the parameters."

"The mental strength value has dropped to 2 percent. It was close. It's a pity for Shirone."

"No. I think I knew."

As Baikal's words ended, Shirone advanced and cast a photon cannon.

'No one is weak.'

She does not obsess over fighting the whole, but only puts all her energy into defeating the enemy in front of her.

'I will make Eden leave first!'

That was the only way to step up step by step to the top of the pyramid.

"Huh!"

When Eden, who spread the local defense barrier, tilted the angle, the flash of the photon cannon bounced off diagonally.

"It's a good choice. Lowering the slope has the same effect as increasing the thickness of the barrier."

'Then...!'

Looking at the participants rushing from the back of Eden, Shirone compressed the photon cannon in her right hand.

"Yaaaaa!"

The sphere of light, which vibrated to the point of exceeding the realm of vibration, stretched out through the magical action.

"Projectile speed 400 meters per sec!"

When the photon cannon, which flew at a speed exceeding the speed of sound, hit the barrier again, Eden's head rang.

"Kuk!"

If you collide at this speed, no matter how much you tilt the slope, the shock amount is not dispersed and concentrated on the point.

"Eden! Attack!"

When Shirone, who cast teleportation, jumped into her arms and cast a photon cannon, Eden spread both arms.

"You lost, Shirone."

A powerful shock hit the brain, and a red light came on in Eden's bracelet, where the spirit zone disappeared.

-Participant number 25. Exited from the two thousand system.

Shirone's voice was heard in Eden's ear, leaning all her weight on Shirone's shoulder and falling.

"You worked hard."

Her eyes slowly closed.

"Thank you."

Eden, a devout believer in the Yor religion, was bound to be recorded as not using violence until the last moment.

"Get rid of it now! There's no second time!"

If Shirone opens Ataraxia again, there would have been a large number of dropouts this time.

Shirone kicked the ground and moved towards the participants running from the end of the Colosseum.

Eden, who lost consciousness, fell to the ground, and a ray of light arrived at the center of the 26 people.

"I'll try until the end!"

When Boyle cast a superior, a chaos with blue skin holding blue electricity revealed its appearance.

"Oh?"

There were many thorns along the spine, and instead of a tube-like tongue inside the jaw, there was a hole like a barrel.

"There seems to be a functional change. It's Mongsa夢思."

Mongsa, which changes the shape of the creature to change its function, boasted an extremely high difficulty level among the superiors.

"It's the first time I've seen it in a graduation exam."

Boyle's choice to train Mongsa instead of raising the tier was only for passing the graduation exam.
[Translated block]


"Go! Chaos!"

Kwaaaaa!

As Chaos, spewing blue electricity, swung his claws, Shiro-ne created distance with teleportation.

"Now!"

At that spot, Closer's illusion exploded and Sabina's wind cutter flew in.

Following that, Fire Strike, Ice Wave, and 36 types of standard magic enhanced by Suabi's buff were poured out all at once.

'Damn, it's a wide-area attack!'

The moment he warped space-time and escaped the radius, Screamer's back kick, riding on a flash of light, hit his abdomen.

"Kuk!"

With an explosion of air, Shiro-ne's body was thrown.

"It went in properly!"

Screamer's specialty was not magic but physical attacks, so once it hit, it could instantly kill any magician.

"An increase in atmospheric pressure has been detected. It's an air shield."

He managed to avoid death by compressing air in his abdomen, but he was in a situation where he was pushed to the defensive, even using magic that wasn't his specialty.

"Damn! What a waste!"

As Screamer vented his anger, Konger pulled out dozens of steel wires from between his palms and charged.

'Shiro-ne. You're quite cute.'

Konger, despite his appearance, was feminine, but his magic was the epitome of brutality, just like a steel magician.

"Fence of Death."

As he spread his arms to the left and right, the wires shot out like water streams and rushed towards Shiro-ne.

If caught in the steel wire with sharp thorns every 10 centimeters, one would be torn apart without a chance to resist.

"Hup!"

Shiro-ne, who had his waist pulled, let the steel wire pass by his abdomen.

"He dodged......!"

'You can't avoid my love that easily.'

The steel wires twisted like burning hair and passed by, cutting Shiro-ne's arms and legs.

As the mental shock hit his brain, Arin cast Shadow of Capture and restrained Shiro-ne's body.

"Canis! Now!"

'Darkness Authority.'

The saw-shaped darkness extending from Canis's shadow aimed at Shiro-ne's neck and flew in.

"Kuuuuu!"

Shiro-ne, who was hit by the Darkness Authority, cast Rampage without a chance to dodge.

Puff puff puff puff puff bang!

The Darkness Authority fluttered like burnt paper, but a sneer was on Canis's lips.

"I knew it would be like that."

Reversal of Light and Darkness.

The shadow outside the curtain of light swelled like a balloon and instantly penetrated the rampage.

'He penetrated the light?'

Shiro-ne, who was hit by the Darkness Authority, was buried in the shadow and pushed to the end of the Colosseum.

'It's a shame if you're surprised at that. It's a technique I prepared just to defeat you.'

"Is it still not working......"

As Shiro-ne was pushed back, sighs of regret leaked out one by one from the audience.

"Who's to blame? It's self-inflicted."

Baikal, as a scout, still insisted on a cool judgment, although his emotions were the same as the audience's.

"It was the only choice. I admit that. But now you have to admit that it's impossible."

Elizabeth reported.

"The percentage has dropped to 7%. If he doesn't get time to recover, he'll be disqualified."

"Let's go!"

Kaden, who had tempered his cross sword, took the lead, and the other participants followed, equipping their magic.

"What are you going to do now, number 27? If you can't show anything more here, your graduation exam is over."

"Hoo!"

As Shiro-ne expanded his spirit zone with a sigh, the eyes of the rushing participants opened wide at the same time.

"What?"

Elizabeth read the change in the main system.

"It's slow magic."

The magic that slows down time using the acceleration of light is certainly amazing, but for a magician, photonization is the basics of the basics.

"Hmph! In the end, all that's left is a trick!"

As soon as they equipped the full charge of photonization, the slowed time returned to its original state in an instant.

'Shiro-ne, slow is not for use at this time.'
[Translated block]


If it wasn't for piercing the gap with an instant magic circle like Dante, it was a tactic that would only work on a stupid bandit gang.

"Huh?"

Suddenly, the slow was released.

At the same time as the participants felt strange, the analysts in the VIP seats felt a headache and frowned.

"Ugh!"

Baikal, who heard Elizabeth's groan, said.

"It seems you're not adapting."

The error caused by the slow explosion was a direct hit to the analyst's brain.

"That's true, but this one is a bit different."

"Different?"

"It's not time."

Elizabeth couldn't find the words to explain for a while.

"Space exists at the same time.

Slow explosion-force dimension (4-dimensional battle space).

"What is this?"

The participants who were rushing towards Shiron were lost and hurriedly stopped their steps.

12 Shirones were standing in different poses with photon cannons on their hands.

"Illusion magic?"

Starting with the first Shiron shooting a flash, photon cannons flew in from all sides.

"Damn it!"

Among those who threw their bodies, Kaiden bounced off the light with a cross sword and collided with the powerful force of Dante's instant magic circle.

"Kuk!"

Just by looking at the expressions of those who defended, the participants could guess what was happening here.

"It's not an illusion."

All 12 Shirones were real.

"Is it possible?"

Elizabeth couldn't answer Baikal's question.

"It's not a matter for a mere analyst to suggest. However, judging by the numbers, it is presumed that the 27th time distortion ability is implemented through spatial coordinates."

The only person who could give a clear answer was Miro, who first detected the ability of the slow explosion.

'Time and space are originally one system.'

When the slow explosion is activated, many possibilities including the future of the past are implemented as golden filaments.

'If you add another dimension using the time nature of slow magic in that state...'

Things that only existed as possibilities appear in a state overlapped with the coordinates of reality.

In other words, it dominates the 4-dimensional space, which was the same mechanism as when Geopin created the upper layer of Istas.

While the time nature of slow magic was consumed to maintain the force dimension, time flowed normally, but now the problem was space.

"Damn! Where is this!"

The pressure when 26 people pushed 1 Shiron was completely lost in front of the reality of having to face 12 Shirones.

'I can fight more like this.'

The efficiency of the force dimension depends on the level of slow magic, and the area of the 4-dimensional battle space currently dominated by Shiron reached a sphere with a diameter of 20 meters.

It's a number that can be said to be large or small, but everyone knew that fighting in this area was suicidal.

"Everyone get out of here!"

While all the participants retreated towards the outskirts of the force dimension, 12 Shirones blinked their eyes to find a target.

"The tide has turned!"

In the situation of retreating after having victory in front of them, even Baikal lost his words this time.

"The divine technique is not a measure of strength, but a measure of realm. So it's not something you can see the effect right away, but..."

Miro, who was chasing Shiron's line of sight, said.

"There's an advantage that you can graft it onto all magic."

'Now!'

Shiron gritted his teeth and cast a photon cannon.

4-dimensional combat formula-quantum superposition (quantum overlap).

Then, 12 Shirones, who were overlapping in reality in space, simultaneously shot flashes towards Boyle.

"Cough!"

When the concentrated shock from all sides hit his back, a huge shock came in and Boyle's body spread on the ground.

-Participant number 17. Exited from the two thousand system.

The participants who barely escaped from the force dimension blankly stared at the fallen Boyle.

Even in such a situation, 12 Shirones were staring at all the participants in the 4-dimensional battle space.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]