


[302] Secret of the Abyss (3)

Armin, who was looking outside the door, urged her.

"There's no time. If you're going to do something, do it now."

Amy clenched her teeth and closed her eyes.

There was no way. She couldn't just go down to level 1 without doing anything.

'If it was Siro, ... Siro would be able to do it.'

Amy opened the last page and moved the pen.

Siro.

This was the best she could do.

If she couldn't find a way to save him, she had no choice but to change his stream of consciousness at least.

At that moment, Reyna shouted from the living room.

"Amy!"

Amy put down the pen and ran to the living room with Armin.

A man in armor with a mixture of biological and metallic properties was rushing towards Siro.

"Zion!"

Fire burned in Amy's eyes.

She didn't see Arius, the only way out of here, but she felt rather good. Zion was the person she wanted to beat the most right now.

Reyna pulled Siro away at the last moment, and Zion's blade cut through the sofa.

Amy threw a fireball that was twice as big as usual, enhanced by her boiling anger. The huge flame flew towards Zion and exploded near him.

Zion flew back and hit the wall. But he minimized the damage by grabbing the wall with his tentacles just before the collision.

As Reyna moved away with Siro, Armin and Amy blocked him at the same time.

"It's a pincer attack."

Armin's spirit zone expanded to cover the entire cabin when it was at its maximum.

He wasn't clumsy enough to miss Zion's presence if he was an assassin with equalizing skills.

'He was hiding in level 1. So Arius has already gone down?'

Just as Armin's group had to stay in level 2 to save Siro in reality, Arius also needed time to extract Ataraxia. That's why he sent Zion to buy time.

"Do you want it that badly?"

As Armin stepped back towards Siro, Reyna understood and stepped forward.

She couldn't inflict any shock on the diamond armor with flicker magic and weak magic.

"Amy, you know what to do?"

"Yes."

The two remembered what they had done in the food storage and moved away from each other.

They planned to take advantage of Zion's weakness in handling angles.

"Hmph! You won't fool me twice."

Zion sent his tentacles to both sides to block their dispersion in advance. And he flew towards Reyna using the tension of his tentacles stuck on the wall.

Reyna rolled on the floor and shot an arrow at him at the last moment.

The arrow hit his armor heavily and lifted Zion's body into the air.

Amy swung her target-shaped spirit zone and fired fire strikes in succession.

Every time a flame spear grazed him, Armand's organic matter burned crisply.

"You insolent bitch!"

Zion spun like a trick in mid-air and kicked off the wall towards Amy.

Eight tentacles stuck on the wall transmitted their force at once, giving him a speed like a gale.

Amy twisted her body after confirming only his afterimage.

Zion crashed into the floor with a thud and rotated with his knee as a pivot, swinging his blade.

A silver flash passed by and Amy's collar was cut off, revealing her clavicle and upper chest.

A red bloodstain floated on her transparent skin like milk. It was a position where the artery would have been cut if it had been cut deeper.

"You bastard..."

"Ha ha! You're a perfect whore for a tavern
[Translated block]


```text
His long arms like a monkey were perfect forms of swords, and his knees bent backwards stored tremendous kinetic energy.

Even his feet were shaped like skate blades in a crescent shape.

"Shiooooooooo!"

Zion backed away with a disgusted expression at the sharp scream that made his teeth ache.

The killer instinct compressed his reverse joints and bounced off, disappearing without a trace.

Then he didn't rush forward.

But he couldn't even guess the trajectory, so Zion's pupils remained the same.

&nbsp;-Warning. Motion recognition impossible. Nervous system paralysis. Automatic defense posture conversion.

As the warning voice was delivered at the speed of thought, Zion's cloak wrapped around his master. At the same time, tentacles stretched out in all directions and counterattacked the invisible being.

But the egoist's killer instinct avoided even that and crossed his hands and struck Zion.

As the shadow of the blade passed at the speed of sound, the surface of the cloak hardened rapidly and left a clear X-shaped scar.

Boom! The sonic boom exploded belatedly.

"Keeeee!"

Zion flew away from the shock wave and rolled on the floor, and the cloak unfolded.

Zion stopped rolling by slamming the blade of his gauntlet into the floor and looked up at the egoist standing upright.

&nbsp;-Motion detection. Nervous system relaxation. Automatic defense posture release.

Armand immediately took up a combat stance, but Zion had already lost his will to fight.

Was there any need to risk his life for a huge sum of 4 billion?

Anyway, he filled the time Arius asked for.

Armand activated the mobility system as he read the user's emotions, and Zion moved like a wind and disappeared from Shiro's party's sight.

Amy and Reyna gave up chasing and looked after Shiro.

His appearance lying in Arius' arms was so transparent that objects passed through him.

"Shiro! What happened?"

Armin explained instead.

"He manifested an egoist with his last strength. He can't move anymore."

"Oh, Mr. Armin, run away."

"No. We can't get out anyway if we don't catch Arius. Show me the way down. It will be a great disaster if Ataraxia is excavated."

Armin put Shiro on the floor. Then the edge of his avatar glowed brightly and the floor melted like chocolate and flowed down.

"Shiro is dying?"

"No. He's going down. The entrance to the first stage is Shiro himself."

Amy crawled to the floor that collapsed with her figure.

And she shouted at Shiro, who had already gone down more than 5 meters.

"Shiro! I'll save you! I'll definitely save you!"

The darkness underground eroded Shiro's surface like a liquid.

Maybe it was an illusion, but Amy clearly saw a faint smile on Shiro's lips.

And finally, the entire second stage was sucked into a hole.

* * *

&nbsp;Shiro's mental first stage. Maternal psychology.

It was the end of the abyss.

Amy, who fell down with the scenery, looked around.

It was a horizontal plane with nothing, but not dark.

Somewhere there was a thump, thump, heartbeat sound. It felt like being submerged in water.

"What is this sound...?"

Armin appeared from the darkness.

"This is the sound Shiro heard when he was in his mother's womb. This place is called maternal psychology, where records from birth to birth are stored. That is, where instincts are created."

"So Ataraxia was in the last stage after all."

Armin also smiled bitterly at Reyna's words.

It was a journey that only vaguely considered possibilities. But who would have thought that an archangel's ability would be engraved in the realm of instinct?

'How did he do it? Is it possession?'

That was too dangerous even if it was true.

Possession could gain stronger mental exploration abilities than diving, but the backlash from egoists would have been tremendous. Even if he was an archangel, he would have been at risk of extinction if he tried to possess Shiro in a normal state.
```
[Translated block]
The wind cutter sliced through the air, aiming for Arius's neck. But before it could reach him, a barrier of light appeared and blocked the attack.

"Ha! You think you can hurt me with that? I have the power of a archangel on my side!" Arius taunted, holding up a glowing pendant. "This is the key to activate Ataraxia. With this, I can unleash the full potential of Ekael's statue!"

He pressed the pendant to the statue's chest, and a surge of energy erupted from it. The statue's eyes opened, and its wings spread out. A halo of light formed above its head, and a wave of magic radiated from it.

"What...what is he doing?" Zyon asked, feeling his own magic being suppressed by the statue's presence.

"He's trying to awaken Ataraxia, the ultimate magic amplification array. If he succeeds, he'll be able to control Ekael's power as his own!" Armin explained, gritting his teeth.

"We can't let him do that! We have to stop him!" Reina shouted, readying her sword.

"Wait! It's too dangerous to approach him now! He's protected by the statue's barrier!" Armin warned.

"Then how do we stop him?" Amy asked, frustrated.

Armin looked around, searching for a way to break through the barrier. He noticed a crack on the floor, leading to a hidden chamber below.

"Maybe there's another way in. Follow me!" He said, running towards the crack.

He jumped down, followed by Reina, Zyon and Amy. They landed in a dark tunnel, lit by faint torches.

"Where are we?" Reina asked.

"This must be the underground passage that leads to the temple. Maybe there's another entrance to the statue's chamber from here." Armin said.

He led them through the tunnel, hoping to find a way to stop Arius before it was too late.
[Translated block]


A wind in the shape of a commendation broke with a clang at the midpoint. Thin electricity spread in a right angle shape around the collision point.

"It's a mental barrier. Divers call it 'threading'. It's made by pulling Siro's mind into strands and weaving them into a barrier shape."

Arius clapped with a happy expression.

"You're very knowledgeable. The eternal contemplator was not a bluff. That's correct. While you were following me slowly like a turtle, I played a little prank with Siro's mind."
[Translated block]