


Tribe of Darkness (2)

The mansion was no different than before.

'Is there something wrong with my eyes?'

However, when Lian's sword swung, the wall split and the night scenery was revealed.

And even that scenery split, and only a flash of light filled the view.

"Kuuuuu... why?" The vampire's eyes? trembled in shock. The half-spiritual body that can penetrate anything that can be destroyed. However, because Lian's object is indestructible, it was like a natural enemy to the vampire.

"Step back."

Lian pointed his sword forward.

"It's not over yet."

The vampire's upper and lower body were sticky with blood, and they reconnected.

'Powerful regeneration.'

It was one of the pure-blood abilities to quickly recover the body using blood.

If you stake the heart, regeneration is impossible, but if you pull out the stake, the vampire is a race that comes back to life.

"You... you're not human."

Lian is human.

"My sword kills you. Surrender quietly."

"Nonsense."

History proved what happened to the vampire caught by humans.

The vampire, who briefly looked around, spotted the remaining knights behind him.

"Hehe, I'll kill one more." The vampire's legs began to split into numerous bats and flew towards the knights.

"Uaaaa! What is this!"

Lian, who jumped out with a kick on the ground, plunged into the flock of bats, and the frightened knights appeared.

"Get out quickly!"

He swung his great sword and scattered the bats, but the knights couldn't even lift their heads.

"Save, save me......!"

When he grabbed the knight's collar and threw it outside, his body floated and rolled on the floor.

"Tonight you are the sacrifice!" The vampire, who had loosened his lower body like smoke, rushed towards the plain-looking knight.

'Damn it! There's no choice!'

As Lian threw the knight with all his might, the palm of the vampire flew in.

"Chungpa!"

The vampire's technique of striking a shock in the state of a soul hit Lian's chest.

"Kuk!"

Lian, whose heart stopped, made a thud sound and hit the wall, and Irene's face turned pale.

"Mister!"

Jjanggrang!

The shadow of a nimble body that broke the glass of the third floor and came in landed in the hall on the first floor.

"Step back!"

It was a woman's voice, and she had silver hair.

She quickly climbed the stairs with a quick step and swung her sharp sword.

The blade passed through the neck.

"Kak! This is!"

Even though he spread out the fire technique and changed into a half-spirit state, surprisingly, the sword accurately wounded him.

"??????Hunter!"

The moment she saw the shiny sword the woman was holding, the doubt became a conviction.

Anyway, since he killed Lian, the way to escape was open.

"Damn it! I'll see you later!" The vampire, who escaped through the wall as it was, turned her body in a hurry when the woman tried to fly her body.

"Where are you running!"

"Mister! Mister!"

At the crying voice of Irene, the woman who was about to fly her body flinched and turned her body.

Lian was leaning against the wall with his head tilted.

"It's too late. The shock of Almas class doesn't stop the heart, it explodes."

Because there was no reason to perform emergency resuscitation because the woman flew her body and disappeared outside the broken window.

Irene did not give up and shook Lian.

"Don't die! What should I do if you die! Get up quickly!"

"Ah, noisy."

Lian slowly opened his eyes.

"Mom!"

Irene, who had been praying for him to live, was surprised as if she had seen a ghost when he actually got up.

"What, what? That woman said the heart is......

"Yeah, it stopped."

The durability of Yacha maintained the form, so the recovery did not take long.

'Is it still regenerating?'

Smile's hallucination was circling around his ears.
[Translated block]


"Don't worry. I won't die from this." I heard his heart had stopped.

"......Then how much does it take to die?"

"I don't know."

Thinking that he might not be different from a vampire, Lian looked up at the 3rd floor window.

"Who was it?"

Even in the chaos of life and death, Irene remembered the key information.

"It was a silver-haired woman, and the vampire called her a hunter."

"Ah."

Not all hunters are strong, but as far as Lian knows, they use all the methods that vampires hate.

'I understand why he ran away.' If it's a force specialized in vampires, even if it's an Almas rank, it would have been overwhelming.

"There's nothing we can do. We can only look forward to the next."

It was an inevitable choice to save the knight, but it was better to stop the heart once than to increase the number of deaths.

"What's going on? Don't tell me......

Late, the lights of the mansion turned on and Irene's mother came running with the soldiers.

"Mom!"

The woman who hugged Irene looked back at Lian with a scared expression.

She should have been working late, but she had returned home two hours ago due to a warning incident.

"What happened?"

"A vampire targeted your daughter. He ran away. He probably won't attack again tonight."

"He escaped? With all these troops?"

Lian didn't want to explain what position Almas rank was in vampire society.

"Mom, Brother Lian, no, oppa protected me."

When Irene calls someone oppa, it's limited, so her mother also relaxed her expression.

"Ah, I'm sorry. I got sensitive without knowing it."

"It's okay. You must be worried about your daughter."

"Yes. If you need anything, please let me know. We will help you without sparing any support."

Lian looked around the hallway.

"Then first of all, please disband all the troops."

"Huh?"

It was a ridiculous suggestion, but if the opponent is Almas, such a ragtag group would only be a hostage.

"I'll keep it alone. It's comfortable. I'll explain in detail when the security captain comes in the morning."

"Mom, do as oppa says."

Irene's voice had something that only the two of them knew.

"Okay, okay. Then."

While the maids cleaned up the corpses and tidied up the house under her orders, Irene ran up to him.

"Oppa, then what should I do?"

Lian was firm.

"You go in and sleep."

The next morning, already having received the star last night, Security Captain Benoff visited the Bark family.

"Did you fight?"

"Yes. It seems that the culprit was a vampire. And it's Almas rank."

Benoff scratched his head at the word pureblood, which is only a few dozen in the world.

"Damn! A big shot has come in."

"I'm sorry for the casualties."

"I heard the story. It's not your fault. If you hadn't sacrificed, there would have been more casualties."

"What about the guard?"

"We're going to move the whole family to the royal castle. You join our mobile team. You're not going to quit, are you?"

Shirone didn't have the same devotion, but Lian was a prosecutor who vowed to take responsibility for all deaths.

"Of course. Is there any progress?"

"Just confirming that it's a vampire can be considered a success. We're going to put a lot of pressure on it now."

"Where?"

"There's a place where we didn't have access rights because we didn't have clear guidelines. Rodenin Blood Bank. Soon, the royal castle will delegate access rights."

If the culprit who took a lot of blood was a vampire, it was necessary to investigate the blood bank.

"Isn't it too late?"

"The blood bank is under the jurisdiction of the royal castle. Other departments can't open the door until the warrant is issued."

"I see."

"We're going to launch the 'Kidney' of the Royal Guard. Then, even if it's a pureblood vampire, it'll be stuck."
[Translated block]


"If there's one Almas rank, that's all it would be.

'Something's strange.'

He was taking too much blood for the amount of blood a vampire needed.

'Did they organize around Almas?'

Especially if it was a royal institution, there was a possibility of internal spies.

"Can you give me some time?"

"Why? The mobile unit hasn't been formed yet...

"I want to investigate something separately."

So the Bark family went into the royal family, and Lian wandered the city alone.

'Here it is. Rodenin Blood Bank.' He looked at the 7-story building occupying the corner of the triangle and went into the alley.

As night fell, as expected, several groups wandered around the alleyways connected like a maze.

'There's no way to check.'

One of the reasons why it was difficult to exterminate vampires was that they could not be distinguished from humans.

'It's weak to sunlight...

That was also fatal to hybrids, not pure blood, and pure bloods were said to endure using powerful regeneration.

"Hey, you guys."

When Lian called, the group of five stopped walking and turned their heads.

"Who are you?"

The medium-sized man who looked like a leader took out a knife first.

"I have something to ask. This blood bank, have you ever seen people coming in and out at this time?"

The leader's eyes noticeably shook.

"You, who are you? Are you a security guard?"

"I'm a prosecutor."

"Prosecutor?"

The leader approached, swinging his knife.

"How does my sword taste?"

It was proof of a lot of experience just by poking the stomach with a knife without showing any killing intent.

"Huh?"

When Lian quickly turned his upper body and punched his abdomen, the leader's two feet fluttered.

"Keeeee...

The sight of him kneeling and vomiting made the group behind him rush in.

"Is this kid trying to do it now!" There was no need to draw a big sword.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

When he tapped with a jab learned from Benoff, his neck snapped and he fell to the ground.

"Please, please save us! We don't know anything!"

'He's not a vampire.'

But it seemed like he didn't really know anything.

"Tell me honestly. As I said earlier, I'm not a security guard. If you make the wrong judgment...

When Lian raised his great sword, the leader's face turned pale.

"I really don't know! We just moved it! We didn't do anything wrong!"

"Moved? What?"

"The, the bag! If you wait in front of this blood bank, someone will come in and out at dawn and give you a bag and money. If you deliver the bag, the money is ours."

"Who gave you the bag?"

"I couldn't see it clearly because it was dark." Lian pointed his great sword at his neck.

"He wore glasses! He has a sharp look and, he's about a head taller than me. His face is pale and skinny."

'It's not the guy who came into the Bark family.'

Lian asked.

"Where did you transport the bag?"

"The destination is different every time. Sometimes it's block 13, sometimes it's block 47."

He wouldn't have told him about the hideout.

"Are there other people doing this job besides you guys?"

"It seems like everyone is doing it these days. The forces take turns transporting by date. Honestly, it's creepy, but they give us too much money. We're risking our lives, too."

Lian checked the time.

"Go back. And don't ever show up here again." The leader, who seemed to not understand, made a dumb expression, and Lian glared at him with tiger eyes.

"Do you want to die here if you don't like it?"

"No, no!"

The leader, who couldn't even pick up the dropped knife, ran deep into the alley, and the group followed him.

'A broker who frequents the blood bank. Then the security team must already be under surveillance.'

That's why Lian had to step in.

He waited for two hours at the place where he sent the delinquents back, and it was completely deserted.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]