


[457] The Beginning of Change (9)

At the meeting of the research club, Miro told Gaold everything she had told Sein.

The organization called the Holy War moved after passing the survival test last year.

They revealed the secrets of the world to Miro, and even told her about the existence of Anke Ra.

Miro said she had been to heaven. And that was what made her trapped in loneliness more than death.

"Why......"

Gaold shouted as he got up.

"Why did you accept such an offer!"

"If I don't, everyone will die. I'm going to be someone's successor and protect this world. It's a glorious thing."

"No, it's crazy! What's left for you by doing that?"

"Huhu, you shouldn't say that as a believer of Yor. It's nice, isn't it, to be able to give my love to everyone in the world."

"But what about my love?"

"Gaold, love is not something you can do alone. I don't love you."

"I can do it alone. Anyway, you pretended to date Sein to deceive me, right?"

Miro sighed.

She didn't care much about the emotions that would normally make her blush compared to the situation she was in.

"Sigh. How did we end up like this?"

Gaold snapped.

"It's all your fault!"

"Hohoho! What did I do? I was just sitting still. Anyway, this popularity......"

Gaold's teeth chattered at the sight of Miro joking even in a situation where his life was over.

Did he not care about the heart of someone who had to send her to a place where he could never see her again?

"That's it! Do whatever you want! I'll forget from now on."

Gaold stormed out of the research club, but his heart was hotter than before.

Miro's grave.

The design of Istas, which Sein and Miro collaborated on, was no different from digging their own coffin while waiting for their death.

'There must be a way. I can save Miro.'

There was no way.

When he started to find a realistic way, Gaold could feel how much Miro was involved in a huge incident.

Gaold prayed all night.

'O Lord, why her? Why does the person I love have to suffer such pain?'

Regardless of Gaold's decline, the world moved fast, and he finally heard from Sein that a 20-member committee that would decide Miro's choice had been convened.

Gaold went over the names of the committee members.

Miro's teacher Mirhi Alpheus and Olivia of the Torumia Kingdom Teachers' Association, King Adolf and Queen of Torumia.

The fact that four people from their own country were included among 20 people was probably an excuse for the secret history that would surface later, but Gaold was not satisfied.

The highest authorities in each field of the world, such as national, religious, social, humanities, history, philosophy, and art, were also included in the meeting with the emperor and first-class messengers of the Three Emperors.

'Gustav Habits. He will never forgive Miro.'

Then Gaold had only one person to rely on.

The religious figures invited were the pope of Lami Church, the largest church in the world, Yora, who is called a living saint of Yor Church, and Amium.

'Yes, if it's him......'

Amium's influence was weaker than Lami Church, but his personality was recognized by the world.

If he breathed in the committee, he could easily check Habits.

That's how 20 judgments were faithfully prepared away from the eyes of the world.

A space-time dimension of scale magicians opened near Istas at Alpheus Magic School, and there gathered those who boasted of being the highest authority in the world.

After staying up for several nights, Gaold found Amium walking buried among escort knights.

"Amium! Amium!"

As Gaold popped out at the same time, the knights' blades flew toward his neck.

"Stop."
[Translated block]


```
With his neck caught in the crossed blades, Gaold stood still, unable to move.

Amium ordered the knights to put away their swords.

It was impossible for him, who was called the living castle, to kill someone, so the knights obediently followed his orders.

"Who are you? How did you get in here?"

"I am Gaold, a believer of the Yor religion."

Amium silently watched Gaold, who knelt down.

"Please spare Miro! I have lived without shame as a servant of God all my life! I will give you my soul! Please, just Miro...!"

"Did you say your name is Gaold?"

"Please... Please have mercy on this young servant! Give Miro God's grace...!"

"God will forgive us too."

Gaold's eyes widened.

It was a shock that his castle, which he had devoted his life to building, collapsed completely.

Amium was going to send Miro away.

"Lord Yora..."

"Let's go."

Amium followed the escort without saying anything more.

"The security is lax."

That was the last thing Gaold heard from Yora.

"16 votes in favor, 1 vote against, 3 abstentions. Miro's Moon Project is approved by the judgment of 20 people."

No one applauded.

Those who felt guilty, those who did not, each had different feelings, but they all knew it was something unforgivable.

"That's how it turned out."

Even after hearing Sein's words, Gaold was staring blankly at the wall.

"Forget it. Miro made the best choice. Thanks to her sacrifice, we all got a new life."

"A new life?"

Gaold's head slowly turned.

"No, we all lost our light. Because one person took everything and disappeared, we got an indelible original sin. We will have to rely on the second and third Miro forever."

"What's wrong with that?"

Sein looked back at the coordinates of the space where Miro would leave.

"What's wrong with living with original sin? If that's how it turned out, then just live like that. That's human."

"I'm going to Miro."

Gaold got up from his seat.

"Don't do that. She's the most miserable one right now. We can't do anything for her."

"To Miro..."

Gaold clenched his teeth and said.

"I'm going."

The night before Miro left the world, Gaold called her to the park.

Contrary to expectations, she came out willingly and smiled brightly as if she had already prepared her mind.

"Wow, I'm really glad. I thought I was going to die of boredom because no one came to see me. Sein, that guy, he's really heartless."

When Gaold looked at her as if he had lost his mind, Miro laughed and patted his shoulder.

"Why are you so serious? It's a good thing. I'm going to become a legend beyond history. What could be more glorious than that as a magician? Anyway, living like this is boring."

She was talkative by nature, but now she was more than usual.

Was it because talking to someone was the last thing she would do?

When his thoughts reached that point, Gaold hugged Miro.

"Let's run away."

Miro was still calm.

"Let's run away anywhere! Let's leave with me right now! I'll protect you somehow!"

"How will you protect me?"

Gaold pushed Miro away by grabbing her shoulders. And he looked into her eyes and said.

"Even if I give up my life, even if I do anything..."

"Gaold, this is not like you."

"I know! But I don't care anymore! Why does it have to be you? There are so many people in the world! If only it were me..."

"You're weak."

Gaold looked at Miro with sad eyes.

"So I have to do it. Gaold, please understand."

"No. I can only see you now. I can't do anything without you!"
```

I hope this helps. Do you want me to continue translating or do something else?
[Translated block]


```text
Gaold held Miro's hand and hung on.

"Let's just run away! Even if it's for a day, or even a few hours, with you......"

Miro shook off his hand roughly.

"Why are you doing this to me! When you can't do anything for me!"

Tears welled up in Miro's eyes as he raised his voice.

"Then...... save me......"

The moment he saw her eyes mixed with a hint of resentment, Gaold shivered as if he had been electrocuted.

His head went blank and only a flash of some indescribable emotion flowed in series.

Miro suddenly came to his senses and changed his expression and turned away coldly.

"Forget it. It was just a word that came out of your pathetic selfishness."

Miro left his seat and until dawn, Gaold stood there as if nailed to the spot.

The morning Miro left, Gaold looked up at the altar of the Yor Church and put a pendant around his neck.

'O Lord.'

It was Gaold's first prayer in his life.

'I, who have obeyed you all my life, ask for greed for the first time. I don't care if I fall into hell. I don't mind screaming in pain forever. So please, give me Miro.'

Gaold took his first step toward Miro.

In front of the Estas Magic Warehouse, 20 members of the committee, historians, and senior managers of related departments were waiting.

There was no need for words on a matter that had already been decided, and Miro slowly moved his steps to his own grave that he had made himself.

Since she had already mastered the essence of scale magic, opening the space-time dimension was not a problem.

Sein watched her pass by silently and opened his mouth.

"Goodbye, Miro."

Miro's steps stopped.

Thank you.

Sein wanted to say.

My feelings for you were sincere.

But he eventually closed his mouth.

That's how Sein sent away the woman he loved the coldest in the world from his heart.

When everything seemed to end easily, someone shouted.

"Miro!"

Sein's face turned pale as he turned his head.

Gaold, wearing the uniform of the Yor Order, was running toward him.

"Crazy bastard, are you determined to die......"

Before Sein could stop him, the highest knights drew their swords.

"Take care of him."

"No."

The imperial bureaucrat who executed this case stopped him.

"It's a super-sensitive matter that could change the direction of humanity. There should be no deaths recorded in history."

"What then?"

The bureaucrat winked and the magicians and jurists spread anti-magic and laws that restrained their actions.

'I'm going! I can go!'

As he got closer to Miro, Gaold's heart beat faster.

Tick. Tock.

At that moment, a powerful anti-magic destroyed his mind, and the jurists' laws pressed him to the ground.

"Kruk! Miro!"

He called out to her with only his head raised, but she did not look back.

No, she shouldn't have looked back.

"Kuaaaah!"

He tried to get up with all his strength, but the magicians and jurists of the executive committee were the best in the world.

"Kuuuuu! Kuuuuu!"

As the restraining force increased, Gaold's face twisted.

Tick.

"Crush him. It doesn't matter as long as he doesn't die."

As the power of the law intensified, Gaold screamed as if his spine was about to break.

"Kuaaaak!"

Thud! Thud!

Blood vessels burst in Gaold's eyes and blood tears flowed. Blood seeped out between his teeth. The nerves on his face jumped around and his skin bulged unevenly.

Pain 2x.

"What?"

The magicians and jurists felt something strange then.

It was not a strength that a normal human could endure.

Gaold looked at Miro with blood-filled eyes.

She was only 20 meters away from him.

Tick......

But it seemed like he would never reach 20 meters.

......tock.

That damn 20 meters!

"Uaaaaah!"

Squeak! Squeak!

Feeling the pain of his bones twisting all over his body, Gaold kept stepping forward.
```
[Translated block]


Four times the pain.

The more he did, the farther away the maze was.

And at that point, Gaold's watch stops forever.
[Translated block]