


[382] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (4)

* * *

Level 3 Strong Poison.

It was a place where the swamp stretched to the horizon.

At first, everyone waited in the air with fly magic, but they drank the poisonous gas rising from the swamp and fell into the swamp one by one.

The strong poison started then.

The students who fell into the swamp screamed in agony with distorted expressions that were unrecognizable.

Even if they didn't know, it was clear that it was a terrible pain.

The students in the air clenched their teeth and endured.

But they all knew, that they had to go in there anyway.

The association is conveying through the survival program.

That the power of nature cannot be overcome by magic. That the power to survive until the end is not in magic, but in the will of the magician.

The students in the air began to vomit.

The students who fell into the swamp were hit by it, but they were not even in their right mind to think that something was falling.

"Ha."

Nade's sigh was heard. He looked back at Shirone as he slowly tilted his center of gravity and said.

"See you later, Shirone."

As Nade fell, the students followed one after another.

Shirone couldn't hold on any longer either. A drowsy voice leaked from his mouth that was vomiting blood.

"Yeah...... Nade."

* * *

Students who failed to survive crawled out of the virtual zone one by one.

They put ice towels prepared in advance on their heads and sat down where they fell from the device and rested.

Colly checked the dashboard of the virtual zone and said.

"Level 3 Cold, Strong Poison has ended. The current survivors are 8 red team members and 7 blue team members."

Olivia said.

"Hmm, surprisingly a lot of people survived? The graduation class this year is definitely high level."

"There are prominent kids in Class Three, and Fermi's group is still alive. Of course, there are no sloppy kids in Class Two either."

Alpheus said.

"Level 4...... 'Cutting'? The game will tilt here."

The difficulty level that the Magic Association set as the standard for official magicians was level 4.

This is because they experience not just pain, but actual death here.

That too dozens of times.

* * *

Whooosh!

Listening to the sound of wind spewing from the abyss, Shirone was falling endlessly.

If he had experienced extreme natural environments until now, level 4 was a mechanical space.

It was a huge chimney with no depth to measure the floor.

Hundreds of thousands of blades were fiercely rotating without any gaps to escape and chopping up the students.

Death was something that could not be adapted to.

Every time a terrible and tragic emotion hit his head, spirit zone was destroyed and dropouts were pouring out.

Shirone clenched his teeth.

About ten times he was chopped up and reconstituted? It seemed like he was saying 'Can you still stand it?'

A huge blade waited like a tray, drawing an afterimage. There was probably no way to pass through alive.

'I'll hold on! Hold on!'

Shirone pierced through the afterimage of the blade in an instant. However, his body was already separated into three pieces.

What would it feel like to look at your two legs falling before your face?

There are dead people, but there are no people who have died, so human language will never find an accurate expression for it.

The situation was the same for other students.

They were stabbed by a blade sticking out of the wall and stopped falling for a moment, but when the blade came out, they went pitifully towards their next death.

"Ugh!"

Shirone, whose body was reconstituted, breathed in air like a fetus in his stomach just taking his first breath.

'Ugh! Just kill me, kill me!'

Anyone would think that when they saw dozens of drills biting like teeth waiting like a sheet.

Clack!

Shirone fell there.

Clack clack clack clack clack!

And in an instant his body was torn apart and poured down like juice.
[Translated block]


* * *

"Ow! Damn it!"

Nade woke up from the virtual zone with annoyance.

Iruki, Amy, and even Fermi's group couldn't withstand the fourth stage and bounced out of the virtual zone, rolling on the floor.

Their heads hurt like they were going to explode and they felt nauseous. They gagged and spat out a long thread of saliva. It was common for them.

"This is crazy. Why do we always get stuck at the fourth stage?"

Amy's expression was not good as she wiped her lips.

It was impossible to maintain the spirit zone after death without a strong obsession that transcended life and death.

Saviors. Religious people. Murderers.

Whatever they were, from now on, it was a world of those who had surpassed the realm of the culprit in their mental state.

It was not strange that Iruki had failed.

"If you die, you die, what's next?"

You shouldn't create a situation where you die in the first place. It was a stage that he couldn't accept with his mind that hated uncertainty.

The fourth stage met the expectations of the association.

Quite a lot of dropouts occurred at the fourth stage, and most of them crawled out of the virtual zone with a dying look.

"Wow, I'm dying. Hey, are you okay?"

Nade rubbed his neck and approached Iruki. Iruki's eyes changed to puzzled as he looked at him.

"Don't tell me, you failed too?"

"Yeah. My head hurts like hell."

Iruki thought for a moment and asked.

"Why?"

"Why? What do you mean by that?"

Iruki thought that Nade would pass the fourth stage easily. But as soon as he thought of something, he agreed.

'Maybe it's a natural result?'

Nade doesn't think about anything after death. It was probably a deliberate suppression.

If his mind transcends death, it would be impossible to be a normal human being as he is now.

"No. Anyway, let's go. I'm dying too much from dying."

Colly looked at Alpheus and said.

"The fifth stage, King of Worms, will begin in 30 seconds. Do you want to open the vision?"

"Hmm, King of Worms..."

It was a world that could not be defined by theory since it had surpassed the 'four boundaries', the standard of a professional magician.

There was a need to check the students' condition by opening the vision, as there was a risk of fatal damage to the mind if they were careless.

"Open the vision."

"Yes. I will activate the master device."

As Colly operated the device, a large hologram bent concavely appeared in midair of the virtual zone.

In the graduation exam, a huge hologram appeared on the ceiling from the beginning, but even with the current vision, they could clearly see the situation inside the program.

-The fifth stage of the virtual extreme cold program, King of Worms, begins.

"Ugh! What is that!"

As the scene of King of Worms appeared on the vision, the dropouts who were gathered in front of the virtual zone frowned with disgust.

All kinds of disgusting bugs were wriggling endlessly. The sight of billions of bugs swarming around, as if the earth was moving.

The survivors were probably buried in bugs somewhere and suffering pain.

The fifth stage, King of Worms.

It was a place where fear, disgust, and pain were so intense that they would rather die.

* * *

The sight of bugs tangled together impulsively provoked human fear, but this time it was not just watching.

They penetrated into their skin, nerves, and organs and transmitted real sensations.

The pain of bugs digging into every hole in their body and eating their flesh did not end with just death.

As more and more people couldn't bear it, the place where bugs were piled up like graves began to stir.

Someone who was surrounded by bugs like paint sprang up and screamed and twitched.

"Aaaaaah!"

Aider who collapsed in front of the virtual zone followed suit with a scream from the virtual zone.

"......Aaaaaah!"

He rolled on the floor while shaking his body and tried to crawl somewhere with his limbs flailing.

"Aaah! Aaah! Aaah!"

No one helped him. It was because if they approached him in a severe shock state, they would rather get more shocked.
[Translated block]
Wow, that's an amazing story! It sounds like you're reading a novel about a virtual reality competition. Is that right? What's the title of the book?
[Translated block]
"Th, this is......"

Maya's face turned pale.

The other students were also shocked and couldn't take their eyes off the screen with their mouths open.

Shirone's appearance was too horrible to look at. Some parts of her body had the flesh completely peeled off, exposing the bones, and some parts had the skin swollen and rotting.

Maya couldn't believe that a human's mind could endure such a thing.

Shirone, who had completely lost her strength, hung her head with her arms drooping.

Alpheus smiled as he saw the insects tearing her skin and coming out without any reaction from her.

"Not bad. A perfect state of immobility."

It wasn't that she didn't feel pain or disgust. It was a transcendent state of maintaining concentration in any situation.
[Translated block]