


```
[229] 3. Where is Shirone? (4)

He asked other students about Shirone's whereabouts, but they all said they didn't know. He thought it would be okay to wait for him, but he decided to look for him himself.

As he walked around, he found that the facilities were better than he expected. The campus was as spacious as the Royal Magic Academy. But he still didn't like this place.

He couldn't find Shirone anywhere, and Sabina complained.

"Geez, why can't he just tell us where he is? Does he think he's so trustworthy?"

Closer burst into laughter.

"Hahaha! That's how country bumpkins are. They have no skills, but they rely on their loyalty."

"But Iruki is here too."

Closer's laughter stopped at Dante's words. He also thought it was strange that Iruki was here.

"I don't get it. Why is the Mercodain family stuck in this countryside?"

"They used to go to our school. I heard they got expelled or dropped out after causing some trouble, but I didn't expect to see them here."

Dante decided not to think too much about it. He had to face them sooner or later anyway.

"It doesn't matter. The one that our teacher picked is Shirone. Let's deal with him first and then think about it."

Dante arrived at the cafeteria and watched the scene of seniors and juniors greeting each other.

It was a common sight of the class system, but Dante, who had risen from the bottom at the Royal Magic Academy, sneered.

"Geez, what era is this? A class system? Alpheus is really old-fashioned."

"Right. I saw in a magazine that they only do the ranking system in the graduation class."

"Hehe, that's why these kids have no guts. Did you see that tofu-like kid fall down by my punch?"

Dante ignored the conversation and walked towards the students. He had to enjoy his privilege since the system was like that.

The students turned their heads at Dante's appearance. Who among the magic academy students wouldn't admire Dante? It was amazing that the top star was attending the same school as them.

Dante waited for a while with his hands in his pockets. But when there was no reaction, he frowned and said.

"What are you doing? Don't you greet your senior?"

The juniors who were staring blankly came to their senses and bowed their waists.

"Oh, hello! Senior!"

It felt good to receive their greetings, even if they were just playing around.

Dante looked at the faces of the juniors and found a woman who looked at least two years older than him.

She should have been a class four by now, but it was ridiculous that she was standing with the losers.

"Hey, you."

"Me, me, senior?"

Class six Maria pointed at herself.

"Yeah. How old are you?"

"I'm nineteen years old."

Dante made a look of pity. She was so naive that she was hanging out with kids at her age.

"Do you know Shirone?"

"Shirone senior? Yes, I do."

"Where is he now?"

"Well, I don't know either."

He didn't expect anything from her in the first place.

He thought he should go into the cafeteria and look around, when Closer stepped in like a baton touch.

Closer, who had boasted of his female prowess at the Royal Magic Academy, saw Maria as a perfect prey.

"Ho ho, you're cute? What's your name, pretty sister?"

"I'm Erland Maria."

Maria's face showed displeasure. She had attended magic academy since she was young, so she had no complaints about the class system, but she didn't like being reminded of her age difference.

"You don't even know how to frown? This is a terrible way to treat your senior."

"Oh, I'm sorry."

Closer was satisfied. Why were these school kids so innocent? He gained more confidence and pulled Maria's wrist and leaned his face closer.
```
[Translated block]


"I'm sorry for you. Don't do that and play with me. How frustrated must you be hanging out with those immature kids? I'm pretty good at handling hard things, you know."

Maria's face turned red. She couldn't stand it and tried to shake off his hand, but Closer's grip was too strong.

At that moment, Mark came over and grabbed Closer's wrist.

"Stop it, senior."

Closer's expression crumpled. He felt the force was quite strong. It was rare to see a mage who trained his body, so he looked up and saw that he was indeed as big as himself.

"Is there a junior who grabs his senior's wrist? This school is a total mess."

"What are you doing, senior? Harassing a female junior is against the school rules."

"Harassment? This is not harassment, this is a natural push and pull between men and women."

"Maria is unhappy."

"Do you know how to treat a woman? Women of that age, if you pull them hard, they pretend to lose and lean on you. What else is it? Don't tell me you were thinking of doing something?"

Mark lost his temper.

"This kid is asking for it......"

"Hahaha! This kid is totally pissed off! Do you really like her? Is that why you were restless because you were afraid of losing her?"

Mark wanted to shout honestly, but he swallowed the words that rose to his throat. He was still not worthy of Shiroine's toes. But someday......

"Maria is my friend. And I don't let anyone who insults my friend go. I don't care if you're a senior or a teacher. If you want to be respected, do something respectable."

Closer's expression changed. His smile disappeared and his face was that of a cold-blooded killer.

"Is that so? Then I'll make you respect me. You'll be rolling on the ground."

The two men moved away without agreement. It was taboo to use magic in school, so the students who watched were tense. But neither Closer nor Mark entered the spirit zone.

"A man should use his fists, right? Don't you think?"

"It's funny that the word man comes out of your mouth."

"Hehe, you're really trying to die. Come on, kid."

Closer took a boxing stance and snapped his fingers.

Mark rushed in with rage. He didn't want to think about anything else when facing the one who harassed Maria.

At that moment, Closer stepped back.

Mark was furious. He acted like he was going to fight right away, but what was a backstep?

Mark pretended to attack his face and then lifted his fist to his stomach when Closer bent his upper body.

'It went in!'

It was a 80-kilogram giant who swung with full force, so he was sure he wouldn't get up.

"Ugh!"

But the one who grimaced was Mark.

His fist felt numb as if he had hit a rock. It was not human. He must have hidden something in his stomach......

At that moment, Closer's counter exploded on his face.

Mark's pupils shook violently.

'What is this?'

His nerves connecting his head and body were paralyzed by one blow.

He had a lot of interest in martial arts and had sparred with some martial artists who used their strength, but it was a different kind of power.

"Hahaha! You're such a weakling! How about it? Do you feel like respecting me now? Huh?"

When Mark came to his senses, he was crouching on the floor and being kicked by Closer.

"How about it? Is it fun? Isn't it fun to be stepped on by your senior like a dog?"

Even in pain, Mark couldn't stand it because he was angry.

His mind wanted to get up and fight back, but his body couldn't move a finger.

Maria ran over and hugged Mark.

"Please stop! He'll die at this rate!"

"What are you talking about? Who are you trying to cover for? It was clearly this kid who hit me first."

Maria realized why Closer had given up the first attack.

If he left it like this, Mark could not only get hurt but also be disciplined.
[Translated block]


```
"I'm sorry. I'll apologize to you. Please stop, even if I have to kneel and beg."

Dante stepped in and settled the situation. He didn't want to make a big fuss on the first day. It would be troublesome later.

"Listen up, juniors. From now on, whenever you see us, bow 90 degrees. Remember well what happens if you look down on your seniors by looking at this guy."

As Dante and his group left, the students breathed a sigh of relief. The kingdom's top star was also the best at instilling fear.

Maria looked at Mark with tears in her eyes.

"Mark, are you okay? You idiot, why did you do that?"

Mark had already regained his consciousness. He was just lost in thought because being in Maria's arms felt like a dream. But he didn't want to worry her, so he quickly sat up.

"I'm fine. It's nothing."

As Maria checked if he had any broken bones, Mark glared at Dante and his group as they walked away.

"Those guys are really dangerous. What are they trying to do by acting like that?"

"I don't know. They say they're the disciples of Principal Olivia, and they act like they own the place. The kingdom's top star my ass. They're totally crazy."

Everything had changed since the principal changed. The students treated today's incident as a happening, but Mark, who used to be one of them, had a hunch. What he had suffered might be just a precursor to a major accident that would happen in the future.

@

Sad, who was walking side by side with Olivia in the corridor of the advanced class building, was dying.

He had been given a special mission to help the new principal adapt to Alpheus, so he had no choice but to act as her secretary.

"Excuse me, Principal. Let's have lunch first before touring around. Our school's food is famous for being delicious."

Olivia didn't even pretend to listen and looked over the documents. She was also amazingly fast at walking.

"Why are there so many 8th grade teachers in this school? What era is this that you can teach students with 8th grade? The students who are known in the kingdom are given up to unofficial 9th grade. If they're graduating, they go up to official level."

Sad wanted to ask what a magic aspirant who wasn't even a mage could do by being known in the kingdom.

But he remembered his master's advice to do his best with a good attitude and persuaded her with nice words.

"8th grade teachers are mostly experts in one field besides magic. We have teachers with professional skills such as philosophers, artists, technicians, etc., for the students' character education."

"This is a special purpose school. You should leave the miscellaneous education to the families and prioritize magic. Who are the stars in Alpheus right now? The royal Eirhain Dante, Oris's Miko Raina, and even in Florent City, which is not one of the five prestigious schools, there is Axion Cabalei who the students are crazy about."

"But Principal, how many kids like that are there in the kingdom?"

"That's not important. What's important is that they exist. It's important that other schools have them but we don't. That's why this school has been stuck for the last 10 years. Aren't the teachers here too inertial?"

Olivia asked and didn't give him a chance to answer.

"The teachers also need tension. If it's a school that goes into one of the five prestigious schools, there should be brilliant and young teachers everywhere. Olliefer Siina is not even in the top tier by royal magic school standards. Honestly, isn't Romi Etella the only teacher who can make it in the whole kingdom?"

Sad wanted to sew up Olivia's mouth. He thought that teaching students sincerely was a great teacher. But she was trying to rank teachers by their skills.

"We need more of them. Or grow them. Oh, it would be nice to hold seminars regularly."

Letters began to appear on the note floating on Olivia's right side. It was a kind of spirit magic called dot writing, which had the ability to print voice into text.
```

Is there anything else you want me to do?
[Translated block]


```
Her speech was so fast that I wondered if she was using supersonic (a skill of a language mage who pronounces words at super high speed), but even so, my writing speed did not fall behind.
```
[Translated block]