


[209] 4. The Truth of Heaven (3)

"It seems like no one is here."

"That's rather good. I don't have the confidence to fight with them, whether they are demons or angels."

Canis tilted his head. He didn't expect to hear such a weak sound from Habist, who inherited Arcane's memories.

"You are different from your master."

"Personality is not determined by memories alone. I was designed to protect you, after all. To be frank, we can't complete our mission without Icael's help."

That was the case in the end. The key to returning to the original world was in Shirone's hands.

Canis felt his pride hurt by the situation where he couldn't be the protagonist, but he wasn't foolish enough to harm the teamwork.

"Still, we won't have any chance if we don't deactivate the mecha system. Shall we take a look around?"

Canis walked around, looking at his surroundings. Then he felt something strange and approached the wall.

Panels that were stuck close together at regular intervals looked similar to books placed in a library.

He felt a faint vibration when he touched the panel with his hand.

The moment he pressed it lightly, there was a click sound.

He quickly backed away, fearing that an alarm would go off. A woong sound was heard and the panel popped out.

Canis grabbed the panel and pulled it out completely. A transparent rectangular electronic board was connected to the panel.

He looked at it vertically and horizontally.

When he touched the panel side with his thumb, letters made of light were engraved on the glass board.

"So this is the angel's library."

Canis realized, recalling the enormous amount of panels embedded in Inggris.

Inggris was a space filled with knowledge.

When he touched the blinking arrow on the panel, the page turned. He exclaimed as he turned the pages, and the letters continued endlessly.

It was a high-density information system that couldn't be compared to books.

He couldn't read the letters, so his eyes naturally went to the numbers written below the glass board.

The first thing that came to his mind was the memo left by his master.

Inggris

113-325-4739-49359-234

The record left by Arcane was all this. It must have been a serial number that could identify the location of the panel.

Canis was sure that his master had been to Inggris. And he must have realized something here and found a way to enhance dark magic.

Canis scanned the letters on the glass board. He couldn't even guess how to pronounce them.

"Habist, do you know what these letters are?"

"No. I've never seen this language before. Maybe we need Arin?"

At that moment, the letters began to collapse and changed into the language they used.

"Automatic language conversion? That's impossible."

Inggris was not a space made for Canis.

Therefore, he assumed that all kinds of languages existing in the world were recorded on the panel.

It was a terrifying information accumulation rate.

Canis looked at the letters engraved on the glass board again. The page contained information about dreams. He began to read aloud as he skimmed through it.

"......Dreamo is a world that can be entered through dreams. The method is to find a dreamer (夢人) Luber in your dream, but he is in a place where he avoids events, so you need concentration to find him. He is usually cooking in a house or taking care of children. It's not hard to distinguish him because only Luber has color."

He turned to the next page.

"When you meet him, give him money and say you came looking for work. Then he will introduce you to some jobs you can do in your dreams, but if you refuse three times, he will send you to Dreamo. If you find a job you like, you can enjoy your dream until you want, but you won't remember it when you wake up."

Canis pouted his lips and looked at Habist.

Habist shrugged his shoulders and Canis turned his head back to the panel and continued reading.

"There is no time in Dreamo's world, so there are many things that ignore causality. To bring something back to reality, you have to meet five conditions. First, help the owner of the thing and get it as a reward. Second, go to the office and report the theft of the thing......"

Is this what you wanted? Do you have any questions?
[Translated block]


```
"You can't do that. It's forbidden by the law."

Canis's voice was cut off abruptly.

As he slowly turned his head, he saw a cute-looking woman standing at the first corner of Inggris.

Her skin was light purple and her eyes were sharply slit. She had abundant green curly hair and a red triangle floating above her head.

She was a Mara.

Canis and Habist, who felt a surge of hostility, glared at her without moving.

"Please, can you slowly put that back where it was? Even if you're an archangel, it's forbidden to access Inggris without the permission of the keeper."

Canis did not take his eyes off her and put the panel back where it was.

As if being pulled in, the panel fit in and became indistinguishable from the other panels.

"Sorry about that. It's my first time here."

Canis decided to buy some time by apologizing first.

"I thought so. If you were a citizen, you wouldn't break the law. Anyway, it's been a long time since a heretic came in."

Canis realized that her mouth and pronunciation matched.

She was not talking through mental communication.

"How do you know our language?"

"Hehe, I'm a language collector. Besides, I'm the keeper of Inggris. How can I not communicate? Actually, there are quite a few of them. People who use the same language as you."

The first person who came to mind was Arcane. Then he thought of the Unrokers who were sent by the Kergo chief.

"Do you know a person named Cadum?"

The keeper shouted with a flushed face.

"Aha! So that's what you are? Of course I know. 200 years ago by your time, some heretics came. They asked me to extend the life of a person named Cadum by 300 years."

Canis was sure of her words.

Inggris was definitely a place that controlled human life.

But how?

It was an inexplicable phenomenon with just the fact that the accumulation of information exceeded imagination.

"How is that possible? How do you change a person's life?"

"Ha, I get this question a lot. I don't know how they find this place without knowing."

The keeper walked around with her back straight like a teacher. Her eyes were full of affection as she looked at the panels.

"If you ask me how I can change lives, it's because this place is connected to the Akashic Records."

Canis knew about the Akashic Records. It was a word he often encountered while studying mythology.

A supernatural collection of information that contains all the records of the universe.

The fact that the same word was used in heaven meant that the content of mythology was true.

But it was an unacceptable theory.

"That's impossible. Your words are false."

"Oh? Why?"

"There can be no such thing as a record that contains everything in the world. How do you verify that it is everything? In the end, some of it must have been exaggerated."

"Hmm, humans are indeed human. Well, your way of thinking is right for your level."

Canis felt a little choked up.

"So you're saying it's not?"

"The Akashic Records are not such grand and great things. This world is just the Akashic Records."

"Speak so I can understand."

The keeper lit up her eyes as if she had a good idea.

"Since you're human, I'll borrow Meccain's explanation. Multiply 2 by 3, then add 1. What do you get?"

"Of course 7."

"That's right. That's how humans think. Humans need to find problems to get answers. They are beings who need formulas to get answers."

"So what? Are you different?"

"Different. Then I'll give you a problem in heaven's way. I just got 7 as an answer. Guess how I got to 7 with what formula."

Canis closed his mouth. He couldn't know. There are infinitely many ways to get to 7.

"Do you get it now? The Akashic Records are just answers. How about this time I borrow Norin's words? Can you explain Inggris perfectly with any expression you want?"
```
[Translated block]


```
Language cannot fully convey the original meaning. But now Canis realized what the Akashic Records were.

"Inglis."

The administrator nodded with satisfaction.

"That's right. Inglis is Inglis. Inglis existed before you came. But for you, this place was nonexistent. Why do you think that is?"

"Because I didn't know... the name."

This was a serious situation. Canis realized why names were needed to control the lifespan of Lagas.

Name. That was everything.

"Now we're getting somewhere. Rocks and wind don't exist in the world. They are completely nothing. Even though they actually exist like this. It's because they don't have the ability to assign meaning. When you give the name universe to the universe, that's when the universe is born."

Heaven does not try to find the answer.

Because there is no answer or because it is the whole. Instead, they distorted the truth by changing the formula that leads to the answer.

It doesn't matter if the answer 7 changes to 8 or 9.

Whatever answer comes out, it will be the whole of the world, and therefore it will be perfect.

"Humans always wander in search of the only truth, foolishly. Where is there such a thing as the only truth? Whatever happens to the world, that's everything."

The administrator pointed to the panels.

"Inglis is connected to the Akashic Records using the Mecha system. He changes the truth by twisting the formula. This is called hacking, and he can easily fix human lifespan."

Canis felt a sense of crisis. The ability to destroy the truth with Mecha's power was a level that could never be reached unless human paradigm changed innovatively.

The administrator snapped his fingers and drew attention.

"Enough explanation and let's go if you came to trade. You can change your lifespan at the central control device."

The administrator sent a secret glance and pointed to the machine device standing in the center of the intersection.

Canis recalled the appearance of a black market dealer he had seen in Radum in the past. Then he suddenly felt this situation was unreal.

Mara was affiliated with Heaven and he was a heretic. Why didn't she harm him?

"Let's trade? Do you know what's going on outside?"

"Huh? What's going on outside? Is there something wrong with Heaven?"

"Don't you really know?"

"Of course I don't know. I'm Inglis' administrator, you know. I'm busy enough processing the information here. I haven't been out for tens of thousands of years."

Canis sensed that her words were true. Except for the part where she said she didn't care because she was busy.

She was isolated here.

He thought it had to be that way.

What kind of horrible things would happen if an administrator who had access to modify the Akashic Records got access to information from the world?

'I thought it was strange that Mara managed only one corner of this place. Well, maybe it's better for me.'

Anyway, a clash with the administrator was inevitable. If he just traded and went back, it might be okay, but there was no way she would watch him disable Jebul's security device.

"What kind of trade are you talking about?"

"Hey, kid. Come on. Why are you doing this when you know everything? Lifespan, I'm talking about lifespan. I can extend anyone's lifespan."

"What do I have to pay?"

The administrator winked and slightly parted his thumb and index finger.

"Very cheap. Just one word."

"A word? You want me to pay a word?"

"I told you before, but I'm Mara who collects languages. Thanks to that, I'm smart. That's why I'm also Inglis' administrator. It doesn't matter what word it is. You just have to sell me one word you know."

"If I sell a word, I won't know that word anymore, right?"

"That's right. You can never know that word for life. It will be erased from the Akashic Records. But it doesn't matter, does it? It's not like anything changes because you don't have one word."

As the administrator said, there were many words in the world that people knew but didn't use.
```

Did I translate it correctly?
[Translated block]


What difference does it make if I don't use one swear word, if even something like double swearing is allowed?

But I felt more uneasy thinking that the price was too cheap.
[Translated block]