
"Do you see that building over there? That's where we make our weapons. We have everything from guns to swords to explosives. We have some of the best craftsmen in this area working for us."

He pointed to a large warehouse-like structure that emitted loud noises and sparks from time to time.

"And over there is our food factory. We produce canned food, dried meat, bread, and other things that can last long. We also have some farms where we grow vegetables
[Translated block]


They were dealing with elixirs made from food, various weapons, consumables needed for hunting, medicines, and anything else. They also rented out nearby hunting grounds and earned a huge amount of elixirs, which made them the largest community on the mainland.

'They are definitely different from the ones I've met so far.'

Armin felt a sense of caution and looked around.

"Thank you for your time. I heard you were busy."

"Ah, I drank too much yesterday. My stomach wasn't feeling good. But what's the point of playing? I'll only shit more, right? Hahaha."

Frankwine opened the office door proudly as if he was the hotel manager in the world where Armin lived.

It was a cramped room where cockroaches or comfort could be felt, and the wallpaper was stained with cigarettes and alcohol, making it smell bad.

"Just wait here for a moment. I'll finish what I was doing and come back."

Frankwine led Armin and his party into the office and turned his body to enter the room at the end of the hallway.

A blond-haired handsome man with his hair swept back was stretching his long legs on the desk, but he was startled and got up.

"Oh, brother. You're here."

"What did I say? If you sit on my desk one more time, I'll kill you."

"Who knew you'd get caught. By the way, how are they?"

The second-in-command of Night Vision, Meatgun.

There were more than 300 employees in the supply community, but only Meatgun had the skill to claim that he was guarding Frankwine.

Frankwine took out a crumpled cigarette and lit it.

"They're not bad. Let's leave it to them. Do you have the estimate that Laysis sent? Give it to me again."

Meatgun took out a paper from his inner pocket.

When Frankwine opened it, there were about 10 kinds of creatures written on it.

They were divided into first and second priority, but they were all hard to hunt.

"Haha, I'm crazy, but that woman is insane too. How does she expect us to get these? If we send our men, we won't be able to collect even their bones."

"But it's a shocking offer. She said she would match the telomere level of 100 members to level 5."

"Hmm, level 5."

Telomere level refers to the pure power that can sustain life.

Therefore, it is natural that the combat power also increases as the telomere level increases.

Telomere level 5 means that you can enjoy a lifespan of up to 400 years under the premise that you don't have explosive biological activities.

If 100 such men are born, Night Vision's future will be prosperous.

But what was strange was why Laysis, who had enemies all around and was on guard, offered such a radical condition.

"What's her trick, that woman? She only sent me the top species of the food chain in the nearby area."

If you think about survival, the species that adapt best to the environment survive, but that's not enough to be the best.

The creatures that reach the end of the food chain pyramid have powerful characteristics that cover all their weaknesses.

"She's a pervert, but she's too unique, isn't she? It's not easy to combine these things with other creatures."

"She must have found a way. She's unbelievable, but she doesn't do clumsy things. And her offer will definitely help Night Vision."

Frankwine crumpled up the memo and stuffed it in his pocket.

"So, do you think we should accept this deal?"

"Yes. It's a golden opportunity to increase Night Vision's power, no matter what they think. She's also someone we have to work with if we have ambition to rule Hellfire."

Frankwine swung his arm viciously and hit Meatgun's chin.

Meatgun's body flew like a cannonball and hit the wall with a thud. When he fell to the floor in a sideways position, there was a huge crack in the wall.

Meatgun got up holding his forehead and Frankwine said as he opened the door and left.

"If you sit on my chair one more time, I'll kill you."

Bang.

The door closed.
[Translated block]


Armin and his companions, who were sitting in the office that Frankwine had guided them to, all had grim expressions on their faces.

A foul smell of alcohol and cigarettes permeated the air, along with another kind of rancid odor.

Shiina spoke while waving her hand fan.

"What is this smell?"

The men had a guess, but they kept silent.

Etella tilted her head and said.

"It's like some kind of fish...."

Armin quickly changed the topic.

"Anyway, it's strange that the leader of the supply community suddenly shows us kindness."

Shiina had the same thought.

"We shouldn't let our guard down. Frankwine's temperament was really weird, as well as his bodyguards. Maybe there's something happening behind the scenes that we don't know about...."

Etella and Kuan nodded.

But even if something was going on elsewhere, they had no way of knowing.

Frankwine entered with a cool smile.

"Ha ha! Sorry about that. I had some work piled up."

Shiina snapped as if she had been waiting.

"Why is this place so messy if it's an office? And what is this smell? It's giving me a headache."

Frankwine looked at Shiina as if wondering why she was asking that, then burst into laughter as if he realized something.

"Ha ha! That's right! You see, I had a bit of a wild night yesterday...."

Armin urged him to sit down.

"Please sit down. We have something important to tell you."

Frankwine sat down awkwardly. But in his head, he was quickly calculating.

They were all excellent skill users. And yet, there were two innocent ladies among them.

A rare sight in the hell where survival was everything.

'These guys, they're from another world.'

Then it would be easier to talk. Frankwine was not from hell either.

"So, you guys who scared off two of my capable subordinates, what brought you to this shabby place?"

He couldn't forget the death of his subordinates.

But Frankwine's emotion was not grief, but a purely business-like thought of getting some compensation.

"We want to rent your factory."

"Ho ho, you're starting off strong. What are you going to make?"

Armin provided only the information necessary for the deal.

The core was to produce a large-scale Tagis.

He added that he would take care of all the elixirs and materials that came with it, and pay for the factory rental with elixirs as well.

Frankwine was tempted.

He didn't dislike the offer. To a merchant, every deal was gold.

But he felt that the situation was turning out strangely.

The sudden estimate from the second commander Laysis. And now, a request to make a large-scale Tagis that must involve the first command post.

'Something must have happened on the rebel side.'

Armin emphasized again.

"We will pay you generously."

Frankwine snapped out of his thoughts and smiled broadly.

"Of course you should come to us if you have such a big deal. Now I see that you're big shots. But you see, elixirs alone won't do to run the factory. As you know, we're doing too well these days."

"Then what?"

Elixirs were different from money in their use, but they were the most widely accepted items for getting something from the mainland.

Armin couldn't understand what Frankwine meant by saying that elixirs alone wouldn't do.

"Hmm, what should I do?"

Frankwine pretended to think for a while, then went to his desk and scribbled something.

He tore a piece of paper from his notebook and threw it on the table in a crumpled state. Armin slowly unfolded it and looked at the contents.

His eyes behind the bandage glowed with light.

Hunting List

1. Photosynthetic Monster Olkir-Hunting Rank A
2. Bark Beast Izermon-Hunting Rank A
3. Invisible Ear Hororos-Hunting Rank B
4. True Maggot Galto-Mic-Hunting Rank S
[Translated block]


5. Infinite Cell Growth Body Kenser - Hunting Rank S
6. Eating Ear Ku Zen - Hunting Rank A
7. Acid Poison King Muusa - Hunting Rank B
8. Armor Eating Mineral Species Ringer - Hunting Rank Double S

Is this what you wanted?
[Translated block]