


"Ugh...."

Even the man who was trying to die by biting his tongue fell unconscious after being hit in the back of his neck, causing all the villagers to faint.

The only people left awake were the gypsies, who were easy to distinguish because of their different attire.

However, even if they couldn't be distinguished, there would have been no difficulty for the captain of the guard to identify the villagers who had committed crimes.

'This is why His Majesty is unparalleled.'

Habits is not afraid.

'Even if he is criticized by the world, His Majesty is also the ultimate state that humans can pursue.'

This was why he, who held the title of the Empire's greatest sword, willingly served a king on the outskirts, which was almost like exile.

'I will definitely make His Majesty the Emperor.'

Seven years later, he was beheaded in one blow by Natasha, a battle doll who came to Habits' playground.

The last words he spat out with his severed neck were, 'I have seen the ultimate in battle.'

"Habits?"

The gypsies stared blankly at Habits, who was holding Abella.

Although he was not Emperor Gustav Habits XVI, just being Habits who ruled the eastern outskirts of Arcaba was like heaven to them.

'They say he's an unprecedented tyrant.'

The gypsies, who were wandering aimlessly around the world, knew that among the emperor's sons, there was one who had endless madness.

"Abella! Come here! Hurry!"

Having tasted Habits' cruelty through the pirates, Abella's mother couldn't dare to approach and just gestured with her hand.

"Don't be scared."

When Habits whispered, Abella nodded her head.

"Yes. I'm not scared at all now."

The scene of people dying, and the nine-year-old child who was about to be robbed, were no different from natural disasters.

But what was important to her was the fact that there were no more villains to torment her.

"Because you defeated the monster."

Only adults see the invisible line.

"Let me down."

Even the world's leading scholars couldn't clearly define the character called Habits.

"Do you want to go to your mom? Then shall we play tomorrow?"

In Abella's eyes, Habits was just a boy of the same age with a super power stronger than any adult.

"We have to leave now."

Abella, who had lived a gypsy life, knew that the tribes would move the village tomorrow.

"Really?"

Habits showed a disappointed look.

"Abella, come here. Don't bother the high-ranking person."

When her mother bravely approached, Abella reached out to Habits.

"Can you give me money because you're an adult?"

"Abella!"

Her mother shouted.

"Sure, I'll give you 10 billion gold. I have a lot of money."

Habits readily agreed, but Abella shook her head as if that wasn't it.

"No. I'm going to buy a flower here. This time, I know the name and species. And I'm going to sell flowers."

"How can you do business with one flower?"

"Flowers sow seeds every year. Grow and raise, and again grow until there are enough flowers to open a flower shop...."

Abella's eyes welled up with tears.

"Will you come to play at my shop? Let's play together again."

Whether it was so sad to part with Abella, Habits also sobbed and rummaged through his pocket.

"Of course. If you want to play together, you have to grant your wish, so I'll definitely go to see the flower garden."

A penny of gold was placed on the small hand.

"Abella!"

When Habits left the village, Abella's mother ran up and spanked her buttocks.

"What the hell are you doing? You almost died! Do you know?"

"Ouch! Why hit me!"

The child, who seemed unaware of the seriousness of the situation, looked at her mother with tear-stained face.

"Look at me! Didn't I tell you not to meet anyone? Do you... do you know who that person is?"

"Huh? That person?"

Abella, who was looking at the place where Habits had left, spread her tear-stained face and said.
[Translated block]


"Mustache Ahjji."

"Hehehe! Hehehe!"

Even on the way back to the palace, when Habits cried sorrowfully, the captain of the guard said,

"Your Majesty, if you're so sad to part, why don't you bring all the gypsies to the palace?"

As Habits' crying stopped abruptly, the captain of the guard felt a chill he had never experienced before.

"I'm, I'm sorry!"

He didn't know what he had done wrong.

"Abella said she would grow a flower garden to show me. But bring her? Are you even human to say that?"

'It's impossible to grasp.'

Is it such an important matter that Abella cultivates a flower garden and Habits visits there later?

'Even though it seems to be according to desire...'

Sometimes it is perfectly restrained.

'No, that is also a foot of desire.'

The thought that it was just a promise with a nine-year-old is an adult's prerogative.

For Habits, it was the most powerful driving force of life.

"Witch."

The reason he didn't hit the captain's neck was because he felt there was some reason to it.

"Before sentencing the residents of Bardol to death...."

The captain immediately bowed his head.

"Give me your command."

"Investigate all family relationships. Investigate all the cousins, eighth cousins, and ninth cousins of the residents and kill them all. Don't miss a single one."

"What?"

Even if it's a rough estimate, it's a number that exceeds 10,000, so the captain raised his head.

Reading sincerity from Habits' face, he quickly bowed his waist and spat out an answer.

"I will obey the command!"

* * *

"I didn't know."

Woorin said.

"Habits is free from the law, but he must feel another system that refers to himself by the number 2 of the law. Of course, it's far from reason because of the nature of chaos. Anyway, sensually...."

It was a shocking result enough to pause.

"He actually investigated all the cousins, eighth cousins, and ninth cousins of the Bardol residents, and killed about 22,000 people."

Minerva, who had been watching Abella's shoulders trembling again, opened her mouth.

"You knew, sensually."

"Yes. If it weren't for Mr. Habits, I would have been a witch."

"They were innocent. You know that too?"

Abella shed tears.

"Yes."

When she was nine years old, she could look at something like Habits and sympathize with it.

But in the end, when you become an adult, you see invisible lines, and Abella understood all of that.

Shirone asked.

"Did you think about calling Habits to the flower shop?"

"No. It was a promise when I was young. I later realized how frivolous it was. The flowers I bought with the money Mr. Habits gave me also withered after a year. I cried for days then."

"The problem is...."

Iruki said.

"Habits still considers that promise valid. He's probably still waiting for Abella to call."

There was no disagreement.

"Then the chances of success will be higher, but...."

Shirone interrupted Minerva's words.

"Miss Abella, where is your mother now?"
[Translated block]


"Two years ago, he passed away. He was always frail. But he was happy when I opened a flower shop."

It's been quite some time since Yuse disappeared, so Abella had to consider herself without a family.

Minerva opened her mouth again.

"We're thinking of killing Habits. The most important thing is your will. Can you do it?"

'Habits, sir...'

She knew how many people had been sacrificed for Habits to break the fate of the witch.

'Sir, you're a bad person. Really a bad person.'

Abella closed her eyes.

'You bury people alive, start wars, and even kill everyone who has nothing to do with it... So...'

I'm living so happily like this.

'The conflict must be intense.'

Shirone understood Uorin's words.

'Evil sometimes looks attractive.'

Because it accomplishes what humans cannot do.

"But you're mistaken, Miss Abella. Habits is just endless chaos, the extreme evil defined by humans."

Therefore, it should not be in the human world.

"I will."

Abella, who made a decision, slowly opened her eyes.

'Yes, let's die. Let's die together, sir.'

Uorin said.

"I'll give you a chance to think one last time. Not for you, but for us. Because we know that it's not something that can be successful by force."

"No, I've made up my mind. Although I received help from Mr. Habits, many people died because of me."

She also had a heart to atone for them.

"I will. I don't know what abilities I have, but I'll do my best."

When Gando took Abella out, Uorin looked around and said.

"We've secured Alpha PC. Now all we have to do is bring Beta PC and all the preparations are over."

Iruki rested his chin and said.

"......There was a survivor."

Shirone also realized.

"Oh, I see."

"Habits ordered 22,000 innocent people to die. But even if he's an emperor, he can't find all the blood relatives. You've already found it, haven't you? The one who hates Habits the most?"

Uorin honestly confessed.

"Yes. She, who escaped the mass murder 14 years ago, is currently living in the Kingdom of Arachne."

It could be said that it was a fantastic match legally.

"Arachne? It's in the southern hemisphere, isn't it?"

Gudio added.

"It's one of the seven royal stars representing the ten kingdoms of the Southern Continent Sea. It's also a famous resort as a political asylum."

"And it's also the place where the World Beauty Contest is held."

Everyone paid attention to Mice.

"Just...... I'm curious who will win. It's this time of year. There's no other emotion."

Uorin, who sighed, said.

"The problem is that she's hiding her identity. So, Shirone, I have a favor to ask."

She was already prepared.

"Bring Beta PC. If you're a Five Star, you should be able to request the asylum records of the Arachne government."

"What about her information?"

"Her real name is Emery Justin. I couldn't confirm what name she's using now. She's 27 years old, and she has a burn scar under her right chest and side from the exile."

If it was a unique wound, it would definitely help.

"It's almost from one end to the other in Kashan. Considering the waiting time at the international station, there's no difference from flying."

Iruki asked.

"Isn't that more like a monster?"

Uorin smiled with his eyes.

"Ride the Latusa. It will help."

Tier 3 monster, Kai Dra.

The memory of breaking through the desert god Noscarta together when he stopped at the oasis vanguard of the southern desert was vivid.

'It was really hard, but now it's a memory.'

Suddenly, Lian and Kido were missed.

"I'll leave right away. Please prepare the Latusa."

When Shirone, taking Iruki, opened the door, Mice jumped up and shouted.

"Be sure to find out the color of the winner's swimsuit!"
[Translated block]
The translation of the Korean text "쿵 하고 문이 닫혔다." to English is "The door closed with a bang.".
[Translated block]