


[647] To the World (2)

* * *

Shirone, who had taken a rest in the Ogent family, had finished preparing to leave with Lian.

It was not a long rest as they had to compete with powerful competitors and take the Ivory Tower test.

During the three-day rest period, Tess, who came down from the capital, was making lunch boxes with Amy for the two departing people.

"Are you upset, Amy?"

"……."

Tess, who had always supported Amy, was furious at the situation where she had to say goodbye to Shirone.

"Don't do that and talk a little. Whether you'll wait, or you shouldn't meet other women, or when and where to reunite."

What Tess was most frustrated about was that there was no promise between the two.

Amy shook her head with a sad smile.

"I don't want to. Because it's useless anyway."

"Why is it useless? Even such words should make a man careful about his behavior."

Amy's hand, which had been rolling rice balls, stopped.

"Tess, do you remember that? When we went to Galliant in the past."

Of course, there was no way to forget.

It was a trip where they fought with the parrot thieves and experienced bizarre things in heaven.

"At that time, I said this, sometimes I see Shirone faintly."

"Yeah, I remember. You said that Shirone seems to see the world from an omniscient point of view."

"In the Ivory Tower, they call it Car. The ability to analyze phenomena objectively by excluding oneself."

That's why the residents of the Ivory Tower send full trust to the stars.

"Hmm, it's definitely strong in that respect."

"I think Shirone was a little different."

"Do you mean you don't judge based on yourself?"

"Yeah. Of course, magicians always strive to be objective, but Shirone even denies himself. When I hugged Marsha, when I forgave the royal family named Pony. No, maybe this is just my standard, Shirone might have followed the flow of logic from the beginning."

"That seems too far? Shirone is cool, but not cold."

"I honestly don't know."

Amy recalled Shirone's car score.

"A car score close to 90 percent means that the subjectivity involved in judgment is only 10 percent. It's definitely not human. Most people act expecting a premium on emotions, but Shirone's actions are focused only on achieving the goal."

Tears welled up in Amy's eyes.

"So he doesn't say anything. Because saying that I will wait, promising the future, will not affect Shirone anyway."

The knife hit the cutting board with a thud.

"That's not it, Amy!"

Tess grabbed Amy's shoulders with both hands.

"The heart of a person is not determined by numbers. Surely you will be in that 10 percent. You will fill the 10 percent with emotions larger than 90 percent."

"Is that so?"

Amy wiped away the flowing tears with her sleeve.

"Will Shirone really not forget me?"

"Of course! If you, who know Shirone best, are anxious, what should you do?"

"Yeah. I believe. I believe in Shirone."

It seems that her heart was weakened unknowingly due to the situation of parting without hope and the evaluation of the highest institution, the Ivory Tower.

Tess, who hugged Amy with a wide chest, smiled and said.

"Let's make the most delicious food. Can those fools eat rice without us?"

Only then did Amy, who had regained her laughter, nod her head.

"Ahaha! That's right, it must be."

* * *

In the middle of two horses waiting, Shirone received Amy's lunch box, which was still warm, with both hands.
[Translated block]


"Thank you, Amy. I'll eat well."

"Take care of yourself. Sometimes... send a letter."

Even the words to send a letter were burdensome, but Shirone nodded readily.

"Yes. I'll contact you when I settle down."

Lian, who checked the time by the position of the sun in the sky, turned to the horse and said,

"Let's leave now. We're running out of time."

Tes squinted his eyes.

"Hey! We don't know when we'll see each other again after we say goodbye. Aren't you going to say goodbye?"

"We'll see each other someday. Shirone has to compete with some amazing guys now. It's not important to say goodbye."

At the indifferent answer, Tes made a ridiculous expression.

'What kind of guy is this?'

Lian added gruffly.

"Graduate from the swordsmanship school. I mean, join us quickly."

Only then did a smile appear on Tes's mouth.

"Heh, of course I will. I'll graduate as the top student and rise so high that I can't even compare to a dropout like you."

"Hahaha! You still don't know, but by then, I'll be a great swordsman known to the whole world."

Amy was envious of the two who seemed to be nervous but were talking about each other's future.

"That's right! I almost forgot!"

Shirone, who put the lunch box in the bag hanging on the saddle, took out Armand from the cubic.

Since there was a mental advancement during the graduation exam, there must have been some changes in Armand.

Amy, with her hand on her waist, said,

"Hmm, that's right. Now that you've become a wizard, you can carry weapons, right?"

"Yes. I try to wear it as much as possible."

When the diamond armor was activated, the blade split and wrapped around Shirone, and the organic matter filled between the metal frames.

-Multiple focus points detected. Function reset.

Armand, who confirmed the state of quantum superposition, made another change after heaven.

"Huh?"

The shape, which was a white robe with a sharp angle, changed to a calm grayish hood that seemed a little worn out.

The change was not only external, and the first thing confirmed was that the artificial brain was gone.

'It's because of quantum superposition.'

In a state where thoughts are superimposed with force dimension, it is much harder to integrate into Ultima if the artificial brain is operating.

'Valhalla action is still disabled.'

It seemed that he had not yet paid the price on the Terra Jay side, but according to Miro's words, it would not take long.

With the disappearance of the artificial brain, the anti-thesis of Akamai seemed to have moved to the robe of Armand.

"Hmm."

When the anti-thesis was opened, the robe split as if cut with a knife, and dozens of eyeballs blinked.

"Ugh!"

Tes grimaced, but tactically, it was a situation without a blind spot.

If combined with the ability of the ringer's armor to respond immediately to shocks, the user protection function could be said to be the best.

'Huh? This is gone?'

The biggest change was that the tentacles of the eating ghost Kuzen no longer came out.

'It's because the psyche has changed.'

Even when the diamond armor was changed in heaven, survival was the top priority, so the phenotype was extreme.

Kuzen's tentacles have the ability to chew and swallow external creatures to absorb energy.

There is an advantage that physical shock can be given, but it was definitely not a method that suits Shirone's temperament.

'The most important thing is that it is antithetical to quantum superposition.'

The ability with too strong activity is difficult to control as the number of overlapping events increases.

"So how do you absorb energy?"

Shirone, who is integrated with Armand, could immediately realize the change.

"Ah, it's eating me."

"You... eat?"

"When I eat something, Kuzen eats me again."

It was a more stable operation than finding energy from the outside.

"But it's creepy? Thinking about eating you."
[Translated block]


"Although I expressed it as eating, it's just stimulating metabolism. It's the same as losing weight when you starve."

Anyway, creatures live by digesting their bodies.

"Still, the physical exhaustion will be severe. Won't it be dangerous?"

"It's okay. I'm the one who decides the activation. Especially, Kuzen's feeding metabolism is very useful when dealing with schemas."

In addition, when combined with Kenser's cell regeneration ability, it was expected to have defense against shocks applied inside the body.

'In other words, a 4-stage defense system through Armand.'

The first stage is that Akamai's antithesis binds, and the second stage is that Ringer's armor protects the user.

The third stage is that Kuzen's metabolism enhancement strengthens the body, and finally, Kenser's ability regenerates cells.

Of course, practice would be different from theory, but it seemed that any enemy could be dealt with if such a defense system was built.

'Next is attack power.'

Galtomic's ability to strengthen the law was expected to enhance not only the power of magic but also the incarnation of the archangel.

In addition, there was a technical change in terms of pure magic amplification.

The magic amplification structure installed on both gauntlets was integrated into the right palm, further improving efficiency.

'It's better this way. If you stick to balance, you can't create variables when it's important.'

This was also Shiro's tendency.

"I like it."

From the shape to the function, it felt like he had finally put on his own clothes, throwing away the extreme pain he had experienced in heaven.

"If you like it, that's enough."

Lian spoke nonchalantly, but Amy was amazed at the function of Armand, which enhances the entire organ.

The synergy effect that Shiro's ability demonstrated in the graduation exam was proven to be able to produce a tremendous synergy effect, but now the function of Armand has been added.

'How strong is Shiro now?'

On the other hand, Shiro liked the style that was closer to the uniform than the function, which changed to field use.

"I think I like these shabby clothes better."

Honestly, thinking about walking around in a wrinkle-free pure white robe made my face hot.

"It's more active, and above all..."

Shiro fluttered his sleeves and smiled brightly.

"Is this waterproof?"

Amy had a dumbfounded expression, but it was an important issue for Shiro, who had to keep wearing it.

Tes said.

"But isn't it boring for the most expensive clothes in the world? Good clothes have the designer's name engraved on them. How about putting something like that in?"

"Ah, that's right."

Shiro, who thought the suggestion was reasonable, closed his eyes and activated Ringer's armor.

Card. Card.

The metallic line on the soft sleeve moved and the name Arian Shiro was engraved.

"How about this?"

It was simple enough to engrave only one line of name, but it looked much more luxurious just by that.

"Yeah, it's cool. It really feels like a wizard now."

Shiro looked at Amy with a fond heart.

Since it would take a day to express the feelings contained in it, the two were just exchanging the feelings of farewell with their eyes.

"Then I'll be back! Everyone stay well!"

As Shiro and Lian, who got on the horse, waved their hands and quickly moved away, Tes put his hand on Amy's shoulder.

"Don't worry, Amy. A little while ago..."

"Yeah. I heard it too."

Amy nodded, shedding tears.

"Shiro."

When they entered the mountain road leaving the main house of the Ogent family, Lian asked.

"Shouldn't you have engraved Amy's name too? It looked like she wanted it. It wasn't a difficult thing?"

Shiro smiled happily and stared at the sleeve where his name was engraved.

And after a while, he turned the sleeve over and showed the lining.

"I've already engraved it."

Inside the name Arian Shiro, another line of letters was shining in the sunlight.

Carmis Amy

(End of Volume 26)
[Translated block]