


[712] What do you get? (1)

The laws that flowed down to the lowlands were like liquids of different densities, forming layers from the underground of the labyrinth.

The total number of floors was seven, but I didn't know that yet.

Another question came to my mind as I looked at the scenery that was implementing a very human pain.

'What is a human?'

The things that happened on the first floor of the basement were perhaps the most powerful violence that could be inflicted on human dignity.

"Ah! Please stop!"

The monks who followed the will of goodness, the magicians who had cold reason, and the knights of faith all screamed alike.

'Why do you suffer?'

The sight of humans writhing in hell made by humans was ironic of this world.

'In this empty world that disappears when you close your eyes.'

"Hehehe, a newbie has come in for a long time."

The residents of the underworld who lived on the first floor of Pytharos approached with excited faces.

There was no creature with intact limbs as if they had sewn stuffed dolls together, and they had grotesque hooks.

The tool that seemed to be used to pick meat at a butcher shop was faithfully performing its role in the flames around it.

"Welcome, human. I'll destroy your mind."

I didn't know the language of the residents.

The logic of the world, when you know exactly what to do, the meaning of language disappears.

"Send these poor beings out."

The residents who had enjoyed human voices for a long time understood my words.

"Out?"

The residents stuck out their tongues and burst into laughter.

"This is a very interesting toy. Do you know what they say in the end?"

A resident with his eyes popping out imitated a human.

"Please spare me!"

The residents laughed and wet their stomachs, but I just calmly moved my steps.

"Is there a truth I seek at the end of hell?"

La Enemy must have been waiting for me in the deepest part of Pytharos.

"Isn't it also my duty to save them from human-made hell?"

A resident of the underworld reached out with a hook.

"I'll let you go if you can stand it. But I guarantee you, you too will cry and beg."

"I don't know any pain."

Someone lifted a hook and slashed down my back and sparks flew in my eyes.

'Why were you born?'

Fate, the wheel of law.

'What is it that transcends the great cycle?'

Car score 99.999 percent.

* * *

Seong-eum's party, who entered Jessica's pyramid, looked up at the ceiling where clouds were floating.

"There is a sky."

It was an artificial sky.

Moon-kyung, the leader of Sambo, pointed to the horizon that stretched endlessly and said,

"It's a really big place. The rumor is not exaggerated."

It was just a city for giants, but by human standards it was the size of a kingdom.

"Size is meaningless to me."

For Seong-eum, who realized ether waves, space was like an infinite rubber band that could be stretched and shrunk at will.

"Is La Enemy really here?"

"It doesn't matter. Just search the whole world."

If La Enemy existed, she would eventually have to reveal herself in front of her.

"Ten views should be enough for a giant city......"

Seong-eum concentrated her mind and ether waves were transmitted and countless objects were detected.

"First view."

Ether wave-shrinking.

As the landscape in front crumpled in like it was pushed in, a distance of nearly 4 kilometers rushed in front of her in an instant.

"What are you guys!"

A group outside the boundary line where two landscapes met strangely raised their weapons and glared at Seong-eum.

She arrived at Jessica's first base camp in one step and looked around and said,

"I am Jin Seong-eum, the princess of Jincheon Empire. I will occupy Jessica from now on, so please cooperate."
[Translated block]


As the three guards waited for an answer with stern expressions, the hunters who were attacking the formation blinked their eyes.

"Princess? The Jinchen Empire?"

The leader of the hunters shrugged his shoulders.

"Kukuku. Guys, did you hear that? She said she's a princess, a princess."

Of course, he didn't disbelieve Seong-eum's words, but in the Labyrinth Jessica, the titles outside didn't matter at all.

"Hey, you stupid princess. Do you know where you are? No, do you know how many people we killed for a year to take over this base camp?"

Seong-eum turned her head and saw that there were about 200 skeletons piled up like a mountain.

"That's unfortunate."

"What?"

"My destination is the end of the labyrinth. This is none of my business with you guys who are languishing here. Tell me what you know. Then I'll let you go quietly."

"You're crazy, really."

He didn't even have to recall the hunter's proverb that 'information is almost everything', there was such a thing as morality.

"Guys, let's warm up for a while."

The soldiers of Sambo, who felt the hunter's murderous intent, took out their rifles when Seong-eum stepped forward with her hand spread out to the side.

"Don't interfere. This is my fight."

That was the condition, and the hunters who took advantage of Sambo's hesitation jumped at Seong-eum and swung their swords.

"Die, stupid woman!"

Dozens of swords flashed like lightning.

"Kuh!"

At the same time as the slashing ended, the necks of all the hunters except the leader fell off.

"Ho, how......?"

The leader couldn't believe what he saw with his own eyes.

The swords that should have slashed Seong-eum suddenly disappeared and then appeared behind them and cut off their necks.

'Invincible.'

That was the word that came to mind in Mun-gyeong's head.

'If you bend space, any attack is useless. The one who will unify the world is Jin Seong-eum of Jinchen.'

Seong-eum, who had dealt with the hunters, moved her steps toward the leader who was trembling with a pale face.

"Tell me what you know."

"Hic!"

"If you share your information honestly, I'll spare your life."

The leader looked at the corpses of his comrades who had been slaughtered and said with a resigned expression.

"This is the ruins of a giant."

According to their investigation, Jessica consisted of 10 zones that spread like concentric circles.

"The size of the structures increases as you cross the boundaries. From level 6 onwards, they say it gets smaller again, but we haven't confirmed it. However, the quality of the ancient weapons excavated will be much higher."

"I don't care about ancient weapons. It's just that 10 zones seem to represent Ilhwa's alcohol."

"That might be true."

It was natural to think of Imir, who was the only one in Cheonguk history to break through level 10.

Seong-eum passed by the leader and said.

"As promised, I'll spare your life."

He felt relieved for a moment that he had survived, but when he looked at his comrades who had been killed by cutting their own necks, he realized that he had lost everything.

'You bastards! If you leave me alone and go, are you telling me to die at your families' hands?'

They had built a deeper trust than brothers through countless battles for a year, but they died by cutting their own necks without even trying to be funny.

'I'm going crazy!'

He was filled with resentment.

'Yeah, I'll endure it! How can I waste my life! I'll just endure it and live like trash... like a worm...'

The sword that fell on the floor stretched out its handle as if tempting him, and he unknowingly kicked off the ground with both feet.

"Shall I live or dieeeeee!"

As he flew over Seong-eum's head and slammed his sword down vertically with all his soul.

Ether Wave-Bending.

Space bent and the middle part of the blade contained in it curved up like a mountain.

"......"

The leader landed on the ground with his sword swinging posture and trembled as he saw the blade bent as much as Seong-eum's height.

"Damn it...! What is this... what is this!"

He shed tears of sorrow as he waited for death.

"Are you angry because your comrades died?"
[Translated block]


As Seong-eum slowly turned his body, the leader lifted his face with a gloomy expression.

"Kill him!"

"No."

Seong-eum knelt down in front of the leader and gently touched his head.

"Live."

The leader's face went blank.

"I said I wouldn't kill you. Whether you take revenge or devote your life to revenge, I won't kill you. That's the true princess of Jinchun, Jin Seong-eum."

There was no one in the world who could promise not to kill anyone, no matter what harm they did, except for Jin Seong-eum.

'How high is this woman?'

Seong-eum got up again and detected the next boundary line with ether waves and cast a spell.

Space pushed in again, and the second step to search for Jessica was taken.

Seeing the scenery snap back into place like a rubber band, the leader washed away the resentment in his heart.

'Revenge is...'

He couldn't even dream of it.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre-World No. 847.

Shirone, who arrived in a city called Codename, was being chased by countless people with numbers engraved on their foreheads.

"It's a Musuin (countless person)! Catch him!"

Some of the 19,000 worlds evolved independently without interference from other worlds.

And Codename was a world of perfect inequality.

"How dare you reject 427,621!"

All humans in this city are assigned numbers according to their value from birth, and there are no identical numbers.

That is, all humans from the most great 1 to 427,620 are ranked by numbers.

'What a crazy world!'

The code numbers of the armed pursuers were in the 230,000 range, corresponding to the middle class of this city.

Shirone teleported to the roof of a brick building and jumped down to the alley.

A beggar leaning against the wall was startled and looked at Shirone's forehead.

"The code is..."

Although it was a short time, Shirone also checked the beggar's forehead and saw the number 417,631.

"This bastard! You're inferior to me!"

The beggar grabbed Shirone's clothes.

"Give it to me! It's all mine! Give me something to eat! And work for me from now on! Bring me money!"

Then the pursuers heard the beggar's voice and occupied the alley with their armor clanging.

"There he is! Catch him!"

"Eek! 230,000!"

The frightened beggar lay flat on his stomach and clenched his head.

"Please spare me! I'm just a humble beggar! Please don't kill me!"

Shirone opened his clothes and ran down the alley again, and the pursuers ignored the beggar and chased after him.

'What's so special about numbers?'

According to what he had investigated so far, numbers were absolute in this city, and even murder was not a crime.

However, there were special cases where one could get a new number, which were exchange and acquisition.

Exchange is when a more superior human changes numbers with an inferior human, usually decided by a duel.

Acquisition is much more extreme, where an inferior human cuts off the neck of a superior human and can register it at the office.

'I can't run away like this forever.'

In this place, Musuin was a sin just by existing, and everyone who saw Shirone lit up their eyes and ran at him.

"Get out of the way! Get out of the way!"

The reason he couldn't escape easily was because of the strange abilities that the residents of Codename used.

'I don't feel any spirit zone...'

The knights who jumped high into the sky threw fire at Shirone and fire pillars sprang up from the ground.

"Idiot! What if you hit someone higher than you with fire!"

"I'm sorry! Please spare my life!"

He snorted at the ridiculous nonsense and Shirone flew away, but suddenly the door of a shop opened.

"Oh..."

He stopped abruptly with Armand's physical enhancement ability and a girl screamed in surprise.
[Translated block]


"Wow! What is this?"

Codename was annoyed by the rules, but he couldn't stop his eyes from going to his forehead.

'I'm going crazy!'

There was a number 97 written on his handsome forehead.
[Translated block]