


[443] The Day of the Full Moon (7)

The First Command entered a state of emergency.

The headlights of the Gurois lined up in the warehouse exploded one after another and started to move.

Infantrymen equipped with pipers held arcs and escorted the Gurois out of the warehouse.

In the middle of a battlefield where all kinds of chaos broke out, only Babel and Sein stared at each other without moving.

By physical standards, Sein was no match for Babel.

That was the conclusion Sein reached after seeing Babel's first attack.

'Algorithm.'

But her actions were not human.

If the enemy was operating with a probabilistic algorithm, it was not impossible.

'There is a gap. It's just hard to find in the human domain.'

-Babel Program: Operation of Interpersonal Combat System.

The panel protecting Babel's lens emitted a red light and all functions were used to analyze Sein.

Target: Programmer.

Combat Pattern: Unrecognizable.

Fatal Response Method: Infinite.

Babel fixed his gaze on Sein as if his joints were separate and turned his lower neck sideways.

Just by doing that, the number of fatal response methods dropped sharply from infinite to about 32 billion.

In fact, if there were 32 billion ways to kill him that were predicted to be certain, it would be the same as infinite for humans.

The battle will proceed in a way that a specific action blocks the probability of the future, and Sein prepared a countermeasure for that.

'He'll probably aim for the best move.'

Then what is the best move?

The difference in value judgment about that will decide the outcome of the game.

Babel moved first and Sein reacted.

As flashes of teleportation moved three-dimensionally, Babel's iron fist spread like moonlight.

-Fatal Response Method: 278 million 3,643.

It was still a human-like figure that fell, but Babel still had plenty of ways to kill Sein.

Sein grimaced as he blocked his movements with iron eyes in a faster-than-expected physical movement.

The calculation was much faster than expected.

When Babel made a specific judgment, Sein had to make a new judgment that nullified that judgment.

Time and space, environment and state, all variables gave meaning to each coordinate of the battlefield, and Babel calculated all of them.

On the other hand, Sein gave up on the way of calculation.

It was crazy to respond in the same way to a machine that calculates in units of light years.

Insight into finding the most perfect vital point in a tangled shape of coordinates like threads.

The judgment of 'roughly like this' created by experience and intuition filled in between Babel's algorithms.

"Damn it! What do you want us to do?"

Two hundred Gurois surrounded the battlefield roundly.

All the members could see were flashes and iron afterimages illuminated by flashes.

But their trajectories were creepy enough for outsiders to see, and sharp enough for engineers to guess what was going on.

"Just wait. If we interfere, that guy will die."

In fact, Sein was desperate.

If he made one mistake, his neck would be separated from his body.

Every time Babel's movements blocked his path like a net, he felt like his eyes were getting farther away.

Fatal response is an algorithm that moves in a way that can eliminate enemies 100 percent.

If Babel had been a program that took even a little risk, the game would have ended with Sein's defeat already.

But on the other hand, it also meant that Sein was postponing 100 percent death by Babel.

'He only attacks in perfect situations. Does that mean he still has a way to eliminate me 100 percent?'

A creepy feeling ran up his spine.

Is this how an ant feels when it falls into an ant hell?

In excitement, Sein lifted his mouth.

He had defeated many strong enemies, or failed to do so, but this was the first time he faced an enemy who overwhelmed him in the same style.
[Translated block]


'Interesting.'

Cheolryeonan rotated while drawing two light wheels.

Intuition, the realm of emotion, and calculation, the realm of reason.

The two light wheels overlapped perfectly, and Babel and the world that made him began to sway.

Cheolryeonan - Ilwolgwangryeon.

* * *

Mental transcendence unity fusion.

Shirone implemented Armand, who was connected to the Ultima system, into the realm of incarnation and equipped him with his own incarnation.

Just as Armand in reality enhanced Shirone's physique, Armand in Idea enhanced Shirone's mind.

As the limit of mental transcendence soared, the incarnation emitted a powerful light and Satan's incarnation disappeared.

At the same time, Laysis in reality let go of Shirone's neck and pushed back like a cannonball.

"Huh! Huh!"

Shirone breathed heavily.

Armand extracted oxygen from the air and quickly restored the oxygen saturation.

Shirone regained her senses and stroked Arin's neck, glaring at Laysis.

Flames and electricity alternately leaked out from between her teeth.

"Krrrrrrrr!"

Laysis writhed in pain.

Her incarnation, made up of countless creatures, was collapsing from the shock of being hit by Shirone's incarnation.

"Crack! Crack!"

The red skin flowed down like blood, and even the grotesque shape began to crumble.

The blood that melted down and spread on the floor rose up against gravity and turned into a sturdy body with a height of 2 meters.

She had a sharp fingertip on her blood-red body, and a thick horn on her cheekbone pointed forward as if it was bent.

But what caught Shirone's eye was the red triangle floating above the monster's head.

It was the same as what she could see from Mara, but the difference was that there were four of them.

'Four-sided Mara?'

The law of evil Satan.

If the angel's light wheel is endless perfection, Mara's triangle means perfection in imperfection.

That's why Mara's highest position is a triangular Mara with three triangles.

But Satan erected another triangle and became the only Mara who escaped from the Akashic Record.

That's why even Anke Razo can't remove the law of evil that permeates the universe.

As Shirone had temporarily integrated with Behemoth's incarnation at Kazra Star Fortress, Laysis was currently in a state where extreme law of evil was embedded.

"Nephilim calling me out. Does that mean that the law of evil has become so weak?"

Shirone clenched her teeth and groaned.

Even Armand shrank back after measuring his opponent's capacity.

A sense of presence she had experienced once before.

The energy emanating from Laysis now was close to that of Archangel Cariel.

'I can't lose! Everything is over if I die!'

She compressed photons in front of her eyes and a huge sphere of light was born as if it exploded.

In a state of unity fusion with Armand, Shirone's limit of mental transcendence far exceeded human boundaries.

Even though it had enough power to penetrate any object that blocked it, Laysis just looked on arrogantly with her red eyes raised.

Photon Cannon!

Shirone clenched her teeth and cast magic, and boom! The roar tore through the atmosphere and sprinted.

At the same time, Laysis disappeared.

* * *

"Haa, haa."

Plu's body was soaked with sweat.

She leaned her back against the wall and looked up at the ceiling with her head raised. She couldn't move with her knees bent as if she would collapse at any moment.

Blood flowed from her shoulders and calves.

Bleeding was a problem, but muscle fatigue was already beyond its normal function.

She had blocked four Garas waves already.

But Dorkins' algorithm, which forced movement, was a double-edged sword that could destroy the body when overused.

'Is this...the end?'

"Kieek! Kieek!"

Ten small Garas shaped like crabs gathered around Plu in a semicircle.

They were probably unlucky species that combined with weak creatures, but their desire for reproduction was no different from other species.
[Translated block]


'I want to stop now.'

Plu was seized by a strong desire to give up at the discovery of a weak creature.

She knew this was her last chance to die as humanly as possible.

"Kiiii!"

The Garas jumped up and flew at Plu.

Ponyfar algorithm.

As the counterattack algorithm was equipped, Plu's body shook and swung the Phoenix around to beat off the Garas.

Shards shattered like shells scattered in the air, and Plu's knee slammed down on the floor.

This attack left her whole body's muscles torn.

Of course, she knew that killing the Garas now would not make the situation any better.

She was just doing what she could as a mage.

'Huhu, I can't even kill myself now.'

Plu squeezed out all her strength and lifted her upper body.

Bang! She hit the back of her head on the wall and leaned back, her eyes slowly loosening.

"Ki, kikiki."

A grotesque laughter that grated on the eardrums.

Plu had no strength to turn her head, so she only moved her eyes.

A grotesque creature with a body length of 1 meter was slowly approaching, crossing its four legs repeatedly.

It was all black, so she couldn't distinguish its facial features clearly, but she felt it was smiling.

"Human... woman..."

Garas are more intelligent than humans. But this was the first time she encountered a species that spoke a language.

The Garas approached Plu, who was breathing heavily, and observed her for a moment before tearing his mouth.

"I found you."

* * *

Shirone was dragged to the floor by Satan's hand and thrown into a glass ball.

Her heart was not beating at the moment, and her face was exposed by the wet robe, with her eyes rolled back.

"Poo."

Satan, Reysis, finally felt that everything was over and breathed out ecstatically.

Her muscles were torn in places, and smoke was still rising from her temple where she had been hit by the last blow.

It was the price of underestimating Nephilim.

"She's definitely amazing."

Reysis smiled satisfactorily.

Everything was ready now.

Nephilim to integrate traits, angels to offer beautiful bodies, creatures to perfectly combine everything.

"I am, today I become a god."

She walked over to the Pheusix machine, stepping over the corpses of her sidekicks who she had killed with her own hands, and activated the device.

The engine of the Pheusix machine started and a light came on in the central glass tube.

It was time to start the elixir of life.

Reysis entered the last remaining glass ball, closed the door and took a seat.

Soon after, plasma began to rise in eight glass balls.

Reysis slowly closed her eyes.

It was integration. A journey towards completion.

When everything melted into one and was reborn in the central glass tube, she would be the most perfect being in the world.

The black liquid rose rapidly. It soon covered her chin and face.

The broken Ikasado, Shirone's fallen figure were also submerged in the liquid and invisible.

'It's over. With this...'

Whiiiiing!

Then a siren sounded from the ceiling.

Reysis opened her eyes wide at the sound that faintly reached through the plasma surface.

'What?'

She tried to stand up with her legs, but she was like a rice cake soaked in water. Her body's durability had already weakened rapidly due to the plasma.

That made it even more ominous.

"Kuuuuuu!"

Reysis tried her best to stand up straight.

She only got a few centimeters of sight after reaching the ceiling of the glass ball.

'That, that is...!'

Reysis' eyes shook with shock.

Plu, wearing Norin's clothes, was operating the Pheusix machine's device.

'How come she's here?'

If she stole the clothes of the agents, there was a high possibility that she was a clone trapped in an isolation cell, but there was no intelligence in those clones.

'No, I already ordered them to kill them with gas?'
[Translated block]


I couldn't judge anything.

Is the flu here a clone? Or is it the real flu?

Then the siren rang again from the ceiling.

-Warning! Warning! Main type initialization! Main type change from glass 1 to glass 8!

Gurgle!

Bubbles rose from Laysis's mouth.

The creature in glass 8 was none other than Shirone.
[Translated block]