


[179] 3. The Forest of Vulgar Man (4)

At Lian's point, Shiro made a snapping sound with his fingers.

"Right. Let's think. The existence of a creature means it feeds, and if we consider that, the food chain of an ecosystem is pyramid-shaped. If we extract only the distribution of predators from there and look at the statistics, wouldn't it look something like this?"

Shiro drew a pyramid with curves like a woman's body.

It was a form where a small number of mutant predators were interspersed between lower predators, middle predators, and upper predators.

Since only carnivores were marked, the lowest and middle layers showed an equal distribution.

"What are these mutant predators?"

"There are many species among predators that do not hunt for food. They might use traps, or they might feed based on intellectual abilities. Species like monkeys in our world."

"I see. Then where do the giants fit in?"

"Since the gravity is similar and there's air, it won't deviate much from biological characteristics. If we assume that and consider it, wouldn't it be around here? Between middle predators and upper predators."

"Ho, the giant is a mutant predator? Even though it's that strong?"

"Hmm, it could also be an upper predator. Then there would be hope for us, but the combat style is too primitive, isn't it? Just look at cats, their hunting style itself is sophisticated. But pulling out a tree and swinging it doesn't seem to help much in hunting. So I classified it as a mutant predator."

Tes tilted his head and asked.

"Couldn't it be a mutant between lower predators and middle predators? If that's the case, isn't it a problem? It means that most of the predators in this forest are stronger than the giant."

"It doesn't seem likely. Because it seemed to use language. If it has even a little bit of intellect, it can't be lower than a middle predator."

Canis said.

"I see. Then we can assume that the first giant we met is about the top 30 percent. Of course, there's a chance it could belong to a different distribution."

"Statistically, yes. Anyway, there won't be many of them. Sensibly calculating, the probability of encountering an enemy stronger than a giant seems to be less than 10 percent."

Amy, who summarized the situation, came to a conclusion.

"Then isn't it no problem? If six of us fight, it's not an impossible opponent. And no one is injured."

Shirone analyzed the situation carefully.

Looking at it positively, Amy is right. But in a life-threatening issue, the probability was just a mirage, which was also true.

The fact that it hadn't even been an hour since they arrived in heaven seemed to prevent them from turning back. It was a delusion without any consistency, but they all knew that much anyway.

In the end, they didn't want to go back yet. Even if a bigger danger than now came.

"Okay, let's go to the wall for now. I don't want to give up here either."

As they were preparing to depart with their backpacks on, a loud noise came from the forest.

Tes's hearing detected a woman's voice.

It was a more dangerous situation than the giant's attack, but if it was really a woman, it meant an intellectual being. The information that could be heard from her was almost infinite.

As if they had promised, Shirone and his party jumped into the forest.

@

Kiiing! Kick! Kick!

The six-legged walking horse, Dokgakgwi, let out a rough cry.

Dokgakgwi, a crustacean, was a creature that moved by sticking its six legs, which were sharp like a triangular pyramid, into the ground. Its purple body was covered with a shell, and a large eye was embedded in the center of its face. The long horn on its forehead looked longer and harder than a unicorn's horn.

"Rena! Drive it this way!"

"Got it! Be careful, sis!"

Kanya and Rena surrounded Dokgakgwi from front and back.

The woman with black hair down to her waist was Kanya, and the girl with big, pretty eyes was her younger sister, Rena.

As a new citizen of heaven, the Makara species, with a slender jawline, small nose, and thin lips like a crescent moon, boasted a younger appearance compared to other species.
[Translated block]


Their ages were seventeen and fourteen, but it was hard to tell who was younger just by looking at their faces.

Rena, who had subdued the rear of the Orthogonal Ear, swung her sword aiming for the square. The effect was tremendous, as the blade, made with a complex assembly method of intersecting numerous lines at right angles on the blade, was befitting of a weapon.

When she struck the back of the Orthogonal Ear, a shockwave burst out and fragments of the carapace flew out.

The Orthogonal Ear, which had already been attacked three times, moved sideways, screaming in horror. Rena also threw her body in response.

The Orthogonal Ear's single eye had a wide field of view that could cover a radius of 330 degrees, but Rena stuck to the only 30-degree blind spot and struck the carapace again.

When the excited Orthogonal Ear turned and charged, this time she extended the shield in the form of a kite shield on her wrist.

It was a small shield like a toy, but when the horn collided, a phantom of a shield several times larger than it sprang out and pushed the Orthogonal Ear away.

The Orthogonal Ear, which had been flipped over, floundered with its many legs like a beetle. It barely found its center and stood up, but it kept twisting to the right, perhaps because the shock had not subsided.

Kanya aimed her arc.

It was similar in shape to a bow, but it was made of iron and had no bowstring. Instead, there was a handle that could be pulled, and when pulled, a red light sprang from the ends of the bow and aimed at the Orthogonal Ear.

It was a weapon that could aim at a target with triangulation.

There was no chance of the projectile missing as long as the zero point was set. Kanya aimed the red dot where the red light gathered at the face of the Orthogonal Ear.

Feeling the crisis, the Orthogonal Ear moved left and right in dizziness. Then Kanya twisted her waist to match the movement of the Orthogonal Ear.

When Rena disappeared into the square again, the frightened Orthogonal Ear rushed at Kanya.

Kanya aimed at the Orthogonal Ear's single eye and let go of the handle. A small sphere sprang from the center of the arc as the wire quickly wound up.

The sphere that penetrated the eye of the Orthogonal Ear caused an explosion inside. The body of the Orthogonal Ear shook and fell to the ground.

The internal organs must have melted, but it was still screaming in a creepy way.

Rena held her sword upside down and stabbed it into the gap in the carapace. With a bang, the body of the Orthogonal Ear sprang up like salt had been sprinkled on it. And it didn't move again.

Kanya, who had finished the battle, lowered her arc and wiped her sweat.

"Phew, it was tough. This one was a bit tough, wasn't it?"

"Yeah. Are you okay, sis?"

"As you can see, I'm fine. But it's strange. Why did the Orthogonal Ear appear? It should be far from its habitat."

"Did we lose our way?"

"No way. The drone is pointing in the right direction. Maybe the law of the forest has changed. Let's get out of here quickly."

"But we have to take the Elixir. It might be inside."

Rena climbed onto the body of the Orthogonal Ear. When she opened the carapace and put her hand in, the melted internal organs were hot like soup.

It was a disgusting sensation, but Rena boldly stuck out her tongue and stirred until something caught.

A look of pleasure came into her eyes after a while.

"Huh? It's here! Sis, it's here!"

A sphere emitting a red light came out of the body of the Orthogonal Ear.

"Yahoo! It's a Red Elixir. Thank you, Orthogonal Ear."

Kanya also smiled at the sight of her younger sister jumping around.

Most of the species in the Inferno grow Elixirs in their bodies. It wasn't particularly necessary for the divine people who were protected by the gods, but in the Inferno, it was more important than anything else.

"We were lucky. Now, let's go quickly."

As she returned to being a stern sister and scolded her younger sister, Kanya turned around at the strange energy that made her spine chill.

Eyes were embedded in the forest.

Soon, they revealed themselves, tapping the rocky terrain with their pointed legs.

It was the Orthogonal Ear. And there were as many as seven of them.

"Rena! Come over here!"

Kanya, who pulled her sister, took a combat stance. But a question lingered in her mind.

It was impossible for the Orthogonal Ear to appear in a place far from its habitat, let alone in a group.
[Translated block]


"Darn. I let my guard down. I should have kept checking the drone."

This place is called a hellish paradise, but even here, the will of God was cast. Of course, since the monster has no reason, the law works like an instinct. In the end, it meant that some event that could change the instinct had occurred nearby.

"Why now of all times...!"

The law of the forest rarely changes. And it was rare for a believer to leave heaven and come to hell.

The fact that two events with low probabilities overlapped and occurred made her feel more anxious.

"Sister, what should we do? There are too many horned ears...."

One horned ear can be caught by one Mecha tribe. But if there were two, more than five Mecha tribes were needed.

According to the law, the long game of the Mecha tribe was group combat based on technology.

Their physical abilities were the weakest among the believers, but when they formed a group, even the Kergo tribe and the Nor tribe could not ignore them.

This was why Kanya was trembling with fear. Even with Ark, it was impossible to repel seven horned ears.

What on earth is happening in the forest?

She had checked the route for a year to avoid monsters, but everything was back to square one.

Kiing! Kick! Kick!

As the horned ears shook their horns and threatened, the sisters protected each other's backs.

A horned ear that approached as if looking at the liver jumped at Lena.

When she put out the Exd, which is the shield of Mecha, a strong rebound bounced the horned ear.

Kanya, who changed positions with Lena, pulled the Ark. Since precise aiming was impossible, the projectile hit the shell of the horned ear and caused an explosion.

As the horned ear rolled on the ground with shock, the remaining ones rushed in.

"Sister! Hide behind me!"

Lena changed positions again and held out the Exd. Every time the horn of the horned ear touched the shield, there was a sound of thunder.

She swung the shock wave weapon Signa, but unless she attacked from the square, the horned ear was a difficult monster to hit.

The time she could hold out with the Exd was gradually decreasing. When the limit of the rebound was exceeded, the function of the shield was stopped and it became a common toy.

When seven horned ears attacked from all sides, Kanya and Lena closed their eyes and hugged each other.

The pain until death was more frightening than the fear of death.

The horned ear sticks its mouth into the belly of a living human and sucks the intestines. Kanya was wondering whether to take Lena's Signa and cut her throat now.

The moment seven horned ears tried to pierce the sisters' bodies with their horns, a flash of light flashed from the sky and a flash came down.

The back of a boy appeared in Kanya and Lena's eyes. He was blond and dressed in a strange way that could not be seen in this world.

Shirone cast a rampage as soon as he landed.

A curtain of light traveled back and forth between 3 meters and 5 meters in radius, bouncing off all the horned ears.

As the ground sank in a circle, the two women sat down. But their eyes were still fixed on Shirone. They had never heard of people living in the forest of vulgar beings.

"Are you okay?"

Shirone turned his head with a smile.

Meeting a person in a world where you can't go home even if you run for a lifetime was a joy that couldn't be compared to nostalgia. Regardless of the identity of the two women, the disgusting monster felt like an enemy and the person felt like an ally.

Upon the appearance of the boy, Kanya heightened her vigilance. On the contrary, Lena, a teenage girl, blushed her cheeks.

'He's handsome. Is he a Norin?'

While the two women were daydreaming, Shirone's party was fighting fiercely with the horned ears.

Lian and Tess each took care of one.

Lian, who had a one-on-one match, was quite relieved. It wasn't an easy opponent, but he had seen quite a lot of monsters with that kind of strength in his original world.

When he grabbed the horn of the horned ear and bent it with all his might, the precarious six legs flipped over.

Lian stuck a straight sword into the abdomen of the guy and fixed it to the ground.
[Translated block]