


[685] Offering Flowers (5)

The power of high-speed armor-piercing bullets is tremendous, enough to pierce the iron plate of ancient weapons with kinetic energy alone, but Rufist was uncomfortable.

The living flower must be handed over to the kingdom in its entirety.

'There's no reaction.'

Inside the iron wall, which was full of holes like a beehive, nothing was felt.

'He opened the floor and avoided it.'

As Rufist expected, the iron plate in a completely different place opened, revealing Flarino again.

"I'll show you exactly what your arrogance has led to."

The floor Rufist was standing on rippled like a wave and swallowed him up into a giant bead.

"Are you kidding?"

A steel prison for the wizard of steel.

Just as he was about to smash it, he felt the inertia of falling with a force stronger than gravity.

'This is the strategy.'

The ability of microcosm creation was to control not only the system of life flowers but also matter itself.

The steel bead fell endlessly into the hole that had been melted open as if by heat, and finally crashed into the floor with a thud.

"Dodge!"

As soon as the ceiling opened and the bead fell, Shirone hugged Meirei and threw her body.

Kido, who had already fallen far away, blinked and looked, and Rufist appeared with a bang as the bead exploded.

'It's blocked.'

He who checked the ceiling clicked his tongue.

"I'm getting annoyed."

And that annoyance was directed at Shirone, who was still wandering around the lower floors.

"What are you doing? I told you to control the main system. Where is Jane?"

"This is the control room."

Shirone, who had already arrived, pointed to the device with sad eyes.

"We were already when we arrived...."

Rufist, who didn't understand Shirone's words, frowned and turned his head, and then he found Jane, who was dead with a smile.

There was no emotional expression as usual, but now he didn't even feel human.

"Jane."

Her stomach was open and both wrist muscles were completely ruptured.

There was no need to confirm death, but Rufist approached her.

Shirone followed and spoke in a sad voice.

"It seems that she forced her heart to beat in a state of cardiac arrest. So the wrist muscles...."

"I know."

Rufist, who knelt on one knee, stroked Jane's hand.

"When did you come?"

Armand informed Shirone.

"1 minute 32 seconds ago."

"Nemesis was stolen."

He wouldn't have put it in a cubic.

Because he cut off his fingers.

Shirone realized.

"Could it be, Shagal?"

If he was a figure corresponding to the post of the Great Purification, he would have infiltrated the life flower by the design of La Enemy.

"It was good to extend life with spiritual transcendence, but the final treatment was regrettable. He should have destroyed it somehow."

Shirone frowned.

"Is that what you're saying in this situation? Jane did her best."

"So what? Should I pat the corpse on the head and say good job?"

"Chairman."

Shirone's voice contained anger, but Rufist coldly turned away from Jane.

"Go. Go to the seed room on the upper floor and steal the seed of life flower. Flarino is currently in control, but there should be no problem with the Ultima system."

"But...."

"There's no time."

Because Rufist's words were true, Shirone gave up arguing and turned around.

"Let's go, Meirei, Kido."

Shirone, who left the control room, vented her anger.

"He's cold-blooded. He seems to have no blood or tears."

Kido, who ran to Shirone's side, said.

"That's not it, Shirone."

"I've been working together for over 10 years. But he's selling her like that? I could never do that."
[Translated block]


"Didn't you notice?"

Shirone looked back at Kido with a puzzled look.

"Huh? Notice what?"

"That association president saw the woman's corpse."

Kido was watching Rufist.

"He hasn't blinked since then."

"Eyes?"

Kido made a gesture of poking his own eye.

"It's not naturally possible. Of course, I don't know what he's thinking. But it doesn't seem like he's unconscious."

As Shirone looked at the floor and ran, Meirei said.

"Anyway, we're also nervous. Not only because Jane is dead, but also because La Enemy is silent."

Kido snorted.

"He's hiding. He's not even breathing. You need a sense of smell. There's nothing like it for exploration."

"But the sense of smell is a person named Shagal. Can you persuade him?"

"No need to persuade."

Shirone said.

"Taking Nemesis means that's what happens."

"......"

It felt like a puppet hanging on the thread of fate.

Meanwhile, Rufist left the control room in the opposite direction of Shirone's party.

As the automatic door opened and he entered the corridor, Plarino was standing on the side with the stairs.

"How does it feel to lose a precious person?"

Rufist sensed the alien energy coming from behind.

A moment later, dark smoke rose and the pure-blooded vampire Raika blocked the retreat.

"You enter the primitive code and regain your life. The method was good. The attempt was good too. But I guess you didn't expect the ability to run."

Finally, Rufist, who turned around, had bloodshot eyes without blinking.

As if it was more enjoyable, Raika smiled and raised her hand.

"I finished it with this hand. I didn't finish it exactly. But now that the result is like this, I think it was rather good. He must have died most painfully."

Rufist was not uncomfortable.

It wasn't because of that.

"If you're afraid of pain, you don't do such stupid things."

"Kuku, you're human after all. You say that, but your voice is shaking? Was it a precious person?"

Plarino said.

"You failed. The control of life has returned to me and Wangseong will be destroyed soon."

Rufist sighed.

"No. I don't care about that now."

Knowing how picky the president of the Magic Association of Tormia is, the two of the three ministers had a strange expression.

"Are you angry? You're human after all."

It wasn't a word of sympathy.

What Plarino wanted was for Rufist to taste the same feeling and despair as himself.

"Don't get me wrong. That woman is nothing to me. She was an assistant and a secretary. She was a bit quirky, but there's no need to think about it now that she's dead."

As the air felt as heavy as heavy metal, Raika and Plarino's faces hardened.

"She was competent."

She was a woman with good hands enough to make Rufist, a loner, the president of the Magic Association.

"The reason I'm annoyed is just that. That competent girl, that talent that is almost impossible to recruit no matter how much you invest in education, was consumed for the lives of those Ainjong bastards."

Beyond the feeling, iron began to seep into the air.

"How are you going to compensate? The many problems that the woman had to solve alive. You guys can't handle it even if you die a hundred times."

"How dare you ignore the vampire!"

Raika, who was dissolved into smoke, rushed in, and Plarino also moved the iron wall around to pressure.

"......Ironclad."

As soon as the word fell, the air caused a ripple around Rufist, and an iron wall began to spread.

"Kueee!"

Raika, who entered with half-body and half-spirit ability, was pushed out by the birth of the second and third iron walls.
[Translated block]


"Ugh!"

Flarin, who is in harmony with the living flower, crouched and shouted.

"Are you going to break it? It must be a precious flower to you?"

"Of course."

The value of ancient weapons was so great that it accounted for more than half of the national power of the kingdom.

"You should have been modest."

As the iron wall's wave became more intense, it began to stretch towards the outer wall of the giant living flower.

"You'll regret it! You!"

A cold smile formed on the corner of Rufist's mouth.

"Why wouldn't I regret it?"

Kugugugugung!

As the vibration of the living flower growing towards the sun became so intense that it could not be compared with before, the Shiroene party stopped walking.

"What is it?"

Kido shouted, holding onto the wall.

"It's tilting! Is it interfering with us?"

"No, it's not at that level."

The slope angle is over 20 degrees.

Considering the height and weight of the living flower, it was almost impossible to recover.

-There's no time.

Shiroene, who recalled Rufist's words, suddenly realized.

"I see."

It wasn't a story with a water attack in mind.

"He's trying to break it."

"Break? We haven't even gotten the seeds yet. Wasn't that important to humans?"

"You were right, Kido."

When did it start?

Perhaps since they found Jane's body.

"Rufist has lost his sanity."

The 47th Ironclad Wave crushed the internal mechanism and stretched more than half of the stem's diameter.

The durability of ancient weapons was higher than that of steel, and the iron wall's wave that could not overcome the resistance disappeared, but the 48th, 49th, and 50th were endlessly rushing in.

"Lowly humans!"

Raika, who penetrated the 87th iron wall, grabbed Rufist's shoulder and bared her teeth.

'If I bite once!'

He could control the president of the Magic Association.

"A bat."

For the first time in his life, Rufist raised his magic power to a level not approved by the system of the society he belonged to.

Steel Magic-Diamond Tsunami.

In front of the steel wave that stretches out causing 10 waves per second, the half-conscious body is swept away and.

"Kuaaaaaa!"

"Stop it! How can this be a flower you've grown! Are you crazy?"

Flarin conveyed through all the speakers of the living flower.

'Lost sanity? No way.'

That wasn't our style.

'Right, Jane?'

The strategic value that can be obtained when the living flower is safely handed over to the kingdom, the astronomical price of the seeds produced by the living flower, and many potential benefits derived from it.

'I just have to take care of everything.'

He will become stronger than any ancient weapon and reverse all those losses.

'I'll fight for your share.'

Rufist never closed his eyes.

'So rest assured and sleep, Jane.'

Finally, the 362nd Iron Wall reached the outer wall of the living flower, and Rufist opened his strongest power in his life.

'This is...'

As the Ironclad Wave burst the outer wall and jumped out, the bottom of the living flower was completely separated.

'This is the flower I dedicate to your grave.'

"Kyaaaaaaaa!"

Flarin's scream seemed to perfectly represent the pain of the living flower without a mouth.

"It's falling! He really did it!"

Kido ran around stepping on the tilting wall of the living flower, and Shiroene and Meirei searched for the exit while floating in the air as if they were in a weightless state.

"Let's get out of here! If we get caught, it's over!"

It would be the shock of falling from space.

"I can't fly!"

"I'll catch you! Just jump!"

As Shiroene and Meirei escaped, Kido jumped with a sad face.

"Anyway, it's like a crazy race!"

Kugugugugugugu!

Etela, who felt the ground vibrating, raised her wet face.

The most expensive flower in the world, 600 meters high, was falling to the south of Radum.

"Humans... humans."

A being that seeks human happiness from a human perspective.
[Translated block]


"A broken flower withers, but that flower is placed in front of someone's grave, mourning the death... 

We will even call that beautiful." 

Please let me know if there's anything else you need help with.
[Translated block]