


[771] Question of the Sphere (1)

I arrived in the Corona Kingdom.

'This is how it feels.'

Whether it was after finishing the mission, the still unfamiliar cold scenery felt comfortable as if I had come home.

"Let's eat something before we go. What's the point of becoming a star? You're too busy to even have a meal."

I went into the White Inn where Shiro stayed.

"Welcome. Oh?"

The middle-aged woman's eyes sparkled at the sight of Shiro and Minerva coming in side by side.

"You've gotten a lot closer. Could it be......?"

"It's business. He's also a great man."

"Hmm, is that so?"

The middle-aged woman seemed disappointed.

"Something simple to eat."

As Minerva showed her busyness, the middle-aged woman went into the restaurant without a grunt.

Shiro, who sat down, looked at the table in the corner.

"......"

The four people who were playing cards at the time were still rotating the cards in the same arrangement.

'Could it be?'

They probably went home and came back, and all four of them happened to be wearing the same clothes as before.

Minerva, who confirmed Shiro's expression, turned her head to the four people and asked.

"Who's winning?"

The bald old man answered.

"Everyone is losing. There is no winner or loser until the game is over. The only winner is the game."

Shiro listened to the old man's words.

'The winner is the game.'

It seemed to represent the current world situation where Yahweh and Buddha are confronting each other.

"When are you going to do it?"

"......Until the game is over."

Minerva, who rummaged through her bosom, took out the bond she received from Nam Eimond and shook it.

"Can I join in for a round?"

The four people stopped their hands at the same time.

"What are you doing now?"

When Shiro stopped her from saying she would gamble, Minerva was already moving with her chair.

"Let me introduce you formally. These are 'people who play card games'. It's a specialty of the Ivory Tower. It's also a famous place as a photo zone for tourists."

The owner shouted from the kitchen.

"It's a specialty of the White Inn!"

Minerva checked the situation of the card game.

"Fourteen years ago, gamblers, that is, the world's best gamblers, came to the Ivory Tower. And they made a bet. Who is the winner in the game?"

"What kind of game is it?"

"It doesn't matter what it is, a test, life, anything. However, the tendencies of the participants are different. There must be those who definitely want to take away and those who definitely want to give, those who want to end the game and those who want to maintain the game."

Shiro looked at the 'people who play card games' again.

"Who do you think will win?"

"Of course, the one who definitely wants to take away......"

Shiro shook his head.

"There is no winner."

"Ironic, isn't it? But that's life. In order for the game to end, one side's balance must be broken."

Minerva said, putting the bond on the table.

"I'll guess the winner of this round. If I lose, you can take all this money."

The bald old man asked.

"......What if you win?"

"Then stop the game. There are no more 'people who play card games' in this world."

The red-bearded man sitting across from him said.

"Okay. Who wins this round?"

"Hmm, let's see......"

As Shiro swallowed his saliva watching Minerva carefully examining the hand, he thought.

'Break the balance.'

If someone intervenes in a game that is perfectly intertwined with good and evil, love and hate, and causes a crack.

'Who will be the winner?'

Minerva, who had been looking at the hand held by the four people for a long time, scratched her head.

"I have no idea. I'm not cut out for gambling. At times like this, intuition is the best. Who is the one who wants to maintain the game?"

Bok-ae, or Shiro.

"It's me."

The man who looked like a skeleton said.

"Okay. I'll bet on you winning."

'People who play card games' are the world's best servants, winners in any game.
[Translated block]


"Chess, which is all about thinking, of course, the probability of card games, and even the outcome of sports games where emotions work.

Minerva entered a new variable into the simulation that such four people have been running for 14 years.

'How does it change now?'

He bet a lot of money on those who want to keep the game, and if Minerva wins, the game is destroyed.

'It's definitely complicated.'

Those who want to end the game will catch the thread towards Minerva winning.

'That's how the chain reaction happens. Everyone's thoughts change.'

"Start."

At the start of the man's words with pupils as dull as ink, four people's hands moved busily.

Each drew a card, put it on the floor, and took a card from the floor.

'What rule is so complicated?'

The speed was so fast that I didn't even know how the game was going, but it took over 3 minutes.

"The result is out."

Minerva looked at the table with interesting eyes, and Shiro also got up from his seat.

"The winner of this game is......"

The bald old man turned his gaze to the red-bearded man.

"You, Gudio."

The one who must be robbed, the evil.

"......"

It was just a game, but those who unfolded the game were characters who reached the peak of action and reaction.

"Ha, it's a shame. I could have won."

As Minerva returned to her seat with her tongue out, Shiro looked at her with a ridiculous expression.

"Are you saying that now? That money?"

"What can I do? That's what gambling is. If you win, you eat everything, and if you lose, you give everything."

"No, if you're going to do this from the beginning......"

"Let's go. What's the point of eating when there's a mountain of work to do?"

As Minerva picked up the jet and left, Shiro looked back at the 'card game players'.

All four people were reviewing this game with their heads down, not even paying attention to the bonds.

Shiro shook his head.

"I really don't understand."

As Shiro followed Minerva out, the owner came out late with food.

"Oh, you've already gone?"

The bald old man asked, looking up.

"Do you agree?"

Everyone agreed.

"It's very subtle. It seemed like it wouldn't affect, but this is going to split slightly?"

Gudio said.

"If it goes like this, the game is over."

In other words, someone's stake was about to hit the bottom just before the revival.

"Who is the final winner?"

Because it's not a single person doing the role of four people, you have to actually turn the board to see the result.

"Let's start."

As the four people's hands crossed at a tremendous speed and the cards went back and forth, the bond fell to the floor.

The owner, who had been watching for a while, tasted the soup with his finger and muttered.

"It's a pity. I can't throw it away."

* * *

After parting with Minerva at the Ivory Tower, Shiro arrived at the Earth Temple where Taesung lives.

"Huhu, you look tired."

Taesung greeted with a smile as if he knew.

"Really a tough person, Minerva."

"I've heard the story. But I need your confirmation, so I'm asking. Are you really going to register the 'Law Strike'?"

"Yes. I want to use it a little."

If Shiro is the owner, there is no doubt about Taesung.

"I see. And......"

Her voice became cold

"I have something to say about the rules of the faction."

Thinking that what was to come had come, Shiro silently waited for the following words.

"The faction is dangerous."

"Because it invades the upper system?"

Taesung made a sad expression.

"I don't want to hear Shiro say that. As I said before, nothing is fixed. All the lives of the stars are just living according to their will."

"So what's the problem?"

"Because we are not in a specific system, but we are making the system."
[Translated block]
Tae-sung pointed to the ground.

"People live according to their will, but when that will gathers, a certain pattern tends to form. That's the system, and it allows us to imagine that we might be part of a program. But strictly speaking, it's an imagination that reverses cause and effect."

Of course, that imagination could be correct.

"The reason we can't tolerate a break is not because someone decided it shouldn't be done. It's because it threatens the system we've created."

As Tae-sung spread his arms, numerous stars were born in the shape of a fan.

"In the backdrop of the universe, the natural world exists, and from that natural world, the biological world was born. Humans are located at a certain point in that biological world."

A hole was created in the universe as a star exploded.

"The most powerful force of the natural world punches a hole in the upper system, the universe. This is called a break."

"Then, from the perspective of humans......"

"Yes. From the position of the biological world, it would be a force that can destroy the natural world. The most powerful magic you could wield before reaching the realm of Yahweh was the punishment of God. But even that can't reach a break."

The star where Shirone lives rose as a phantom and flickered like a firefly.

"It's the same with any magic. Typhoon, volcanic eruption? The one thing that doesn't flinch in the face of any natural disaster is a star. Even a decent asteroid collision doesn't destroy it. Even if your punishment of God falls 10,000 times, it only scratches the surface of the star. In human terms, it's just skin tearing."

Even if all the resources of humanity around the world are mobilized, what is destroyed is their civilization, not the star.

"It's not that someone decided it, it's that it was born that way and became a system. But you broke that rule."

Shirone can destroy a star.

"That's a break."

"Of course, I can withstand your power, but Teraphos is different. The mind governs the biological world, not the natural world. If you decide to do so, there is a possibility that a star could be destroyed."

"Is it Ymir?"

Tae-sung nodded.

"Even Anke doesn't tolerate a break. It's cheating in the game. Think about it, if a being with a will can destroy a star......"

If you break the upper system at will.

"Who would want to live here?"

The value of existence, the reason, the purpose, loses its meaning in front of the one who has the power of a break.

"There is a controversy."

Tae-sung turned around.

"Teraphos is a being that far surpasses human consciousness. They think that cheating should not occur in this fight. Because if it's not a fair fight, it's meaningless to divide the winner and the loser."

Tae-sung raised his index finger.

"So it's Manman. The limit of the biological world. Shirone, you have exceeded that limit. If you look at the caste system of the universe, you are not a creature. You're a kind of nature."

Anyone who knew what Shirone could do had no choice but to nod.

"So what should I do now?"

"Nothing. You exceeded the limit with your will. But what I want to say is, there are also beings who see it as cheating."

"Teraphos."

"Yes. Their council will judge. It seems that the Chief Justice of Teraphos is not easy to use his power. Stay in the Ivory Tower for a while and watch the situation."

"What if it's rejected?"

Tae-sung looked back at Shirone again.

"Nothing will change. But if you disobey the judgment until the end......"

Her eyes were colder than ever.

"Teraphos will cut you off from the system to protect the users of this star."
[Translated block]