


[372] Steel Door (1)

"Are you here?"

Nade threw his bag and jumped onto the sofa as soon as he arrived.

"Ah, I'm tired. The road from the central to the south is too rough."

"I came from the capital."

"Did you think I came by carriage? I starved and held it in. If it was a carriage of the Mercodine family, I would have eaten and pooped."

"Or pooped while eating."

"Enough! Anyway, how have you been? You didn't betray me and do some special training, did you?"

Iruki didn't deny it.

"Well, I have to graduate now that I'm here, right?"

Nade jumped up from the sofa.

"Really? Damn, what about me if you do that? What kind of magic is it? Is it more amazing than cancellation?"

"It's not at the level of magic yet, since it's still in the prototype stage. I just need to finish it by the graduation exam. I'll tell you when I get some results."

If you're in the graduation class, everyone plans their body rhythm to peak on the day of the exam.

It was clear from Amy's case that the result was everything, no matter what the process was.

"Chet, lucky you. I had fun during the break."

Iruki looked at Nade with a bitter smile. Contrary to his words, he didn't look very sorry.

He still had no interest in being a magician even after entering the graduation class.

"But you..."

"Huh? What?"

Iruki shook his head and swallowed his words.

"No, it's nothing."

"Chet! You're so bland."

The door that was open opened more violently and Shirone came in.

His face bloomed with a smile as he reunited with his friends.

"Hey! You guys, what's this smell!"

But his good mood was short-lived and he soon covered his nose and frowned.

The floor of the research club was a mess of garbage. How did those kids stand this smell?

Nade and Iruki looked at each other and giggled.

"Sorry. I sprayed some perfume for a long time. Did you like it that much?"

"Shut up! Clean up first!"

The three of them picked up cleaning tools and started cleaning.

The place that looked like a large garbage warehouse was somewhat clean by the time the event time approached.

Nade, who was lying on the sofa exhausted, looked at the ceiling and asked.

"What time is it now?"

"1 o'clock. We should get ready soon."

Shirone suddenly realized and got up from the sofa.

"That's right! I didn't get my uniform!"

"I got it in the morning. Yours and Nade's too."

Nade raised his thumb.

"As expected, you're meticulous. But do we have to wear that? I really don't want to wear it."

The uniform was a school uniform for magic school and was forbidden to wear unless it was a special event, but the students hated wearing it even once a year because they thought it was ridiculous.

"It's not even graduation, why do they call for uniforms at entrance ceremony? I'd rather see myself applying hemorrhoid medicine than wearing that and looking in the mirror."

Shirone asked Nade.

"Do you have hemorrhoids?"

"It's just an expression! Anyway, let's get ready. Hemorrhoid medicine, no, where's my uniform?"

Iruki pointed to the corner. Three boxes were stacked like a tower.

They unfolded their uniforms with their names on them and white gowns with lines along their shoulders fluttered like ghosts.

They would look like magicians once they wore them, but it would be good for their mental health to wear masks as well when there were many people around.

"Ugh, do we have to meet Class 2 kids wearing this? They don't wear it. Aren't we going to be laughed at?"

"We can't help it. That's the rule."

Iruki didn't care. He thought clothes were just clothes as long as they covered important parts. Like his head or eyes or heart.

The three of them put on their uniforms over their clothes and stood side by side in front of the mirror. It looked like three liquid monsters were standing there.

But contrary to their initial thoughts, their expressions were solemn.

"Will we ever get to wear this again?"

There were hardly any days to wear uniforms in the busy graduation class schedule. If they failed the graduation exam, it meant that today was the last time they would see each other's faces like wearing a soup bowl upside down.
[Translated block]


Eruki said, waving his sleeves longer than his arms.

"It won't be easy. After all, we don't have enough information."

Nade looked back as if surprised.

"Really? I think you and Shirone will pass enough."

"It's a personal feeling anyway. Mathematically, it's one-third. If there's Shirone, Dante, and Amy, two will fail. If Shirone passes, Dante and Amy can't graduate."

Nade couldn't imagine their failure in his head.

"Hey, don't you think so? All three of them can pass."

"That's because you've been with the three of them. Humans usually think that the information they have is the most accurate. But then there's no one to fail. Even if you take a simple average, it's only 3.3 per class. And we're class three, the lowest in the graduating class."

Nade couldn't say anything.

Literally the peak of magic school. The skill gap was narrower than any other class, and no one even thought they would fail.

Shirone brushed off the wrinkles of his gown and said.

"If you think everyone will pass, you don't need probability. Let's go with the mindset of starting from scratch."

Shirone's words were correct.

The processes they had gone through from the lower class to the advanced class were all reset. It was a real test of 30 people facing the last gate to become a wizard.

* * *

With 20 minutes left for the graduation class event, 10 students were walking towards Central Park from different paths.

They wore uniforms without exception and their eyes were more intense than usual.

The first to arrive, Shirone and his party greeted their peers who would compete for the next year.

Students with a combined grade point average of 10th or higher in both practical and theoretical skills and performance evaluations in the advanced class.

The air felt heavy with their aura gathering from all sides.

Shirone (3rd in overall grade point average in advanced class) looked back at the road to the east.

Canis (6th in overall grade point average in advanced class) and Arin (7th in overall grade point average in advanced class) were walking side by side.

They had fought against Arcane when he attacked and fought together in heaven. Shirone knew better than anyone that their skills were not easy.

Canis just looked at Shirone and didn't say anything.

He already knew that there was no way that 10 people who would gather here would pass shoulder to shoulder.

Instead of Canis, Arin came up.

"Hi, Shirone?"

"Yeah, hi. Did you have a good vacation?"

"Just what..."

Arin smiled shyly and stopped talking.

He would be surprised if he knew what they had accomplished during this vacation, but he remembered Canis' words that he should never reveal it and shut his mouth.

"Oh, are you already here? Don't tell me you're nervous?"

Shirone turned around at the familiar voice.

Boyle (8th in overall grade point average in advanced class) and Pandora (9th in overall grade point average in advanced class) were walking side by side from the south road.

Pandora, who once farted at Dante's party, but ended up being beaten up and seemed to hang out with Boyle again. Of course they fought every time they met, but they had been studying together since they were young and seemed to have a bond that couldn't be ignored.

'Boyle of summoning magic, Pandora of fragrance magic.'

Boyle had a losing record against Dante, but his summoning magic was not to be ignored.

Pandora's fragrance magic was also quite tricky to deal with tactically.

"Shirone, look over there."

Nade pointed to the west road.

Dante (1st in overall grade point average in advanced class) led Closer and Sabina behind him.

Shirone chuckled at Dante's appearance, who rolled up his sleeves and pinned them with pins.

He felt it at the old castle, but his desire to stand out seemed innate.

But today he had no choice but to pay more attention to Closer and Sabina.

He had heard that they had been trained in hell under Olivia's guidance during the vacation, and their eyes had definitely changed.
[Translated block]


Closer, who freely softens rocks, and Sabina, who scatters dozens of sharp winds per second from the Closer and Blow series.

You should think that they are much stronger than at least two thousand times.

"Huh? Why are your faces like that? It's a good day. Smile a little."

As Dante raised his hand and walked over, Boyle made an unhappy expression and said.

"What's that outfit? Don't you know you have to wear your uniform according to the rules?"

Before answering, Dante carefully looked at Boyle's style. As before, he had greased his hair and parted it, and his uniform was stiff with ironing.

"You... Isn't that a bit too tight? It might bleed if you touch it."

"What's wrong with this? It's neat and nice. You might lose points if you dress like that."

"So what? All I have to do is pass the graduation exam anyway."

While Dante and Boyle were squabbling over fashion, Closer and Sabina went to the people they had their own business with.

The person Closer (advanced class overall grade 4th) was most grinding his teeth at was undoubtedly Iruki (advanced class overall grade 2nd).

"Finally, the day we face each other again has come? Be nervous. You might feel like hell every day."

"I don't think you need to say anything if you don't know. Are you asking me to teach you?"

"You bastard...!"

Closer's eyes were filled with murderous intent. He had never met a person who made him want to punch so much in his life.

Unlike the fierce atmosphere of the two, there was a subtle current flowing on the other side.

Sabina (advanced class overall grade 5th) agonized over and over again and finally spoke to Nade (advanced class overall grade 10th).

"Hi? Long time no see."

"Oh, yeah."

Sabina was hurt by Nade's indifferent attitude. No, actually she didn't know.

She had dated countless men in Sudo Bashka, but it was different from the thrill of that.

'My heart must be broken. Or I'm a pervert.'

Anyway, as long as she couldn't stop looking at Nade, she couldn't retreat as it was.

"Your uniform... suits you well."

But all that came back was Nade's bitter smile.

To him, who had no intention of becoming a magician, saying that his uniform suited him well was only a wound.

Pandora, who had been watching the scene from afar, snickered with a sweet taste.

She used to flatter Sabina a lot in the past, but she was proud that she had nothing to fear now after going through bloody training.

'Anyway, it's wicked. Is this already going into design?'

Pandora, who had seen Sabina being lynched by Nade at the scene, guessed that Nade would be the biggest variable among the 10 people here.

Although he is currently ranked 10th, his rank will fluctuate if he shows his true colors.

"Let's get started now that everyone seems to be here. Let's finish this quickly and take this off."

Shirone was not a proactive person, and Dante led everyone.

His current score of 1st in the advanced class also worked effectively in moving his competitors.

Of course, the grades of the advanced class will lose their meaning as soon as they pass through the steel gate.

The students of Class Three headed for the graduation building.

On the slope of the uphill road, there was a majestic steel gate that stood firmly.

Below that, 10 people from Class Two stood side by side waiting.

"Hey, juniors! Are you not coming out quickly? You're totally out of it!"

"What's with your uniforms! Are you going to a school festival? Hahaha!"

Jeers that provoked Class Three erupted.

It was an old tradition and it was much more oppressive than what I heard from rumors. But none of Class Three changed their expression at all.

"Hmph! Seniors my ass! It doesn't matter anyway from graduation class!"

Boyle clenched his teeth and muttered. It was also hypnosis for himself.

Closer swung his developed shoulders and quickened his pace.

"Yeah, keep talking, losers. I'll cook you one by one from now on."
[Translated block]


```text
Most students widened their eyes to avoid being overwhelmed by the momentum, but Dante was just bored.

He turned his head to the other side and looked at Siroene, who was watching his classmates' reactions endlessly.

'He's not nervous at all.'

The corners of his mouth rose slightly. His eyes sparkled with passion and excitement.

How could he not be thrilled? It was the scene that came out of his dreams and imagination.

The life of a magician he had longed for. The last gate is now ten steps away.

His heart pounded and his consciousness flew away like a star.

"Come in! Come in and see! Do you think you can graduate? You're just my fertilizer!"

"This is hell, you bastards! Your life is over here!"

Siroene clenched his teeth and fists.

Magician. Magician. He will be a magician!

'Yes, I'll gladly go in, whether it's hell or whatever.'

The steel door, the symbol of intelligence, shook with every step he took.
```
[Translated block]