


Faceoff (3)

***

Labyrinth Andre.

"Heuk! Heuk!"

Kido hid in the complex crossroads of Andre's maze and exhaled roughly.

'Is it still far?'

It was already the 6th day since Shirone activated the wheel of fear.

"He's not dead."

One Shirone must stay here to maintain the Spirit Zone, but he has not been found since the battle began.

"Over there! Chase him!"

At the sound of the thief's voice, Kido limped into the depths of the labyrinth.

The number of people reaching 40 had now decreased to 7, but it was impossible to block the entrance of Andre.

'Jeez! There were too many enemies!'

Objective numbers, comprehensive combat power, everything was unfavorable, and what was comforting was...

'Thanks to that, there's a lot of food.'

The fact that Kido could eat human flesh.

"This is getting old too."

When he pulled the arm of the corpse he was holding, the muscles fell off with a squeak.

Of course, the thief's group would also bring food from outside Andre, but the corpses of the masters were important to Kido, who was a predator.

'Schema's technique, outer gravity.'

New memories seeped into his head.

'So I could withstand the gravity. It's definitely an annoying technique.'

But now Kido could also use the schema.

'Schema, I learned it from human flesh.'

Even if it's the same experience, the image changes depending on the qualia (sensory quality), so you can't open the schema with just memories.

'Textbook?'

But if you combine the memories of dozens of top-notch people called the thief's group, the story changes.

Even if the perspective on the schema is different, there must be a common denominator.

"I have to end it here."

The thief's group would also know that the victory or defeat would be decided by the last one clash.

As Kido blocked the entrance of Andre by turning his leg and going, the thief's group was having their last meal.

It was all the crumbs of snacks picked up from outside, but it would be enough to squeeze out the last strength.

"......Have you made up your mind?"

Among the remaining six subordinates showing their will to live, the deputy chief stood up with his sword.

"The decision will be made here."

Kido's technique evolved incredibly quickly while decreasing from 40 to 7.

'I don't know why, but that goblin eats other people's experiences.'

Otherwise, there was no way to explain why his skills jumped every time his members died.

'If I had noticed a little earlier......'

It was a mistake to think that if you trapped him in a maze and drained his stamina, he would be exhausted.

Anyway, it was a past event, and if the remaining seven couldn't kill him with a total offensive, the thief's group would be annihilated.

As Kido, who accepted the will of the comrades, went out, the sound of the explosion outside Andre was heard in his ears.

'Lian.'

He's still fighting with the ghost.

'It must be hard......'

Unlike Kido, who could hide in the maze, he couldn't sleep or eat for six days.

'Just wait a little. I'm coming.'

As Kido, who made up his mind, took out a spear, the deputy chief approached with his sword spread out in a diagonal line.

"Where is the wizard?"

The thief's group couldn't find Shirone either.

"I don't know. Doesn't matter, right? Whether you guys die or I die, that's all that's left."

"That's true."

The deputy chief's sword aimed at Kido.

"Although you're a goblin, I respect your skills that pushed the thief's group to this point."

"Kick!"

A sneer came out naturally.

"So I don't like it."

Kido, who moved sideways following the rotating spear, blocked the entrance of Andre in an instant.

'I've gotten stronger.'

At the same time, he brought out all the skills of the seven thieves and rose up all at once.

"Respect, what, what......!"

Around Kido, who was rolling on the ground and swinging his spear, the incarnation of gravity was activated.
[Translated block]


"Stab at the same time! Don't hope to live!"

Seven people fell like lightning to Kido, who was scared and spun, and immediately one person's neck was cut off.

"Kill! Keep attacking!"

Kido, who was lying down with his left hand on the ground, jumped out swinging his right hand spear.

"Relativity! Quantum theory!"

The center of the double-edged spear was cut off by the vertically lowered sword of the vice-captain.

"What about the universe, what about God!"

As Kido, who held the divided spear with both hands, twisted his upper body, blood spurted out along his shoulders.

"Now! Just put it in!"

Kido, who was looking at the Maga Thieves rushing in a row, shouted holding the divided spear.

"Arrogant humans!"

As the illusion of the ground rising like a wave covered them as the incarnation of the underworld reached its peak.

"Avoid! If you avoid this, you win!"

Kido, who floated in the air as if lying down, rolled quickly on the ground, rotating his shoulders on both sides.

"With both legs on the ground..."

Six blades flew towards Kido like a flash of light.

"Why are you only looking at the sky!"

The two spears spinning like a windmill passed through the flash, drawing a circle.

"......"

At the point where the positions of the Maga Thieves and Kido were exactly reversed, everyone's actions stopped.

"Do you pay respect?"

"Cough!"

Starting with the opening of the vice-captain's chest, all the members spat out blood and fell to the ground.

"Losing a precious person."

Kido, who was sitting towards the entrance of Andre, dropped the divided spear on the ground.

"Isn't mourning for death enough......"

That was the love Kido realized.

'I have to go.'

Kido, who pushed strength into his fallen arms, grabbed the spear again and left the entrance of Andre.

The scenery where the sun rose on the sixth day after the battle began was truly terrible and horrible.

'Is this really......'

Is it a scene made by two humans fighting with their bodies.

'Six charcoal. It's almost bombed.'

There were no survivors in the place where the bodies of the tourists were scattered, and the buildings and the ground were scorched.

'Lian, wait a little.'

The moment Kido, who heard the explosion from afar, staggered out of the entrance of Andre.

"Huh?"

Blood flowing down from the forehead blocked the view, and he fell to the ground without even being able to bend his knees.

'Shiro Ne.'

Kido, who had annihilated the Maga Thieves alone, had now reached his physical limit.

'Be sure to live......'

Kido's consciousness was sucked into the darkness.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre-World No. 1583.

All four participants of White were stunned at Shiro Ne's suggestion to take out all the cards.

"Take out all the cards?"

Marco couldn't follow obediently, knowing that a sit-in in front of a wizard was useless.

"What kind of nonsense are you threatening now? In a legal battle, weapon cards are like life."

"I will accept the proposal."

Surprisingly, Ballard, who had shown the most hostility to Shiro Ne, obediently took out the card from his bosom.

The job of a guard gave a different touch than others, and the effect was considerable.

"I, I'll also accept the proposal."

When Breeze and Atria successively put out their cards, Marco gritted his teeth.

"......If you do this, the aftermath won't be good. Can you live with a white face?"

"That can be decided by voting."

Marco, who was properly countered, bowed his head as if resigned and took out all the cards he had.

"Nine in total."

Shiro Ne's expression was disappointed as he looked at the cards handed over by Breeze one by one.

"Why? There's an S-class card. It's precious enough to exchange with any card."

The card Ballard had been reluctant to show until the end was a picture of a man crying blood.

Red Tears (Function).
[Translated block]


Description: When you lose a precious person, there is nothing to see.

Effect: All job stats increase tenfold.

Even to Shiro, it was a tremendous effect.

'Kai......'

If Kai had a red, he could have deceived the enemies with the special ability of the magician.

"This is meaningless."

Shiro brought up the main point.

"The card I'm looking for is CPR. Have you ever used it or heard of anyone who has it?"

"CPR? That is......"

Breeze was lost in thought.

"Do you want to save someone? Maybe Black?"

"He's a kid who helped me. I made a mistake and killed him. I have to get CPR somehow."

Ballad grumbled.

"Do you think everything will be done if you want? It's over if it's not shuffled in the law of harmony. If you're not going to use it, give it to Red or me......"

Breeze cut off Ballad's words.

"There's not no way."

"What's the way?"

"The first is if CPR is shuffled. If Black has it, you can exchange it with Red. It's a card that must be obtained if you have a special ability, even though the basic stats are ten times better."

Even if you were a magician, you could turn ten cards into magic cards.

"The second is to use the space waste I had, although the probability is low if it's not shuffled."

"Space waste?"

Shiro, who couldn't find any important cards among the received cards, flipped through the nine cards one by one.

Space Waste (Consumption).

Description: Sometimes it's good to have an empty drawer.

Effect: You can get a slot of fortune by discarding a card of B grade or higher.

"Lucky slot? What's this card?"

"It's an effect that gives you an S-grade card at a low probability. Marco has a double action, so you can use it together to increase the probability."

Double Action (Consumption).

Description: If you're quick to judge, there's plenty of opportunity to make up for it.

Effect: Double the effect of a card of B grade or lower.

"So if you use Double Action and Space Waste at the same time, you can get two Lucky Slot cards."

"That's right. If you have a first aid card, you can get up to three, but I don't have it."

The effect of the first aid card was to regenerate once when a consumption card was used.

"To activate Space Waste, you need to discard one card of B grade or higher. Influenza or wild horse would be appropriate."

"Then I'll do this."

Shiro pulled out a card.

Influenza (Function).

Description: Be careful. Sometimes it's fatal.

Effect: When activated, the opponent's physical ability decreases by 10 percent. 3 percent chance of 90 percent decrease.

Special Note: Limited to one target.

"Activate."

Space Waste, Double Action, and Influenza cards simultaneously emitted light and transformed into new cards.

'This is a lucky slot.'

Shiro looked at the two Lucky Slot cards that looked exactly the same.

Lucky Slot (Consumption).

Description: Let's postpone the game for a while.

Effect: You have a 100 percent chance of getting a card of B grade or higher.

You have a 1 percent chance of getting an S-grade card.

"Activate."

As soon as Shiro used one, the four participants stood up at the same time and checked the card.

"What? What came out?"

It was a picture of skeletons in armor walking through a mud pit.

Return of the Magic Soldier (Summon).

Description: A veteran who survived the battle of hell. Morale is low and injured, but combat power is strong.

Effect: Summon 10 Magic Return Soldiers.

Marco snorted.

"Chet! That's it. It's the most useless in B grade. It's only suitable for defense because it's slow."

In a situation where one card was left, Breeze asked.

"What are you going to do? How about saving it and using it when you get a card with a first aid or copy effect?"
[Translated block]
"No, it's okay. Just keep spinning until it comes out."

Marco asked with a frown.

"What nonsense? With just a 1% chance......"

"Activate."

As the last remaining slot card of luck emitted a flash of light, the participants closed their mouths.

'Come out! Come out!'

As the card, which was gleaming as if it had been oiled, confirmed the B grade, Shirone's eyes bulged.

'Damn explosive trade!'
[Translated block]