


Two Gazes (4)

* * *

Labyrinth Andre - The first world.

Shirone's body began to spread into the world, emitting the radiance of a huge cross.

It was a sacrifice to revive countless beings that disappeared as history twisted.

'Past life, and life to be born.'

Everyone is precious.

Karatorusa, the dragon without a head, lowered his body, looking at Shirone who was gradually disappearing into the light.

"Because of you, we will exist."

Many dragons floating in the sky came down behind Karatorusa and mimicked his action.

"Because of you, we will exist."

Mitochondrial Eve shed tears.

"Shirone...."

With this, history would regain its place, and she could also become the empress of the empire in the future.

"Remember this light, Blitz."

Karatorusa told Blitz, who was capturing the particles of light filling the sky in his eyes.

"This is life."

Blitz didn't answer, but his current memory would endure the eternal time without being transformed.

Labyrinth Andre - The 283rd world.

As the punishment of God struck, the bodies of the army ants that invaded the Gannet Kingdom shattered.

"Ma, magician."

As Merot trembled with fear, Shirone comforted her.

"It's okay. There's nothing to be afraid of."

This world is someone's dream.

So, Shirone could close her eyes and turn away from all this at any moment.

'But....'

If even the desire for happiness is an illusion, what is the reason for being born in this world in the first place?

"Everything will be fine."

The place where Shirone, holding Merot, headed was the room where the queen, the owner of the Gannet Kingdom, was.

"The 13th night....!"

As they arrived at the entrance, Merot shouted.

"No one can approach!"

The 13th night, rolling on the floor while activating the fire god technique, had already lost half of its six legs.

"Yeah, I know."

Shirone lovingly looked at the 13th night, who was fighting a desperate battle against the powerful army ants.

To him, Gannet was just one of many individuals with similar biological information...

"That's why it exists."

We are destined to love those who resemble us, and thus we will continue to reach out to a wider world forever.

"Kuaaaaa!"

The scream of the 13th night, which burst out from the place surrounded by army ants, echoed in the cave.

Gannet, who couldn't escape from the queen's room, was just trembling in front of the death of her children.

'Pain. Terrible pain.'

Yet, we were bound to continue our journey for happiness, endlessly repeating consumption and reproduction.

'Yeah, that's how it should be.'

"Mother! Mother!"

As Merot rushed in, releasing the pheromone of anger, the 13th night, pressed by the army ants, screamed.

"Don't come! Get out of here!"

Merot had a mission to safely escape the colony and create a new colony.

Shirone understood the hearts of all of them.

'Even the life of a worm is no different.'

Immortal Function.

As Shirone's body emitted intense light, all the ants filled in the cave stopped fighting at once.

"This is...."

It was the light of life.

* * *

"What, what is it?"

As 19,000 crosses filled Andre's labyrinth, Kido looked around with a frightened expression.

"What's going on? Why all of a sudden?"

The really serious thing was that Shirone's body in the current labyrinth was also shining in the same form.

The holy sound finally realized.

'Does it mean that she was exploring all of Andre's worlds?'

If it was Shirone who ruled time as well as space, it wasn't impossible.

But it was shocking to think that she had surpassed her daily work while wandering through 19,000 worlds.

```
Please note that this is a machine translation and may not perfectly capture all nuances of the original text.
[Translated block]


"Oh no...! It's going to collapse!"

If numerous world entrances explode simultaneously, it was only a matter of time before the cave's ground collapsed.

'No, it's not at that level.'

Remembering why it was called a prison of space-time in the first place, it was bound to mix time and space chaotically.

"We have to escape first!"

Just as Sung-eum was about to cast an ether wave with wide-open eyes,

"Prison of space-time."

Nane murmured indifferently.

'McClain Gopin's defined 19,000 worlds.'

Nane, who swallowed Anke Ra's dream, could only vaguely assume about Gopin.

'It is being reintegrated.'

Nane moved in a situation that was impossible without fully realizing Gopin's intentions.

"What dream are you dreaming of?"

I couldn't help but ask.

"In this nightmare where only terrible destruction awaits, what kind of hope are you holding?"

Nane slowly reached out her hand.

"You must be wrong."

Final sermon.

The red sword containing the concept of annihilating the universe pierced the ceiling and plunged into the ground at the speed of light.

The vertical flash seemed to connect the ground and the sky, so the reaction was impossible.

"Kuk!"

The reason why Kido's groan was heard was because Nane's truth could not penetrate the ground.

"How?"

Nane's final sermon, the end, was trembling as if it was blocked by something just above the ground.

Sung-eum's head slowly turned.

"Shirone."

Looking at Shirone's body becoming clear like clear water, tears welled up in her eyes.

"Until the end......"

If Nane's car was perfect, there would be no life form in this universe that could deny his truth.

But the fact that the end did not stick meant that there was another opinion denying Nane's enlightenment.

"I want to live."

The life energy that Shirone is spreading was blocking Nane from reaching perfection.

Tears flowed down Sung-eum's cheeks.

"I was foolish."

Both the strong and the weak are just a dice game that endlessly circles the cycle of life.

That's why Shirone was blocking the destruction of the universe by sacrificing herself for life itself.

"No."

Sung-eum shook her head and sobbed.

"You can't leave like that, Shirone."

Although she was blocking Nane's truth with a brilliant will, Shirone was bound to spread infinitely.

"You're wrong, Shirone."

As Nane pressed her palm down, the final sermon began to wriggle terribly towards the ground.

"Kuk!"

At the same time, the light of the cross that Shirone was radiating became more intense, but this also only brought forward destruction.

"You can't save the world with a moment's hope."

If the pain of the world disappears just by loving something, Nane would have sacrificed his body thousands of times.

"Human emotions are just a mirage after all. Who will remember you?"

No one will commemorate Shirone because it is too natural for life to be alive.

"If you look from afar, they are just pushing each other's burdens and returning the pain."

They reincarnate infinitely, and that's why everyone is in pain.

"I will cut it off."

As Shirone's spirit faded, Nane's final sermon began to dig into the ground with a terrifying momentum.

"Is it the end......"

When Moon Kyung muttered with a pale face, Shirone's voice, which had now spread like smoke, was heard.

"Even if life has no meaning, I will protect life to the end in this nightmare."

"Why? What is the reason to exist while enduring pain in a world that ends when you close your eyes?"

"There's no such thing as a reason."

Isn't it enough just to love?

"We are......"

When Shirone's body, which had completely turned into light, disappeared, her voice echoed through space like a hallucination.
[Translated block]


- Because it exists without reason.

"No! Shirone!"

The sound ran and floundered in the space that had spread out into light, but nothing was caught.

"No reason?"

The existence that blocked Nane disappeared, but he did not perfectly slam the sermon to the end.

"Shirone, that's more than any truth I know...."

It was a wrong result.

"Is that enlightenment? Is that really Gepin's intention? Live without reason, die without reason, breed without reason, eat without reason?"

The answer did not come back.

It was frustrating for Nane, but for all those who knew Shirone, it was a sad sorrow.

Kido dropped his head.

"Is it over now."

"No."

On the other hand, Lian was still burning with fighting spirit and staring at the empty space where Shirone disappeared.

"There's no way he'll disappear like this."

Yacha's will was strong enough to deny reality, but he couldn't revive Shirone with Dinai.

"Give up. Shirone has become infinite."

The sound looked around the transparent air surrounding it with a sad look.

It's everywhere but nowhere, it's so big that it's perfectly soaked into the world.

Nane said.

"Don't be sad. This is also just a dream, so why should you exist to bear the sadness?"

Nane, who put his hand on the handle of the sermon to the end, pressed down hard with all his weight.

"This is the end."

It was a dizzying situation for anyone who saw the end of the universe, and Moon Kyung closed his eyes tightly.

"Why......"

Nane's voice was heard.

When everyone checked there, the sword of the end was slowly pushing Nane's palm and coming up.

"Why can't I pierce it?"

Nane's car was still not perfect.

"Are you still denying my truth?"

"Lian! There......!"

Kido pointed to the front, and the faint particles of light began to gather one by one.

"It's not over."

When the 2940th world exploded with a bang, more particles of light began to gather.

Then the 8765th world exploded, the 32nd world, the 10837th world, the 8546th world, the 4109th world......

Bang bang bang bang bang bang bang!

When 19,000 worlds were simultaneously liberated, the group of lights began to take the form of a person.

The sound said in a trembling voice.

"It's not one."

It was the immortal function that started from the three horses of the public, breaking each world and going upstream.

Kido cried with tears.

"Shironeeee!"

There is no will in the light.

Therefore, the reason why the phenomenon, which is nothing more than the aggregation of photons, can accurately assemble the shape of Shirone is......

"Hexa."

Because there is no cause.

"Kueeeeeee!"

The spirit that had spread to infinity was forming a body again, and Shirone made a painful expression.

"He's back! Shirone is back!"

It was good news for those who were waiting, but the process of being degraded from a winning spirit to a creature was terrible for the party.

'Eating and breeding.'

However, since it was already experienced, the process of equipping the system of creatures was more flexible than before.

"Nane, your heart to sympathize with the world is not wrong either. But we will exist to the end."

Sung-eum, who confirmed Shirone's clear eyes, shivered as if he could not understand.

"No, no way. That's......"

It's impossible.

Sung-eum, who is also an unlocker, knew better than anyone that a spirit expanded to infinity cannot return.

'No, just one......'

Sung-eum, who remembered the only way, stared at Shirone with a shocked expression.

The wizard of infinity.

```
"Kueeeeeee!"

The spirit that had spread infinitely was forming a body again, and Shirone made a painful expression.

"He's back! Shirone is back!"

It was good news for those who were waiting, but the process of being degraded from a winning spirit to a creature was terrible for the party.

'Eating and breeding.'

However, since it was already experienced, the process of equipping the system of creatures was more flexible than before.

"Nane, your heart to sympathize with the world is not wrong either. But we will exist to the end."

Sung-eum, who confirmed Shirone's clear eyes, shivered as if he could not understand.

"No, no way. That's......"

It's impossible.

Sung-eum, who is also an unlocker, knew better than anyone that a spirit expanded to infinity cannot return.

'No, just one......'

Sung-eum, who remembered the only way, stared at Shirone with a shocked expression.

The wizard of infinity.

```
[Translated block]