


[759] Possibility (1)

Minerva and Jaycee, who infiltrated the 48th military facility, paved the way by ruthlessly killing the garrison.

From the beginning, Jaycee had volunteered to guide, but there was no need because no one could approach Minerva.

"Save me, please...!"

Just by the aura of death that Minerva exuded, the soldiers fell on the spot and died groaning in pain.

'The Five Castles of the Ivory Tower.'

Jaycee also lived with pride in his own realm as a non-public 3rd class archmage, but it was a completely different dimension.

'I haven't even seen magic yet.'

Minerva, who crushed the army with just her aura, moved to the laboratory in the central office.

"Just a moment!"

Jaycee hastily shouted.

"This is where the Garas prototype is! The moment it's opened, it's going to be chaos."

"There is no prototype for Garas. To be precise, no one knows the prototype. Because they are the ones who destroy the system of creatures."

"That's why it's more dangerous. It's a different dimension from the mutant watchdog that has been raised to the level of species. It will breed anything it sees."

"It doesn't matter. Open it."

Jaycee couldn't defy her words and eventually unlocked the iron gate.

Another iron gate appeared and when it was opened, the prison holding Garas was revealed.

"Grrr! Grrr!"

As Minerva stepped forward, the grotesque voices of Garas echoed from all sides.

'It's the first time I've been so excited.'

Jaycee was shivering and following her when Minerva stopped in the middle of the warehouse.

"They must have smelled the witch. It's the most powerful aphrodisiac for them than any other drug."

"Should we open them one by one and get rid of them?"

"No."

Minerva, who had her eyes half-open, swung her jet and her body transformed into the shape of a young girl.

"Come here, my lovely children."

As soon as the words fell, dozens of iron gates were torn open with a bang.

"Kyaaaaa!"

The face of Jaycee, who had watched what kind of species Garas was through experiments, lost its color.

'She won, after all.'

Unlike the mutant watchdog, Garas' desire even surpassed Minerva's vitality.

But Minerva was still half-closed her eyes and just stared at the front.

'The fate of becoming a witch.'

By the time she realized that she couldn't escape, her body and mind were already in tatters.

"If this is my destiny, I have no choice but to accept it willingly."

Dozens of Garas attacked her.

"Miss Minerva!"

Jaycee, who had judged that it was already late, turned around to run away, but something surprising happened.

"Kwak! Kwaaa!"

The entangled Garas began to bubble like oil, and the number gradually decreased.

"The breath of a witch."

Minerva, who had been biting a cigar, blew out smoke and emerged through the gaps of Garas.

"How did you do that?"

"I just let them enjoy themselves. With each other."

As far as Jaycee knew, Garas' breeding desire was the pinnacle of creatures, but they never combined with the same species.

"Is the sexual desire 100,000 times that of a human? Then it's probably about 100 million times now. At that level, there's nothing to see."

"100 million times...."

The lumped figure looked like a lump of black oil, and many mutants were born and disappeared repeatedly.

Minerva watched indifferently and said.

"The system of creatures consists of reproduction and predation. Garas maximizes the compatibility of the reproductive system and has the property of expanding to the entire ecosystem. But what if they combine with the same species?"

When Jaycee looked back, Minerva raised her finger.

"In the end, evolution is impossible. After repeating numerous mutations among themselves, what they choose is stability. And that means...."

"Returning to the prototype."

Minerva watched without answering, and finally, what appeared before their eyes was a black sphere about 1 meter in diameter.
[Translated block]


It was as if a sphere trapped in a membrane like a tadpole's egg vibrated and then split in the middle, dividing into two.

"Cell...."

As the division progressed, the size of the black sphere decreased and the number increased exponentially.

When the number of cells exceeded 40 trillion in the cycle, the shape of a person finally appeared.

"I wanted to meet you once. Argones."

The father of all life forms in the universe.

Also, the mother-like star called Argones a biological program early on.

When Argones' mouth opened, the mucus blocking the throat was removed and the voice was heard.

"You wanted to meet me."

There was no high or low tone in the voice, as if a person who didn't know the language was just spitting out the sound.

Minerva didn't care.

"Ankera disappeared. It's impossible without your involvement. What are you up to?"

If it really is a biological program, Argones must have provided the body of Ankera.

"I don't do anything. I spread life widely. I fill the space with more entities, even where there is no sun."

"You're a very diligent public servant. The world might be completely closed soon."

"It doesn't matter, my daughter."

Minerva's eyebrows twitched.

"You are the lowest probability and the core probability among the things created by me. Kill as you wish, and give birth as you wish. That's the meaning of the probability you have."

"I'm not made by your needs."

"It doesn't matter how you think. I didn't make you either. You just received the choice of probability."

"You son of a bitch."

Fire rose in Minerva's eyes.

"Do you think that's the reason for the pain I've suffered?"

"Mutations are removed."

Argones' body became thin like a corpse and seeped into the floor.

"It's dangerous!"

From the walls around, Argones, who had turned into mucus, jumped out and attacked Minerva and Jayce.

"Mucus."

There was no one in the place where the mucus wave was rushing, and Minerva, who had thrown her body into the corner, stabbed Jet into the ground.

"Breath of destruction."

Black smoke rose at a terrifying speed as if time was fast-forwarded around Minerva.

Jayce, who was standing behind her, sensed the power and cast a defensive spell at the same time as the smoke exploded and spread forward.

Kururururururung!

From the place hidden by the black smoke, the sound of the building collapsing was heard, and then it grew uncontrollably.

'How far is it....'

When the smoke of magic disappeared and the view finally opened, Jayce shivered.

The first magic of Minerva Minerva she confirmed was to turn all the scenery in sight into ashes.

'This is not magic. It's a disaster.'

There was nothing that came up on the ground in the 200-meter front spread in a fan shape, and only the mounds of dark ashes were piled up.

"Damn, it's annoying."

Minerva, who had returned to her adult form, twirled Jet and looked back at Jayce.

"Let's go. There's one more thing to check."

She just nodded her head without being able to put any words in her mouth.

'If it's her....'

She must have been able to take the best revenge on the North Emond Republic, which killed her husband.

* * *

"Let go! Let me go! I'm telling you to send me home!"

Basato realized what situation he was in by looking at the only structure reflected in front of his eyes.

A shabby hut.

It was called the eternal hut by the laborers, a place where you could never get out once you entered.

"I've done everything you asked! Why the hell... Cough!"

The soldier hit the back of Basato's head hard with the handle of the military knife.

"If you're going to lie down, lie down, you talk a lot. Don't struggle and stay inside."

It was a problem to do the job too well.

This was the conclusion drawn by the soldiers who recognized Basato's ability to judge coolly in a crisis situation.

"Let go! Let me go! I'm telling you to send me home!"

Basato realized what situation he was in by looking at the only structure reflected in front of his eyes.

A shabby hut.

It was called the eternal hut by the laborers, a place where you could never get out once you entered.

"I've done everything you asked! Why the hell... Cough!"

The soldier hit the back of Basato's head hard with the handle of the military knife.

"If you're going to lie down, lie down, you talk a lot. Don't struggle and stay inside."

It was a problem to do the job too well.

This was the conclusion drawn by the soldiers who recognized Basato's ability to judge coolly in a crisis situation.
[Translated block]


"You are fixed from today."

"What did I do wrong, you brats!"

Another dull shock was inflicted, and the soldiers grabbed Vasco's neck and threw him into the hut.

"Know your luck. Other laborers can't even dream of a single house, and they can eat regularly."

It meant to eat like a dog in a solitary cell where there was no means of suicide.

"Damn kids...!"

If he were with the laborers, he would have asked to strangle his neck after tying his limbs.

"Send me home. Please send me home..."

Vasco, who was sobbing in the corner of the hut, raised his head when he felt a presence.

"What...!"

As if there were stairs in the basement, Shiroe was coming up through the floor of the hut.

"Phew, I finally found it."

The law of Zion, which covers the entire world, had holes here and there to maximize efficiency.

"Heek! Ghost, ghost!"

Vasco rubbed his back against the wall where there was no retreat, and flapped his legs.

It seemed that the grim reaper had finally come to pick him up after suffering many terrible things.

"Shh."

Shiroe, who calmed Vasco with his hand on his lips, looked at the outside situation and then asked.

"Are you Verdi's father?"

The look of fear in Vasco's eyes changed dramatically and he rushed in.

"How do you know Verdi? Family, where is our family? Answer me! What the hell did you do to my daughter...!"

It seemed to think that he had taken his family hostage.

"Everyone is safe. I heard from Mr. Albas and came. Let's get out of here together."

"Al, Albas? Was he alive?"

Relief was in Vasco's eyes.

"I'll take you to your family. Hide in a safe place until you finish the work here."

"Finish what? This is a dictatorship ruled by President Igor."

The ivory tower's five castles were super-national entities.

"I have a way. Let's get out first. In case the soldiers rush in..."

Shiroe stopped talking and pricked up his ears.

"What?"

A roar erupted outside the hut, and the screams of people echoed everywhere.

"Just... no, follow me!"

Judging from the scale of the explosion, it seemed more dangerous to hide inside the building.

When he opened the door and went out, the demons who had completely eroded the space were slaughtering soldiers and laborers.

"Honey! Verdi!"

When Vasco was rolling his feet, Shiroe hugged him and cast a teleport.

"It's dangerous!"

A fireball exploded.

Shiroe turned his head and saw a woman in a North Emond military uniform casting a spell.

'Why the same side?'

It was a North spy, Jacy.

"Hmm! Quite......!"

Jacy, who had avoided the fireball and caught Shiroe in her eye, cast a fly spell and rushed in.

There was no sincere colleague for a spy, and everyone here was her enemy.

'I'll kill you all! Disgusting guys!'

After dedicating her youth and six years of infiltration life, what came back was the death of her only family, her husband.

"You guys feel the same!"

Minerva, who had nothing rough and was riding on her back, cast an invisible spell.

It was a situation where it was safe to say that he was already dead if he relied on his eyes, but...

'It's this way!'

Shiroe's senses were three levels higher than humans, and the photon cannon accurately captured the target.

'How do I...?'

Jacy was dizzy.

'Press!'

The experience of a third-class great magician compressed the air to form a high-intensity curtain.

Bang!

The shock of the photon cannon vibrated the press, which was harder than rebar, and hit Jacy's abdomen.

"Ker!"

Jacy, whose invisible magic was released, realized that she was being pushed somewhere by the shock wave without knowing where she was.

'He's not just a magician.'

It was a shock she had never experienced in her life.
[Translated block]