
The definition of life (2)

The plateau of corruption.

A strong wind blew over the barren plain, carrying a thick sulfur smell.

There was not a single blade of grass on the empty ground, and dark clouds stretched to the horizon, spitting out lightning.

It was a dry, dismal, and nothing place.

The 3rd Special Operations Unit crashed down in light. It was a violent landing that was incomparable to the elyzer they had experienced so far.

Feeling a force that bounced him off, Shirone rolled on the ground.

"Ow, my head. Senior, are you okay?"

Shirone opened his eyes wide at the sight around him.

Eight rectangular panels, four meters high, were erected in eight directions. Beyond the panels, there were densely packed thorns that were two meters long as far as the eye could see.

As lightning struck, a powerful electric current flowed through the ground and exploded light on the inside of the panel that surrounded them.

"This is..."

A member said.

"This is not a natural area where light gathers. It's a device that collects light artificially."

"Did the Mecha people make it?"

"No one knows who made it. It existed before the people of heaven lived in heaven. Only angels would know what happened in this forsaken land."

Thunder struck again.

As lightning split into thousands of branches and was absorbed into the ground, the ground glowed blue like boiling insects.

A powerful backlight was born from the panel with a bang, and Shirone squinted his eyes and gave instructions.

"Let's get out of here for now. It could be dangerous if we stay here any longer."

The 3rd Special Operations Unit escaped from the lightning area, avoiding tens of thousands of thorns.

They all had the ability to fly in the sky, but in this environment, the air was a dangerous place.

The place they arrived at was a crater located four kilometers away from the light source.

As if something had fallen at a terrible speed, the ground was sunken.

When they went down to the center and swept the ground, a steel plate appeared. Something seemed to be buried deep in the ground.

"So this is why it's called the angel's tomb."

"That's right. For centuries, countless heretics have tried to excavate this ruin. But it was all in vain."

The member pointed around.

"Some even tried to dig up the whole area. But once you dig into a certain point, you get electrocuted by the current. There is also a record that hundreds of people were killed at that time."

"So we have to break this seal."

Shirone looked closely at the steel plate.

It was Hena, the language of angels, even though it had a different shape.

So maybe Nephilim could open it. No, maybe he would.

Shirone looked back at Flu.

There was no problem going into Immortal Function, but from now on it was an unknown territory.

"Let's open it. If it's dangerous, we can just leave right away."

Flu wanted to go in.

The fact that heretics had risked their lives for centuries to excavate this place meant that there was something of value buried in the ground.

Besides, Shirone had Mess Teleport, which could leave immediately, so he wouldn't be easily caught.

"Then I'll start."

As he opened Immortal Function and touched the steel plate, Hena shone and a huge beam of light radiated toward the sky in a radial shape.

As the members stepped back, a rumble from deep underground reached their feet through the ground.

"Damn! Let's get some distance for now."

As the member said with a stiff expression, Shirone also flew out of the crater without hesitation.

Cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo!

The steel plate vibrated and something began to rise as a huge amount of soil poured down below.

"What is that?"

The 3rd Special Operations Unit looked at the steel tower that kept rising.

What sprang from the ground was a huge bell-shaped structure with Hena filled on its sturdy metal surface.

The structure split in half below 3 meters high and an exit opened.

After waiting for a while, Shirone landed in front of the structure as there was no sign of anything wrong.
[Translated block]


```text
There was a letter engraved on a steel plate above the entrance that was swallowing the darkness.

Since it wasn't Hena, Shirone floated a drone and tried to decipher it. The interpretation was transmitted to his head via radio waves.

Babel.

"Ba...bel?"

The members muttered at the same time.

Only that word was not the language of angels, but the language of Shinmin.

Plu asked the members, looking around.

"What does Babel mean?"

"I don't know. It's Shinmin's language, but it's the first word we've ever heard."

It wasn't particularly helpful information.

"Shirone, what are you going to do now?"

"Let's go in. Anyway, exploration is our goal."

Shirone, who moved first like a leader, cast Shining magic and entered the entrance.

There were stairs going down, and as they went down endlessly, a corridor followed.

As soon as they stepped on the first step, the lights installed at intervals of 1 meter turned on and stretched toward the darkness.

Shirone stared blankly at the scene.

It's stretching endlessly. Judging by the distance, the size of the structure that had risen above the ground was only a tip of an iceberg.

The place they arrived along the road was a circular space, and there was a letter engraved on a steel plate above the entrance that said control room in Shinmin's language.

"Hmm, control room. I can understand this."

No one laughed at the member's joke and everyone went inside.

As soon as the light turned on, devices that could only be seen in the Great World War of Jebul were connected by wires.

Beyond the device was a huge conical pillar. There was another pillar of the same shape coming down from the ceiling, and between the two vertices there was something like a lump of electricity moving.

"That, that is...!"

The members lost their words with shocked expressions.

A ray of light that can't keep the same shape for a moment and shakes.

It was known to be impossible to collect in a pure natural state, but it was clearly an elemental of electricity.

Plu touched his chin from afar and said.

"Hmm, what is that? Is it the power source of this place?"

'You're stupid. That's not such a trivial thing.'

The members all scoffed at Plu's foolishness.

What they were looking at now was a peculiarity of the Corrupted Plateau where lightning strikes every day, a device that collects it on a huge scale, and an elemental of electricity that is one of the rarest in hell created by adding ancient times that transcend time.

The members exchanged cautious glances.

There were self-imposed regulations applied to them who often went on dispatches to other places due to their unit characteristics.

In case of obtaining a special item during a mission, the highest person in charge decides how to deal with it, and it is a principle to distribute compensation according to the degree of mission achievement.

It was impossible for these things to be followed on site, but there was no other way to exert more restraint than this.

'That's mine.'

The members had the same thought.

Since they haven't properly carried out their mission yet, according to the regulations, they have to hand over the precious elemental of electricity to Shirone without any fuss.

If it were any other item, they wouldn't care, but an elemental of electricity was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that even half of their lives couldn't catch.

"Let's check first!"

He ran out with an absurd excuse.

"Wait! If you approach recklessly...!"

Before Plu's words were over, he ran towards an elemental of electricity and reached out his hand to make a contract.

'I did it. With this I can...!'

Has there ever been a time in his life when his heart beat so fast?

The tremendous expectation paralyzed his brain enough to give him a thrill.

"I'll make a contract!"

At the same time as he shouted, beads were shot from both walls.

When he reflexively covered his face, pop pop pop! The noise exploded one after another and his body shook.

"Keeeuuuu...!"

Shirone looked around with a surprised expression.

The surface of the steel wall was hollowed out with embossing as many as beads popped out.

Nevertheless, there was not a single bead around him.
```
[Translated block]
I didn't attack because I was shocked. I recognized the code pattern in the golems' eyes. They were using the same technology as my father's lab. They were scanning my iris to identify me as a Nephilim.

"Your father's lab? What are you talking about?" Plu asked, confused.

"My father is a scientist who works for Babel. He was researching artificial intelligence and robotics. He was trying to create a new generation of golems that could think and feel like humans. But something went wrong and he disappeared. I think these golems are his creations."

"Wait, wait, wait. You're saying your father works for Babel? The same Babel that we're trying to destroy? And you're a Nephilim? How come you never told us this before?" Plu demanded, his voice rising.

"I'm sorry, I didn't want to cause trouble. I joined your group because I wanted to find out what happened to my father. I thought he might be here, in the control room. But I didn't expect to see his golems here. They must have recognized me as his daughter and stopped attacking."

"That's... that's unbelievable. Do you realize how dangerous this is? If Babel finds out that you're a Nephilim, they'll capture you and use you for their experiments. They'll try to unlock the secrets of your blood and use it to create more powerful weapons. You're a walking target, Sydney."

"I know, I know. But please, don't hate me. I'm still your friend, right? I didn't mean to lie to you. I just wanted to find my father and stop Babel from doing more harm."

Sydney looked at Plu with pleading eyes, hoping he would understand her situation.

Plu sighed and shook his head.

"I don't hate you, Sydney. But you should have told us the truth from the start. We're a team, we trust each other. We can't afford to have secrets like this."

He looked around at the other members of the group, who were still stunned by Sydney's revelation.

"What do you guys think? Should we trust her or not?"
[Translated block]


The truth is, Shirone was also thinking about it. Why didn't he feel threatened by the golem?

'Just like that time...'

When Behemoth merged with the avatar, his physical memory disappeared, but a sense of integration remained, and it was the same now. It was not a language, but some emotion that conveyed the situation.

"Senior, I don't know why..."

Shirone looked at Flue with a blank expression.

"I... think I've been here before."
[Translated block]