


[597] Cube of Time (4)

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: 2 hours 32 minutes.

Space: Warehouse No. 19.

The warehouse of destiny, No. 19.

If someone remembered the records of the upper part of Istas, they would have called it that.

After Hexa died to Lucang, Yolga wandered around looking for Miro, who had left his seat.

'Nothing is over yet.'

Miro will find a solution somehow.

'Because he's that kind of person.'

Some people put Miro and Yolga on the same line, but to her, Miro was a younger brother she could respect.

-Miro will save this world in the future.

The reason she could be calm even with the confession of a boy she met in the upper part was because of that.

"You're here."

The warehouse door opened and Nickel, the captain of Mars, came in.

His subordinates were not moving, but fatigue was clinging to his body.

"Mr. Nickel."

"I confirmed the child's death."

"Yes. If the case is concluded like this, peace will come back to humanity."

Unlike Yolga, who was worried about Miro, Mars had a mission to protect the kingdom when he came here.

"You've worked hard."

So, Nickel had another event to happen before the case was concluded.

"It's nothing. If it weren't for the sacrifice of the Mars members, it would have been impossible."

Yolga smiled, but her eyes were still sad.

"......By any chance, is there really no way to escape?"

Yes.

Because all of this was led by Geopin, Miro achieving his goal and returning to the world was his plan.

"The coordinates are messed up. Whether we can find the exit."

If the event of the closed curve circulates one round as it is, everyone had to become a ghost of Istas.

"I see."

Nickel, lost in thought, solemnly put his hand on his chest and said.

"Thank you on behalf of the kingdom."

Yolga looked into Nickel's eyes for a long time.

"Don't mention it."

But she was not a person who calculated emotions.

"Rather, I should......"

The moment Yolga bowed her head to Nickel, a single dagger was stuck in Yolga's heart.

"Even the white piece of the kingdom. You won't survive either."

A wicked assassination weapon that turns the blood of the whole body white by melting the blade when it enters the body.

Yolga's last words were a bucket of blood she vomited.

"Yolga!"

Edgar hit Nickel's head sideways and Mustang held Yolga, who was falling, in his arms.

It was after she had stopped breathing.

In the cruel situation where Nickel repaid Yolga's sincerity with murder, the eyes of her colleagues were bloodshot.

"You......!"

Half of Nickel's face had already flown away, but as the captain of Mars, he was still breathing.

"Why did you kill her?"

Yolga's ideology was dangerous to the monarchy.

"This bastard!"

When Edgar approached to cut off his breath, Mustang saw Nickel's eyes and shouted.

"Back off!"

Another piece of Nickel's, a magic bomb Expos, came out of his arms.

"Long live the Kingdom of Torumia!"

Before the sword thrown by Nine reached, the glass ball of Expos broke and a local magic storm swept away.

The heat wave that burns life was made with the blood of countless races and the sacrifices of magicians that cannot be converted into money.

When the terrifying blue light swept away and disappeared, Yolga's colleagues, who had lost their breath, were lying on the floor with a sad face.

"......So it happened."

The warehouse door opened and Fermi came in.

Even in front of the death of her mother, and the uncle and aunt who adored her so much, Fermi did not waver.

'Coldly, coolly.'

The place he turned his body was warehouse No. 44 where the safe was.

"To bypass time......"

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;
[Translated block]


Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.

Space: Supernatural Spirit Science Research Association.

In the arms of Miro, who returned to Istas through the door of Geopin, the prince of Kazura was asleep.

Shirone's mind was still not good following him, but it was a choice he had to make in the end.

"Shirone, you don't need to think complicatedly."

Miro said.

"You are my future now. Go back with the secrets of the upper part. Then you just have to do what you can do there."

Then the door opened and Yolga came in.

'It's finally happening.'

Shirone was nervous about meeting another self, but there was no one else beside her colleagues.

'The incident twisted again.'

Then who on earth sent Yolga here?

"Miro, who is the child you are holding now?"

Miro's eyebrows twitched.

'I know. Who on earth?'

Even if he met in another time zone, it was not a matter to be leaked to Yolga.

"He's the prince of Kazura. Hexa no longer exists here. So you should give up too."

"No."

Yolga's gaze turned to Geopin's door.

The dimension must have been connected until the closed curve was completely closed.

"I can turn it back now."

"You can't turn it back. As long as I am."

"Miro, don't say it's just a few people's sacrifice. This is a matter of denying the value of all humans. If we can't choose our future, we will eventually perish."

Yolga's insight was looking over 10,000 years after 100 years, 1,000 years.

"You can't make history that relies on everything to one transcendent for humans."

"Geopin fought for humans."

"But he is not our god. Let us choose. That's the only way humans can be infinite."

"If you can't stop it now, there is no future. I can sacrifice everything instead of Geopin's will."

As expected, there was no compromise, and Yolga said softly with strength in her eyes.

"I won't let that happen."

Miro turned around and said.

"Protect Geopin's door."

The moment Yolga's colleagues moved, Shirone and Anchar blocked the door.

'Is it really the right thing?'

Shirone saw reason in both people's words.

That's what life is, and that's why choice might be punishment.

'Don't waver. You just have to do what you think is right.'

Gauld did, Zulu did, and Flu did.

'That's a wizard.'

I decided to trust Miro.

I didn't know why, but she sent Hexa back to the original world without confining him to the wall of dimensions.

That was the only light of hope that led Shirone.

"It's too late, sister."

Miro floated the prince of Kazura and then put him down in the corner.

"Do you want me to kill you if you want to kill me?"

There was no reason for Miro to risk his life to protect the prince of Kazura, who had switched with Hexa.

"That's because it's a sacrifice."

A huge statue of Kannon flickered in Miro's eyes, and a huge statue of Kannon that could not be seen so far bloomed.

"It will be different from now on."

Maria's statue also bloomed from Yolga's body.

"Even if it's Kannon, you can't break my statue."

"If it's Saint Maria."

When Miro's hands crossed, the palms of Kannon overlapped hundreds of times and fell on Yolga's head.

"Are you still getting hit?"

Cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo!

At the same time as the warehouse shook, Yolga's colleagues rushed to Geopin's door.

"I'll take care of the woman. Protect the door."

Anchar lured Mustang, and Edogawa Nine attacked Shirone from left and right, who was left alone.

With Armand's sensitive nerves, Shirone, who figured out the line of sight, exhaled heavily.

"Hoohoo!"

The spirit of a wizard who added one more opinion for the future of mankind was no longer shaken.

'Antithesis!'

It was decided to trust Miro.

I didn't know why, but she sent Hexa back to the original world without confining him to the wall of dimensions.

That was the only light of hope that led Shirone.

"It's too late, sister."

Miro floated the prince of Kazura and then put him down in the corner.

"Do you want me to kill you if you want to kill me?"

There was no reason for Miro to risk his life to protect the prince of Kazura, who had switched with Hexa.

"That's because it's a sacrifice."

A huge statue of Kannon flickered in Miro's eyes, and a huge statue of Kannon that could not be seen so far bloomed.

"It will be different from now on."

Maria's statue also bloomed from Yolga's body.

"Even if it's Kannon, you can't break my statue."

"If it's Saint Maria."

When Miro's hands crossed, the palms of Kannon overlapped hundreds of times and fell on Yolga's head.

"Are you still getting hit?"

Cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo!

At the same time as the warehouse shook, Yolga's colleagues rushed to Geopin's door.

"I'll take care of the woman. Protect the door."

Anchar lured Mustang, and Edogawa Nine attacked Shirone from left and right, who was left alone.

With Armand's sensitive nerves, Shirone, who figured out the line of sight, exhaled heavily.

"Hoohoo!"

The spirit of a wizard who added one more opinion for the future of mankind was no longer shaken.

'Antithesis!'
[Translated block]


The artificial brain, Akamai's eyes, changed, and Edgawa Nine's body stiffened as it approached.

"Kruk!"

The will to act was momentarily restrained, and the boundary line disappeared in Shirone's spirit zone.

Elysion-Sona Explosion.

A light was born inside Edgawa Nine's body and began to swell rapidly.

'It's ridiculous!'

No spirit zone can cause a phenomenon inside a creature with its own mind.

However, since Shirone had no boundary line of mind, it was enough to cast it on the space itself.

'This is instant death if you get caught!'

No matter what the world was, there was no room to withstand if an explosion occurred inside, so Edgawa Nine barely escaped the antithesis by activating a desperate schema.

It could be said that it was a great skill just by that, but it was impossible to completely avoid the exploding mass wave.

Two sonic booms exploded in succession, and the bodies of the two flew to the wall.

Edgawa's mechanical arm was smashed, and Nine suffered severe internal damage.

Mustang, who was fighting fiercely with Anzhal, looked back at Shirone as if he couldn't believe it, and Yolga also trembled in the state of Saint Maria.

"How..."

It was not because he saw something different.

Rather, it was a shock that a phenomenon that was too familiar, but no one could imitate, unfolded before his eyes.

"Gepin's Ultima System?"

Miro shrugged his shoulders as if it was natural.

"That kid is the future Hexa."

Yolga's eyes shook with shock as she looked at Shirone.

* * *

As Raikon, who was betrayed by Fermi, changed his behavior, Lucang died again with his lower body collapsed to Miro.

Yolga's kiss was a bonus.

So they left Lucang's corpse behind and set out to find Miro again, and Fermi appeared in front of them.

&lt;Event coordinates&gt;

Time: 1 hour 10 minutes.

Space: Warehouse 65.

"Who are you?"

"I'm a merchant. I smell money here."

Yolga stared at the face of the young man who smelled familiar, and then smiled.

"Merchants are everywhere."

Mustang said.

"You look like Fermi."

Yolga asked at the bone-breaking words.

"Can I know your name?"

"Coincidentally, my name is Fermi too."

Fermi scratched his head and approached and asked.

"Do you also have a Fermi you know?"

"Yes. She is the most precious person to me."

Fermi secretly bit and tore the flesh inside his lower lip.

If Yolga doesn't shake, he can't shake either.

"So, did you find something that would make money?"

Fermi took out dozens of &lt;The Last Scream of the Yeager Family&gt; he had pocketed.

"Yes, quite a bit. With this, I can make hundreds of billions of gold in no time."

Yolga stared at Fermi's smile.

"How long have you been here?"

"There's no clock here. It seems like it's been quite a while in biological time."

Yolga's question always pierced the core, so Fermi hurriedly changed the subject.

"Take it. It's a deal."

When he handed over the bag containing the objet, Yolga obediently took it and checked the contents.

"It's a good thing. It's a replica."

The reason Fermi chose &lt;The Last Scream of the Yeager Family&gt; as the item to take to the upper layer was not a coincidence.

Although he didn't say it, Yolga must have known it already, and she shook her head awkwardly.

"I've received dozens of lives, but I don't have the ability to pay that much."

"I don't need money. I already have enough. I'm pretty good at hand, you know."

Yolga laughed as if she was happy.

"You're really amazing. Then what do you want from me?"

"I have one thing I want to ask. It's worth getting advice from a great wizard."
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]