


[182] 4. The Reversal of the Law (3)

As they advanced 10 meters, the smell of blood became stronger.

It was the moment when Tess, who was tense, was about to tell Shirone to slow down.

Suddenly, the cave shook and blunt pillars popped out of the wall. The speed and size were enough to crush a human.

Shirone's party reflexively backed away.

Looking at them from a distance, they were even more bizarre. Dozens of pillars that popped out of the cave wall were crossed.

"Are you okay? Is anyone hurt?"

Shirone shouted and Amy's answer was heard.

"Yeah. I don't think so. Shirone, are you?"

"I'm fine too. Was it a trap?"

"No. There are no traces of artificial modification in the cave. Besides, the activation point is too fast for a trap."

Tess was right. If they really wanted to kill them, they would have lured them to a point where they couldn't avoid it and then activated the trap. But the pillars popped out in front of them as if their purpose was to suppress their approach.

"If it's not a trap, what is it?"

A boy's voice came from the end of the cave.

"Reveal your identity! I won't miss this time!"

Shirone held out Shining and lit up the inside.

A boy who looked like a similar age was squatting with both hands on the ground. Behind him was a hairy man with a strong impression sitting with his legs stretched out, but blood was visible through the gaps between his fingers covering his stomach.

It was Gardrak, the guide of Nor's shelter.

Gardrak, who looked at Shirone's party, said to his disciple.

"Clove, I told you not to use earth magic in the cave. If the ceiling collapses, we'll die too."

Clove slowly got up after hearing his master's words. Still, his wary eyes did not disappear.

Shirone felt a familiar feeling as if he had come to the original world from their conversation. He did not understand Nor's language, but the pronunciation and accent were similar to continental common language.

Kanya approached them and spoke in Nor's language.

"Are you Nor? I've been looking for you."

"Ho ho? I see you're arrogant new people. Well, what business do you have with Mechajok who hate exploration and adventure so much?"

"That's because we're going to Nor's shelter...."

Kanya stopped talking and looked at Gardrak's condition. It was because his mouth was smiling but his complexion was pale.

Blood was flowing from his stomach.

It was strange. What could have happened in the Valley of the Whirlwind Snake where only one law existed?

"Are you hurt? Did the whirlwind snake...."

"No, it's not the law. I got hit by Kergo."

The word Kergo caught Shirone's party's ears. At first he thought he had heard it wrong, but Kanya pulled up Nor's language to the surface and their conversation began to be translated.

"Kergo? They came hunting here?"

"This is not a place where heretics live, so there is no hunting. They seem to have targeted us on purpose. Fortunately, I avoided fatal injuries, but I don't know what will happen if bleeding continues."

Shirone intervened in their conversation.

"Did you just say Kergo? What did they do?"

"Kergo is also one of the new people's races. The Valley of the Whirlwind Snake is a safe place where no monsters live, but it is also a route that heretics often visit to go to Nor's shelter. There are other hunters in such places."

"So Kergo hunts heretics."

"Probably they will catch up soon. They have good tracking skills. Besides, they use giant technology too. It's not a problem for them to find this place by smell like Tess."

Shirone guessed that giant technology was Schema. Then they had no time to talk here.

Arin tried telepathy directly with Norin.

"Can you take us to Nor's shelter?"

Gardrak and Clove's expressions changed absurdly. They understood the meaning even though they couldn't understand the language.

"What are these kids? Is it fairy power?"

"No, they are people from the land of earth. They use magic like you do. Actually, I don't know if it
[Translated block]
"This magic? It's called the Pillar of Wrath. It's one of the most powerful spells in the Nohr arsenal. It can crush anything in its path with a single blow. You should be grateful that I didn't use it on you, you fake humans."

Klov sneered at the group of strangers who had come from the land of shadows. He had no respect for them, even though they had helped him and his master escape from the prison.

He was about to say more, but he was interrupted by a loud explosion. The wall behind them had collapsed, and a horde of mecha soldiers poured in. They were armed with guns and blades, and their eyes glowed with a sinister red light.

"Damn it! They found us! We have to get out of here, now!"

Klov grabbed his backpack and ran towards the exit. He didn't bother to wait for the others, or to help his master, who was still wounded from the previous battle.

"Klov, you idiot! Don't leave me behind!"

Gardrak shouted after his apprentice, but he was too weak to follow him. He looked at the group of strangers with a pleading expression.

"Please, help me. I know you don't owe me anything, but I can't survive without Klov. He's the only one who knows the way to the Nohr shelter. If you help me, I'll tell you everything I know about this place. And maybe... maybe I can teach you some magic too."

He hoped that they would agree, even though they had no reason to trust him. He knew that they were curious about this world, and that they had some potential for magic. He could sense it in their aura.

He also knew that they were his only chance to escape from this hell.
[Translated block]


"Haha! What, you can't do it? This is ridiculous. Earth magic is the basic of the basics."

He said that and winked at Amy.

"I could teach you if you want."

"No thanks. I don't want to make my friends suffer."

Clover's face turned red at the sarcastic remark about the situation before.

Sirona's magic was also curious to Gardrak. He was a fake and used a strange magic.

As far as he knew, the sphere of light that Sirona was holding in his hand was impossible to implement here. The cave was a realm of darkness.

It would be different if he had a contract with a light spirit, but he didn't seem to have one either, judging by his lack of activity.

"Hmm, it's hard to explain. You don't use this kind of magic, do you?"

"There is magic that uses the attribute of the earth, but there is no magic that makes pillars pop out of the cave."

"It could be a different principle. We use the power that dwells in nature to cast magic. Fire magic in places where there is fire, water magic in places where there is water. Clover used earth magic for the same reason. Of course, he didn't seem to think about the risk of collapse."

"No, master. I was really desperate then."

Clover made an excuse, but Sirona's party didn't listen anyway. They were talking through a mental channel, so they didn't have time to pay attention to other people's nonsense.

-Magic that uses the power of nature. It's quite unusual.

-The destructive power was also decent. The magic that Clover cast would have been a high difficulty in the original world. But he did it easily. Even though he's such a loser.

Canis added to his words.

-The advantage of borrowing the power of nature is not only power. It's also that one person can handle multiple categories. It's different from us who specialize in training.

Arin pointed out the drawback.

-But I think there is also a lack of applicability. It's bound by the environment. If you don't have the attribute you want around you, you can't cast magic.

If you summarize the characteristics of ancient magic, it is wide-ranging, powerful, and can use various attributes. On the other hand, it is severely restricted by the environment and may even be blocked depending on the situation.

Sky magic and earth magic. Which one was more efficient was still an undecided issue.

Kanya, who had left the cave, looked back at Gardrak and asked.

"By the way, where is Nor's shelter?"

"I can't tell you that to Mecha people. Just know that it's not here. You have to go by magic, but it's impossible here. Follow me."

At that moment, Lena received a drone signal and checked her retinal vision and shouted.

"Sister! We're in big trouble!"

Kanya also closed one eye and received the information transmitted by the drone. A pack of wolves was approaching at a fast speed from a nearby valley.

"Oh no, it's Kergo! We have to hurry!"

Gardrak's eyes were filled with resignation.

"No way. It's too late. Their sense of smell is incredibly sensitive. They smelled blood."

There was no sound of approaching yet. Even so, it meant that at least one of them was a master of senses who smelled blood.

"What do we do? What do we do, master?"

Clover rolled his feet and asked.

Gardrak had no idea what to do.

According to Lena's words, the number of pursuers was about twenty. Gardrak was injured and Clover lacked combat experience. If they collided like this, they would be annihilated.

"What if we do this?"

Everyone's eyes focused on Sirona.

@

The Kergo chase team riding black horses galloped over the stream.

Their eyes flashed like newly forged swords in their red armor reflected by the sun.

The leader of the chase team raised his hand and stopped the approach.

"Stop! They're in the cave!"

The leader and his twenty subordinates stopped. A woman with long hair pulled back drove her horse next to him.

Possible continuation:

"She's right. I can smell them from here." She said with a snort.

"Good job, Rina." The leader praised her. "You're our best tracker."

Rina smiled smugly and looked at the cave entrance with anticipation.

"So what are we waiting for? Let's go get them!"

"Hold on." The leader said cautiously. "We don't know what kind of traps they might have set up inside."

He scanned the surroundings with
[Translated block]