


[624] Magic of Banya (1)

'4 seconds. 3 seconds.'

Shirone slowly stood up.

It was impossible to recover perfectly, but his eyes were clear and there was no sign of disarray.

-Entering the 9th stage of extreme survival.

When the guidance voice of the two thousand system was heard, the hearts of the participants sank.

'9th stage.'

It was a feeling of being overwhelmed by numbers alone.

"From now on, the dimension is different. The average ability score is 8.7 times higher than that of the 3rd tier."

It was an unacceptable increase to apply to the test, but in reality, there is no intermediate stage between the 3rd tier and the 2nd tier.

Considering the size of the Colosseum, downsizing was done, but only creatures corresponding to the level of the devil are listed in the 2nd tier.

The fire phoenix, a representative of fire, the Peroton that freezes the lake with just a breath, the Grim Reaper, the god of death, and the Thunderer who brings thunderstorms swept the Colosseum.

"We've come this far under the leadership of one person. This makes extreme survival meaningless. If we're not careful, we could have a large number of deaths."

Unlike Shirone, who stepped up step by step, the other participants were just standing still and met a disaster.

"We have no choice but to dig into the weaknesses of the virtual system. Unlike reality, the two thousand system simplifies the pattern as the tier gets higher."

Most of the high-tier creatures live outside the human living area and have outstanding intellectual abilities, so there was a lack of simulation data.

"Of course, if you know the pattern, you can avoid dozens of blades."

That was the terrifying power of intelligence that overwhelms power.

"But you can't avoid thousands of blades. It will dominate in an instant."

"......"

Thousands of blades, that was exactly the situation happening on the battlefield right now.

Whooosh!

Every time the three phoenixes vomited fireballs, more than half of the Colosseum was engulfed in flames.

The Peroton, covered in iron armor scales, flew in the sky with its huge fins like wings, creating a straight ice path, and the Thunderer poured lightning into unspecified coordinates like crazy.

On the ground, a giant Grim Reaper, reaching a height of 5 meters, was riding a horse and swinging a scythe of death.

"What are we going to do now? Can we get our second evaluation?"

Extreme survival, which selects 15 people based on their skills, was just a matter of bad luck if they were unlucky.

'No, it's death. Even if it's two thousand, it's death.'

The attack of the 2nd tier creatures was powerful enough to destroy even the spirit of a wizard.

'Absolute Barrier!'

When Eden's barrier blocked the front, creatures totaling 17 concentrated their fire.

"Krrrrrr!"

Although the name Absolute Barrier became meaningless as it changed the whole area into a defense magic, the fact that it could protect more than 20 participants actually increased her value.

"Our son is going to die like this!"

There was nowhere to step in the Colosseum due to the bombardment of the devils, and inside Eden's barrier was the only safe zone.

"What are you doing now? You sent him to school to become a wizard, but it looks like he's going to die!"

Parents knew the fierceness of competition, but the current situation was hard to accept.

"End it here! Let's go to the second!"

It seemed like a test to see who was luckier, and if so, it was natural to suggest to the organizers to move on to the next evaluation.

"The situation has gotten serious."

Olivia, who heard the parents' resentment, said.

"But there's no cancellation. Because it's a graduation exam."

Even Alpheus, the principal, could not do anything from now on.

It was an exam being held simultaneously in all countries under the Red Line.

"Find a solution! I can't stand it anymore!"

Eden's mental strength reached its limit.

As the phoenix's fireball spread like oil along the surface of the barrier, the Peroton remained fixed in the sky, constantly exhaling icy breath.

'If the barrier is broken......'
[Translated block]


Some students are boosting their spirits by coming up with their own countermeasures.

"Shirone! It's dangerous!"

Before putting it into action, Shirone jumped towards the center of the demons where all the firepower was concentrated.

"You're reckless! You're going to die!"

Baikal didn't want Shirone to die like this.

"What...!"

But Shirone passed through the demons without any damage.

"What's that?"

The scouts all stood up to check in detail.

"Huuuuu!"

When Shirone, who crossed the Colosseum, pulled up the heat at the end of the Colosseum, a golden glow burst out of his body and sprang up as a giant light angel.

Kieeeee!

When the two-thousand system captured the most active target, the demons turned their direction and charged all at once.

"That, that...!"

Just when everyone sensed a terrible accident, Shirone's time skill twisted the landscape by creating thousands of whirlwinds.

'Explosion of the Four Heavenly Kings!'

A beam of light leisurely escaped from the Asura field mixed with flames, large swords, breath of ice, and lightning.

"Huuuk!"

At the same time, analysts from each country groaned while holding their heads.

"What's going on?"

Elizabeth frowned and shouted.

"The time of the two-thousand system is malfunctioning!"

"Time?"

"We can't recognize it properly. The error rate is approximately plus or minus 1.14 seconds!"

"What does that mean?"

"It means that time is going backwards!"

Baikal then looked at Shirone.

There was no particular discomfort, but as errors accumulated in the system, a situation occurred where the movement of the creature was cut off.

"Divine technique...?"

It was a skill that only the highest Ban-ya could use, and it was unfolding in the Colosseum of the graduation exam.

"Miss Reina, this question is a bit strange, but...."

Vincent asked while blankly staring at Shirone, who was tearing through the demons.

"Is the student there really my son?"

It was a sight that Reina couldn't even imagine.

"Well, I... I don't know."

"That's Shirone, father."

Lian, who was holding Vincent's shoulder, looked at Shirone with a flushed face and said.

"I can swear on my sword."

"Now! Everyone attack!"

The participants, who were again taken aback by Shirone, belatedly jumped into the battle.

'Nuclear Fusion!'

When Iruki, who had finished a long calculation, activated the magic of killing, an explosion occurred in the center of the Colosseum.

"52,437 kilobusters! The explosive power has exceeded 50 megabusters!"

It was the first figure to appear in the graduation exam.

As if to make up for the trampled pride, each organ exploded and was exposed, and the scouts were busy with evaluation, analysis, and recording.

'Just hold on a little longer!'

The total amount of data generated in the Colosseum was at a level that threatened the performance of the two-thousand system specially made for the graduation exam, but it still couldn't annihilate the demons.

-Entering the 10th stage of extreme survival.

"Are you finally seeing it?"

When the scouts were moved by the event that was counted on one hand in the history of the Red Line, the warning light blinked.

-Access to the two-thousand main system is allowed. The first-class security program is activated. Summon the program dragon, Infercus.

The audience's eyes widened at the sound of the emergency guide.

"A dragon?"

Even though it was a 1-tier, it was a top-class creature that was different from the medium-class Lich.

Kieeeeeeeee!

A tearing scream came first, and the Infercus, whose head seemed to pierce the ceiling, appeared in the center of the Colosseum.

"What the hell is that?"

Even the participants who were desperate for the exam were scared by the ferocious appearance of the dragon.

Grrrrr....

When Infercus, who spewed fire from between his closed teeth, roared towards the sky, a cloud of fire covered the ceiling!

"It's a dragon language."
[Translated block]


Dragons perceive and even dominate the world in binary, not language.

Even the most advanced Echon system was nothing more than scrap metal compared to the dragon's brain, and the magic created from its powerful calculations was unlike anything human.

Kuaaaaang!

The shape of the flame spewed towards the ground seemed to be stuck in, and mental damage came in just by the transmitted heat.

"Kueuk!"

If it had been a physical reality, the body would have already burned.

"Evade!"

"Where to evade?"

The only safe zone was outside the Colosseum, which meant failing the test.

'I can't win this! What the hell am I supposed to do?'

Moreover, because it was the last stage, there was no time limit.

'You're a total pervert!'

While avoiding the breath that turned the ground into lava, the participants cursed the test designer whose face they didn't know.

It seemed to say, 'How dare you guys try to solve the problem I made?'

"It's true that Mr. Carinter is a pervert."

Baikal knew the person in charge of designing the survival evaluation.

"But it's a program that has been approved by the Red Line. There must be a square."

There was a square, but it was too narrow.

Kuaaaa! Kuaaaa!

Every time Infercus spewed breath, the participants were busy avoiding it.

"Damn it! Go up to the sky! Scatter!"

Infercus, who chased the participants and raised his head, spewed white noise of roar towards the audience.

"Uaaaaak! What is it!"

The audience who faced the dragon's breath directly forgot their faces and retreated, but the flame disappeared as if a curtain was drawn in front of the audience.

"Push it away! Otherwise, everyone will fail!"

The more time was delayed, the more disadvantageous it was, and all the participants cast attack magic.

"Parameter."

Elizabeth immediately answered.

"It's decreasing at a fairly fast rate. 88.7 percent. 86.4 percent."

Only the thought of ending here was in the heads of the participants.

"67.6 percent. 64.2 percent. The estimated clear time has been reduced to 24 minutes and 43 seconds."

"That's amazing. But can we maintain this firepower until then?"

"It will be difficult. Actually, the damage of the laser accounts for 40 percent of the total damage."

"Kuaaaaaa!"

Infercus roared in pain for the first time.

"That's right, Shirone."

When the woman in the hood crossed her legs and put her arm on the next seat, the middle-aged man glanced uncomfortably.

"Push it away, the world."

Everyone turned their heads when Shirone's laser disappeared.

"Shirone! What are you doing!"

If the firepower fell even a little, Infercus's spirit would recover in no time.
[Translated block]


"This can't go on!"

What was squeezed out with all one's might was a 4-dimensional Ataraxia combined with a time bomb.

"52 percent! 53 percent! It continues to recover!"

The audience, who were cheering with one heart, let out a regretful sigh, and the middle-aged man also shook his hips and got angry.

"Hey! That, that! You have to attack quickly! What if you give up after coming this far?"

The woman in the hood muttered, looking down at the magic circle of the sphere emitting a brilliant multicolored light.

"Ataraxia."

The middle-aged man frowned and asked.

"Now, are you talking to me?"

The woman ignored him and continued.

"A long time ago, the existence of angels was like a natural disaster to humans. They were so great and powerful that all they could do was submit."

'What? Is she crazy?'

The middle-aged man turned his head as if to turn away from the sight of her muttering to herself.

"In fact, the angels had to fight against the dragons who had dominated this planet before humans."

"......"

But strangely enough, it was an attractive story.

"From then on, the god of humans is divided into two. The god of the distant universe becomes a religion, and the god of this place becomes the name of the king who rules humans."

"What on earth are you talking about......"

Just as the middle-aged man couldn't help but ask, the woman in the hood turned her head sharply and asked.

"Do you know what humans who watched the war of the gods called the magic of angels?"

"Well, I don't know. I..."

When he stammered at the unknown force, the woman turned her head to the battlefield with a slight smile on her lips.

"Dragon Slayer Magic."

Photon Cannon.

The flash that passed through the 4-dimensional Ataraxia was concentrated on Infercus from the outskirts of the Colosseum with an enormous number.

Kuaaaaaaaaaang!

"It's falling again! 44 percent! 38 percent! 27 percent!"

The audience, watching the rush of the stars gathering at a tremendous speed, felt some kind of holiness that had been engraved in their genes from the beginning.

'This is the end!'

Shirone, writhing in pain at Infercus, glared at him and raised his arm to clench his fist.

Extinction Magic, Quasar.
[Translated block]