


[740] Towards the Stars (4)

A long silence followed Shiro's question, making the name "Earth Sanctuary" seem colorless.

"Shiro."

Tae Sung opened his heavy mouth.

"Humans have the ability to name what exists. That is, intelligence."

Naming is the entirety of intelligence.

"But just because we have the ability to know something doesn't mean we can know everything."

Numerous scholars explore the end of the universe.

"If you think you will know everything someday, it's just a limit of humans who haven't yet realized the essence of intelligence."

The answer is beyond infinity.

"So even if I, who knows everything in the world, can't assert what's outside the universe."

"But I'm here."

It wasn't an outside problem.

"I can tell you what you see beyond the infinite curtain here."

"I really don't know. I have no reason to lie to Shiro."

"At least you can guess, can't you?"

"You shouldn't guess."

Tae Sung was firm.

"When you stand on the ground and look up at the sky, you can make many guesses. It's free to spread the wings of imagination. But you can't do that at the end of the world. You know that's too dangerous, Shiro."

You can't believe the essence of the world by guessing.

"Beyond the curtain could be nothing. This could be the beginning. Why are you denying yourself?"

"It's not denial, I want to acknowledge. I heard that Mr. Mahagaruta has attained enlightenment. And he didn't come back."

Did Mahagaruta wake up from his dream by now, or did he achieve extinction in eternal nothingness?

"I was able to come back to this world because I let go of everything in the realm of infinity...."

This was why Shiro was sad.

"If I had crossed the boundary, I wouldn't have come back."

You can't return to a dream from outside a dream, and that's why I knew Nane was right.

"To stand against Nane and protect this world, no, to surpass him, I think we need to define Hexa first."

Tae Sung sighed deeply.

"Infinity is...."

And he looked back at Shiro and asked.

"What is it? What is emptiness? What is human? What is a star? It's just a name given to something that exists for no reason. It's just something that exists, and we define it according to our needs. So even infinity and emptiness are just names we gave."

Tae Sung's index finger pointed at Shiro's forehead.

"Even God."

"......"

"For humans, the concept of God doesn't need to be complicated. It's a realm of faith, and it's a name given for that purpose in the first place. But once you enter the realm of God, that is, become Shiro, who is called the wizard of infinity...."

Tae Sung lowered his arm.

"You encounter all sorts of contradictions. The problem is that the information is originally from a human perspective."

Shiro was certainly a god, but he was a god that humans could define.

"Shiro, you know why you asked the question. The idea that you realized with the eighth sense is just there, so there's no need to be or not to be...."

That's why he can control all the phenomena of the world at will.

"It's just an infinity named by humans, so the true meaning is not outside, is it?"

Tae Sung cut off his words immediately.

"Also, because Hexa was made of light, in other words.... it's just an abnormal signal flowing in the system, not a specific entity."

It felt like my heart stopped when I heard it from Tae Sung.

"So I am...."

Tae Sung's expression relaxed.

"This is my assumption."

"Assumption....?"

"Yes. Let's try it. What you want to know. Let's guess what's beyond infinity at the end of the world."
[Translated block]


Taesung's affectionate heart was felt.

"Although you may know it as the Shiro-ne military, I am the reincarnation of a star. My name, which governs all stars, is Gaia. Let's say... I'm actually a program. The Gaia program."

Taesung emphasized the feeling of being a family.

"The universe is born and nature is created within it. There are two huge programs that make up this ecosystem. One is me, Gaia, who governs the planets. And the other one is...."

Taesung's gaze turned towards the ceiling.

"The stellar program, Ra."

Ra was another name for the sun.

"The Gaia program builds a new system through the energy delivered by the stellar program. It's the birth of a subsystem of nature, the biosphere."

"And from that biosphere...."

"It's too early to talk about humans."

Taesung cut off his words.

"When Gaia creates an environment with Ra as the power source, the biological program Argonese spreads cells. The possibilities of evolution are infinite, but the essence is the simplest information transfer material."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Argonese?"

It was the name of an alien creature that Pisho, who had majored in insect magic in the graduation exam, had become a host himself.

"Ra's power, Gaia's environment, Argonese's cells. If you combine these three elements infinitely, a specific space where life can inhabit will inevitably be created in this vast universe. Then the basic preparation is over."

"What preparation is it for?"

"Preparation for the user to use this world."

Shirone closed his mouth.

"I'm just saying this on the assumption that Shirone's guess is true. Even if life exists, building a mind is another problem. It has to look real, and yet it has to offset the fear of death."

"It's a god."

"Yes. The mind program, Shinjin. Because it is a program derived from the origin of life, the star, humans call it this way."

Taesung raised his index finger.

"The eternal Ra."

It was Anke Ra.

"But still, Anke Ra will not be able to know that he is a program. He will probably only know as a being who suddenly opened his eyes in the realm of nothingness. When he defines all concepts subjectively and stores them in the Akashic Record, they are transmitted to all creatures in the universe through quantum transmission. That's why Nane said this world is Anke Ra's dream."

Everything that had been felt by the portrait was becoming clear as if it could be seen.

"But an unexpected problem arose."

Taesung's eyes dimmed.

"The mind program was activated, and all users were supposed to achieve immortality through reincarnation. However, the first humans from Gaia, that is, the Gaians, began to resist the god program."

Shirone recalled the record of the Gaian he had seen in Babel.

"They tried to get out of Anke Ra."

"Yes. It was a fierce war. Every time Anke Ra tried to reset to catch the error, Gaia desperately blocked it. They thought their enlightenment was more important than the universe. They had to pass it on to future generations somehow."

Shirone swallowed his saliva.

"Anke Ra also attacked them using all the concepts he had defined. The war was tilting, and it seemed impossible to prevent the reset. In the meantime, someone from the Gaians found a way not to lose their enlightenment."

"That way...."

"Go outside and inject the code directly. It's about infiltrating a special signal that can withstand the reset."

Shirone shook his head.

"How can that be? Even if Mahagaruta has already attained enlightenment, he can't influence this world."

"There is one way."

Shirone's eyes popped open.

"Don't tell me...."

"Yes. It's Gepin Marso."

Taesung waved his finger.

"At the same time as the reset, it leaves the photon system and injects a new signal. This is the truth contained in the first reset."
[Translated block]


Shirone gritted her molars.

"So the Hexa is......"

"The mind program transmits information through quantum, and the biological program through electricity, but ultimately it's a network based on photons. Time, matter, energy, they're all light. And the Gaian is that unit of information......"

Taesung uttered in a cautious voice.

"They called it Hexa."

At the same time, tears flowed down Shirone's cheeks.

"The concept of cause and effect is merely a definition interpreted at the whim of Anke Ra's dream. There is no cause for the Hexa that came in from outside this world. That's why it's free from Anke Ra's reset, and the only being that lives outside of his dream."

"Huh. Huh."

Taesung's heart also broke at the sound of Shirone's crying, but he had to come to a conclusion now that he had come this far.

"The light that makes up Hexa is imitating human information. That's why you, Shirone, are human. But from the outside looking in, as you, Shirone, suspect......"

Taesung bit his lip for a moment.

"It might just be a signal."

Shirone's shoulders, which had dropped her head, twitched.

"I am...... I am......"

The parents who raised her, the beloved Amy, the friends at the magic school, the countless people she met in her 20 years of life.

'Not one of them......'

They're not connected.

It's just a program of some seers to get out of Anke Ra's control.

"But it might not be."

At Taesung's words, Shirone lifted her head again.

"I told you clearly, Shirone. This is just a guess. I don't know the truth either. It's just that I've applied what you've realized in the public domain to an infinite perspective. If you want, you can make any other story. The biggest problem is that Geopin has already been erased."

"Why is that a problem?"

"Even though I know the entire history of the universe, I can't remember Geopin. The most curious part is, why did the Gaian construct Hexa with human information?"

Shirone's eyes blinked.

"There's quite a bit of evidence that we can't conclude that humans are the only users, even if this world is somewhere in the public domain. The Terrafos race is also like that, and so is the Gaian. It's clear that it's a much more complex model than what you, Shirone, suspect. But surprisingly, the Gaian chose humans."

"Hmm."

Finally, Shirone, who had come to her senses, stroked her chin.

"Even though I opened the 8th sense and became a magician of infinity, the Gaian is a race that has opened the 11th sense, the ultimate sense. It's a different dimension from you, Shirone, who exercises omnipotence by human standards. That's why the universe they analyzed, the guess outside the curtain, could be completely different from what you think now."

"Beyond infinity."

It was a single line of text that Geopin had passed on to Shirone after the Gaian record ended and the screen was reset.

"......Come to me."

Taesung grabbed Shirone's trembling shoulders.

"You might not be just a signal, Shirone."

Geopin was erased.

"You might not be alone."

"I'm not...... alone......"

Tears, much hotter than before, poured out.

"Go beyond the nine and reach the ultimate. And meet them proudly at the end of this world. Your real parents."

Shirone nodded her head over and over again.

"Yes. Definitely......"

It wasn't time to give up everything yet.

"Good. Then."

Taesung, who had patted Shirone's shoulder, said with a pleasant smile.

"I will now begin the Star Award Ceremony."
[Translated block]