


[681] Offering Flowers (1)

The three ministers in charge of the Spectrum's power, water, and politics gathered at the round table.

Since the directive to gather the output of the bio-flower to its maximum and strike the capital, La Enemy has not appeared in memory, but now it was a matter of no concern.

Defense Minister Plarino, who manages the main system of the bio-flower, said,

"We have 13 percent left until maximum output. In 24 minutes, the planet of Bashuka will disappear from Tormia."

Interior Minister Raika looked at her with the cold eyes unique to vampires.

"That's amazing. It's a core code that hasn't been hacked for decades."

The bio-flower is basically a defensive ancient weapon, but if the output is pulled up to the maximum, it can strike as far as the planet.

The reason it has not been performed so far is because the kingdom set a password in the early growth of the bio-flower.

"Was La Enemy real?"

Although Plarino hacked the core code, she also succeeded based on the memory of La Enemy.

It was the moment when it was proven that he, who exists only in memory without substance, has the ability to destroy this world.

"What matters is that the Ain tribe rules the kingdom of humans."

Battle Minister Draker raised his energy and said.

When the fighting spirit unique to the dragon horse was released, the same ministers Raika and Plarino were also breathless.

"Shouldn't we start moving? Some humans have already infiltrated the bio-flower. Let's finish before it gets complicated."

Raika asked Plarino.

"Who came in?"

"The chairman of the Magic Association and the secretary-general. The agreement is broken, but if we can't stop those two, everything will be in vain. La Enemy is not appearing. This must be our problem."

"Humans."

Raika's body began to dissolve into black smoke.

"I'll finish it quickly and come back."

When he completely hid his figure, Draker also stood up, leaning on the table.

"I'll handle the outside."

"Do I need to help?"

When Draker raised the corner of his mouth, the scales like reptiles glistened.

"Just keep the flowers well."

It was also a metaphorical expression because she was also a flower to protect the bio-flower.

Even though she had reached the stage of suppressing reactions to others' emotions, the sentiment unique to the fire tribe had not disappeared.

The fire tribe sacrifices everything for someone they love.

It wasn't a bad feeling because she was born that way, but human possessiveness was unparalleled compared to other creatures.

'Protect the flowers.'

Plarino took a deep breath and made up her mind.

'Protect the flowers.'

* * *

'Can I match the time?'

Jane, who had infiltrated the bio-flower, ran quickly towards the main system.

She also realized that the entire power of the hidden facility was out and that the spectrum was preparing to intercept the capital.

'The problem is that the state of Aria, whose spirit is connected to the spirit zone, is gradually deteriorating.

'If she loses consciousness, it may be impossible to view the core code itself.

'Was it the right choice?'

If Luphyst had been here, he would have slapped her.

'Chairman.'

It's been over 10 years since she worked with Luphyst.

She was the one who got a job as an assistant through an interview when he entered politics as a wizard.

She was also a wizard, which would have played a major role in her acceptance, but the relationship was not smooth from the beginning.

"There are extreme evaluations in civil society. Especially, high-ranking nobles are resisting the excessive taxation for the purpose of increasing defense costs."

"Push it as it is. It's necessary."

Luphyst was a character who didn't beat around the bush, and Jane was full of passion.

"So I wrote a revised bill. First, adjust the increase rate to about 1.3 percent and apply progressive tax rates to the nobles...."

"You're a very talkative girl."

```
[Translated block]


Jane, who was handing over the documents, stopped abruptly, and she asked with a stern expression.

"Excuse me? What did you just say?"

Rufist, who had his arm on the table, stared at Jane and spoke bluntly.

"A damn, talkative, woman."

Jane, who had been standing dumbfounded because it was so absurd, lit her eyes and argued.

"Woman? Did you just call me a woman?"

"Yes. So what?"

"That's a clear derogatory remark against women! I will report this to the National Inspection Bureau! If you don't apologize sincerely right here, I will announce it to the press! How can a politician with a discriminatory tendency against men and women run the national affairs...!"

"Ha."

Rufist cut her off.

"Ha. Do whatever you want. But you know what? You're fired from this time."

Jane's face turned pale.

"This, this unfair treatment...."

"I don't want to work with you. So get out. Get lost."

Jane, who was snorting, had tears in her eyes.

When she slammed the door so hard that her ears were about to fall off after throwing the document file on the floor, Rufist squinted one eye.

"What the hell is that?"

That evening, Rufist, who had finished his work, put on his coat and left the office.

'I need to hire a new assistant tomorrow.'

He was more tired than usual because he had no one to do the chores.

"What?"

Jane was waiting outside the office entrance.

She had a challenging look in her eyes, and as soon as she saw Rufist, she approached him and spat out.

"Hey!"

"Hey?"

"Yeah, hey! You're not my boss anymore, so what? Why? Are you upset?"

"Did you drink?"

"No, I'm going to drink now! Let's talk even if we quit. I can't sleep because I'm worried about this country if I don't fix your rotten mental state."

"Then don't sleep. You don't have anything to do anyway?"

When Rufist tried to pass by, she moved sideways and blocked the way.

"Where are you going? Shouldn't you apologize properly?"

"I didn't do anything to apologize for."

"Oh, really?"

Jane looked around with determination and shouted.

"Everyone, look here! This politician today to women....!"

"Are you crazy? What are you doing?"

Rufist grabbed Jane's shoulder.

"Huh! Are you scared of people knowing?"

"It's not scary, it's embarrassing."

"Then be embarrassed. You don't have anything to do anyway?"

There was no such thing as a stubborn person.

"Okay. Go. Let's go."

"You should have done that earlier."

Jane, who seemed to be warning him not to mess with her, led the way to the bar, and Rufist followed her, grinding his teeth.

Two hours later, Jane, who had become a mess, repeated the same words several times with her eyes unfocused.

"You really shouldn't live like that. If you do, you won't have a single friend left. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

Rufist checked the time.

"It's late. Let's go back."

Jane's upper body seemed to feel dizzy as it spun around.

"Do I have to go if you go? Huh? Are you the boss?"

Jane poked Rufist's cheekbone with her index finger.

"You...."

Jane poked his cheekbone again with her index finger and pushed it with all her might.

"Are you the boss?"

Rufist, whose head was spinning, glared at her and gritted his teeth.

"Stop drinking. You're a mental magician."

"I don't want to? I want to get drunk? Do you hate it when a woman drinks?"

"I apologized. Several times."

"Does saying sorry solve everything? What about the scars engraved in my heart?"

Jane beat her chest as if frustrated.

"You shouldn't live like that. If you do...."

It felt like God had drawn a repeat sign on the sheet music of time.

"Come back to work from tomorrow."

Jane burst into a sarcastic laugh.

"Like that...."

"Without calling you a woman, without discriminating against women, I'll review the proposal you suggested, so come back to work from tomorrow."
[Translated block]


There was some merit to her proposal.

The woman who had thumped her head on the table turned to look at Rufus.

Finally, the mocking emotion disappeared from her smiling lips.

"It's hard to say with my own mouth, but you really picked a good subordinate. How far will you go? Minister of Defense? President of the Magic Association? Yes, that's a good idea. I'll make you the president of the Magic Association. I'll do whatever it takes to make you the president."

"Let's stop getting up."

Rufus, who was supporting Jane, asked the staff for a room.

Jane was still unconscious even when she was lifted up and taken up to the third floor.

"Hmm, I'm going to make it."

When Rufus returned to the room and laid Jane down on the bed as if he was falling, she hugged his neck.

"Where are you going? You can't go."

"You're drunk. Stop sleeping. Or sober up."

If she was a mental magician, she would have been clean with one switch.

"Hehe, don't you like it? You can't just live by working, right?"

"You'll regret it tomorrow."

Jane gave a bitter smile.

"What's not to regret?"

"......"

The next morning, Jane, who was completely sober, jumped up from the bed.

'Damn it!'

When she turned her head, Rufus, who had already washed up, was wearing a coat.

Her memory was so good that the events of yesterday passed clearly through her brain.

'I must be crazy, I must be crazy, I must be crazy!'

Jane slapped her cheeks with both hands.

She spent the night with her boss.

Thinking about how awkward it would be to work in the future, regret came rushing in like a flood.

Rufus, who had put the pocket watch in his pocket, said as he walked towards the door.

"I'm going first. Come to work in 30 minutes."

"Um......!"

Rufus stopped at the door.

"So, you know, right? This is a mistake, no, an accident. This will never happen again in the future."

"I know. It's over for you and me."

Rufus said as he closed the door and left.

"Be careful not to cause a scandal."

Jane, who had been watching in a daze, made a sullen face and mimicked Rufus's tone.

"Be careful not to cause a scandal."

Then she raised her middle finger towards the door.

"Anyway, it's cold."

The woman, who had come out naked after folding the blanket, stretched out in front of the window.

"Let's see, today's schedule......"

Like the newly risen sun of today, it felt like her first day at work.

'There was a time like that.'

Jane, who remembered the old memories, raised the corners of her mouth.

Because they were both very meticulous, they never crossed the line again during the ten years of work.

Although they had come this far, passing the fast-paced years like an arrow, faithfully to each other's activities as a politician and an aide, Jane sometimes remembered the day when Rufus went against his will.

'I thought there was no one more perfect than us. Looking back, we were young, Mr. Chairman.'

As her mind calmed down, her mind became clear.

'Yes, I just have to do what I can do.'

What's not to regret?

When she continued to go down, a strange energy rose from the end of the corridor.

"What is it?"

The dark darkness began to regain its color and form as it wriggled ominously.

'Vampire.'

"I commend you for coming this far."

The pure-blooded vampire, Laika, approached with a backrest.

"I underestimated humans too much. I seem to have become a lot duller."

As Laika moved, a creepy energy came in like a wall, but Jane's mission did not allow retreat.

"By the order of His Majesty the King. From today, the control of the life flower belongs to the Kingdom of Thormia. Surrender obediently and follow the king's command."

Jane, who had returned to a cool magician, threatened Laika by moving the tentacle-shaped spirit zone.

"Huh, I've been raising it so far, and now I'm going to take it?"

"You knew it all along, didn't you? You should be thankful that I've let you set it up so far."
[Translated block]


"I don't like that aspect of humans."

Laika's lower body turned black and transformed into hundreds of bats, flying towards Jane.

"It's about thinking you're a great being."
[Translated block]