


[633] What's Really Important (3)

Amidst endless criticism, the participants looked back at Nade, who still had no will to fight.

'I knew it would come to this.'

Prings remembered the horror he had experienced from Nade in the Scramble Royal.

He too was not of a normal disposition, so he brushed it off and got up after a while, but it was an event he did not want to experience again.

'It's definitely a time bomb that won't do any good if touched.'

But now the final 10 were confirmed, and if there was nothing to lose, it was advantageous to confront in the scout's evaluation.

"Come on. There's nowhere else to run, is there?"

Prings provoked by snapping his fingers, but Nade was just looking at the sky listlessly.

'Am I graduating?'

After all, would it matter?

Even if he graduates like this, there will be no institution to call him who has done nothing.

Just as public and non-public are different, the treatment received by the same wizard varies greatly depending on the recognition of society.

If he fails like this, he will successfully fulfill his initial plan to give his mother a setback.

"I'm not going to fight."

It was unthinkable to fight with Shiro.

"It's ridiculous."

Dante had never seen Nade's true colors, but he was not unaware of the atmosphere that some of the skilled people avoided.

"Do we have to accept it if you say you don't want to fight?"

"I don't care about your thoughts. I'm not going to fight."

The audience's voices grew louder at the brazen answer.

"That coward doesn't deserve to be a wizard!"

"Hey, just step on it! Show him what's what!"

Even with the audience's cheers, the reason he did not move was not a simple problem as he said.

Iruki stepped towards Nade.

"What about failing? It's a meaningless fight for you."

He remembered the vow Nade had made the day before the graduation exam.

At least if he fails now, he will leave a bitter memory, but there will be no enemies.

"......"

When Nade didn't say anything, Iruki pointed with his index finger.

"Look, you want to fight too. You don't want to fail, do you?"

'Mother.'

It was crowded with people in the audience, but it was easy to find Teria.

Her face, not noble but still beautiful, was distorted like a demon among hundreds of faces, pressing Nade.

'A terribly hateful face.'

Yet a face that had to be loved because it was a child.

"Get out of here! You're a disgrace to the wizard! Don't degrade the dignity of the school!"

Teria's face turned red at the people's criticism.

"I'm so embarrassed I could die. What kind of disgrace is that?"

Borum comforted his wife.

"Stop it. You should at least cheer for him."

"Look at the other students. They're all fighting hard to please their parents. How can he be so selfish?"

Lycon approached behind Nade.

"I'm annoyed. Just die."

He grabbed Nade's neck and threw him to the end of the Colosseum with a lightning strike.

Then the gathered lightning drew a huge parabola and hit the place where Nade fell.

'Idiot! Electricity is......!'

Prings' face turned pale, and everyone who knew the magic fusion stared at Nade in a stiff posture.

"What?"

But Nade was just sending a desperate look at Teria, who had fallen down.

It was three days after Nade, whose spirit had been destroyed by the torture of the Chicken Head Thieves, that Gasol came to rescue him.

Among the charred corpses, young Nade cried like a fool, and even after spending a lot of money on treatment, the seizures did not stop.

"Why are you crying! Why are you crying! Do you know how much damage your mother has suffered because of you?"

She was burning inside because she had spent the money she had borrowed from her relatives on her son's treatment.

"Mom, Mom......"

Nade held back desperately.

"Get out of here! You're a disgrace to the wizard! Don't degrade the dignity of the school!"

Teria's face turned red at the people's criticism.

"It's so embarrassing I could die. What kind of disgrace is that?"

Borum comforted his wife.

"Stop it. You should at least cheer for him."

"Look at the other students. They're all fighting hard to please their parents. How can he be so selfish?"

Lycon approached behind Nade.

"I'm annoyed. Just die."

He grabbed Nade's neck and threw him to the end of the Colosseum with a lightning strike.

Then the gathered lightning drew a huge parabola and hit the place where Nade fell.

'Idiot! Electricity is......!'

Prings' face turned pale, and everyone who knew the magic fusion stared at Nade in a stiff posture.

"What?"

But Nade was just sending a desperate look at Teria, who had fallen down.

It was three days after Nade, whose spirit had been destroyed by the torture of the Chicken Head Thieves, that Gasol came to rescue him.

Among the charred corpses, young Nade cried like a fool, and even after spending a lot of money on treatment, the seizures did not stop.

"Why are you crying! Why are you crying! Do you know how much damage your mother has suffered because of you?"

She was burning inside because she had spent the money she had borrowed from her relatives on her son's treatment.

"Mom, Mom......"

Nade held back desperately.
[Translated block]


The thing that was scarier than the monster inside was my mother's pain, and the convulsions gradually subsided past the hiccups.

"What did I do wrong?"

There was a time when I got angry.

"I didn't want to be like this! What have you ever done for me!"

Borum threw a bottle of alcohol at Nade.

"You're just like a bastard!"

Perhaps he was annoyed with the child who touched his scared wife's nerves, but Nade felt wronged.

"Ughhhhh!"

At that time, Nade rushed to the wall to break the body they had given him and hit his head.

"Ahhhhhh!"

Teria scratched her face with her nails.

"Honey!"

Borum ran in surprise, and Nade stared blankly at his mother's face covered in blood.

And then....

"Kill me! Just kill me!"

Teria slashed her wrist with a knife without hesitation.

"Damn it! Anyone, quickly! Call a doctor!"

"Mom, mom...."

While all the family's food sols were busy, only Nade was looking at her as if time had stopped.

"I'm sorry...."

Nade sobbed with a stupid face.

"Don't get angry. It's my fault."

There are no children in this world who can beat their parents.

"It's irrecoverable. It's completely over."

As Nade was crying, the remaining eight participants ignored him and collided in the center of the Colosseum.

Everyone was captivated by the feast of splendid magic, and only Nade and Teria were exchanging glances.

"I can't stand to see you pathetic."

As Teria stood up from the audience and turned her body, Nade's two fists clenched fiercely.

"That's right, go away. I will never become a wizard! I will never give you the life you want!"

It was the situation he wanted so much.

But why is it so painful?

Why is it falling into the abyss endlessly?

"We're going down together! We all just have to die!"

The moment Teria disappeared beyond the shadow of the exit.

"Ughhhhhhh!"

Nade screamed and stood up.

"What the hell am I!"

Electricity sprouted all over his body.

"What did I do so wrong!"

As Speak rose, Nade, who had flown behind Shiro's back, swung his arm.

"Cough!"

Shirone rolled on the floor at a speed that couldn't even react, and the participants turned their heads in surprise.

"Huhhhhhhh!"

There was a creepy feeling in Nade's convulsive and gritted teeth.

"What's the magic power?"

Baikal asked, but Elizabeth blinked without even thinking about answering.

"Why? Magic power!"

"......I'm sorry. I'll check again."

As Nade took a step, everyone backed away ten steps.

"Why? Why?"

Nade's question was sprouting from an unimaginably deep hatred.

"Whyyyyyy!"

As the lightning pierced the sky of the Colosseum, the two thousand system sounded an alarm.

-Data capacity limit exceeded. Emergency system operation. Open the second core.

The lights in the Colosseum flickered.

-Data capacity limit exceeded. Open the third core. Open the fourth core.

The white brain electricity stood like a pillar, rushed to the floor, and then dispersed into hundreds of pieces and wandered around.

"Open the fourth core?"

As far as Baikal knew, it was unprecedented in history.

-Operate the final stabilization device. Open the fifth core.

Only after all five emergency systems were activated did the two thousand operate normally, and the same blue light turned on in the eyes of the analysts.

"How much?"

"......1.48 billion magical."

Baikal's head turned as if it was about to break.

"1.48 billion? Is it a possible figure?"

"The problem is......"

Elizabeth spoke in a trembling voice.

"It's still going up."
[Translated block]


Iruki, who was looking at the fallen Shiro, frowned as if he didn't like it.

"What happened to the promise with me? You said you wouldn't fight with Shiro, but you're hitting him from behind like this?"

"It's okay."

Shiro slowly got up.

"This is a test. It's not trying to kill me."

Iruki wanted to believe that, but all that was left for Nade in the state of magic was just a senseless killing.

"Krrrr!"

Shiro, who was looking at Nade's grotesquely distorted face, said with a sad smile.

"At first, I thought it was a scary face."

It's so tender and kind that it can't even get angry without hating someone.

"In fact, it was a painful face, Nade."

That's why it can't destroy anything without first destroying itself.

"Kaaaaaaaa!"

"Final magic value 1.86 billion magical! It's magic! It will die if left alone!"

"Indeed, perfect chaos. That's what I was afraid of."

Nade's state, which had no reason left, was so violent that it was different from what Shiro had experienced before.

Krrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
[Translated block]