


Chapter 750: The Holy War (1)

The Kingdom of Thormia.

If you go south from the capital, Bashuka, you will come across a region known as the mining district, Mafal.

Although it is an important area that accounts for 45 percent of the kingdom's iron ore production, it is relatively underdeveloped.

In other words, it means that the damage from the demons is the most severe, and currently, hundreds of war orphans in Mafal are struggling with severe famine.

"Here, here."

There was a small shack where the workers used to stay in a place that had turned into a closed mine due to the collapse of the mine.

When the seven children from the Dorkin Orphanage opened the door, a woman with disheveled hair and a haggard face was waiting.

"You're here."

Now she is wandering the world without a place to lean on, but once she was the minister of Radum's Spectrum.

Flarino of the Spark Tribe.

The ancient weapon 'Bio' was broken, and a powerful shock hit her mind, but she survived in the end.

The position of the head of Radum was an enemy of the kingdom, and the place where she hid was this abandoned mine in Mafal.

"Hello? Are you hungry? Eat this."

She handed over the food left by the children of the orphanage wrapped in a cloth.

Feeling the gaze of the children who filled their stomachs with food in a hurry, Flarino bowed her head.

"Thank you for always taking care of me."

The extreme passivity made it impossible for even the children to treat her lightly, and it was strange to them.

"It's okay. Our orphanage puppies also eat."

Just beautiful and obedient to the owner's words, they too will sacrifice their lives to protect her, that illusion.

Only flowers could make that illusion, which was the biggest failure of the tribe.

"So what are we going to do now?"

"Let's play tag. Flarino, you find us."

But because the children were innocent, Flarino was able to stay here for a long time.

"Yes. Then I'll find you."

When the children were about to leave the shack holding Flarino's hand, the door opened and a boy who was a head taller than his peers came in.

"Hey, you guys!"

The orphanage can accept up to twelve years old, but his face looked at least sixteen years old.

It was common to lie about age, and the director, Dorkin, also needed someone to control the children.

"Ugh! What, what is it?"

He didn't care about the incident in the shack, so he didn't know why he suddenly frowned like a goblin.

"Follow me all. Director, bring that woman."

Dorkin Orphanage.

It was a newly established orphanage when the altar opened, and the director was a man named Dorkin who was over 60 years old.

'Kids are really terrible.'

The reason he set up an orphanage despite all the ups and downs was because of the subsidies supported by the kingdom.

'But it's salty.'

Success comes from crisis.

"Director, I brought that woman."

According to the rumor, she is a bit stupid, so she listens to everything the children say.

Dorkin, who thought the children were also a bit stupid, let it slide, but the report of the sixteen-year-old was not something to be taken lightly.

"Tell her to come in."

When he spoke in a friendly voice, the door opened and Flarino moved her steps with an awkward expression.

"Ho?"

Dorkin's eyes changed at once.

If she was just a fool, he was going to keep her in the orphanage and make her do odd jobs, but such beauty was extremely rare even among the nobles.

'Is the woman who sold her body crazy?'

Flarino, who was trembling with fear and looking down, was watched by him and got up from his seat.

"So, you stole our orphanage's food?"

To be precise, it was dog food.

"Yes. Thank you for helping me."

As she obediently came out with a low posture, Dorkin also revealed his hidden emotions and raised his hand.

"So, you know what you have to do."

"......"

Flarino had no choice but to accept a new owner, but suddenly the outside became noisy.

"What, what is it, mister!"

The moment she saw the face of the man who came in roughly opening the door, Flarino's shoulders trembled.
[Translated block]


The shock of the moment when the raw flower was broken came to mind in full.

"Uh, how did you get here?"

It was Luphist, the president of the Thorumia Magic Association.

"How did you get here? I knew where you were and what you were doing from the start."

It was just that he had been holding his breath for a while to avoid the attention of the Ivory Tower.

"Where did you put the seed of life? Have you already planted it?"

To Plarino, it was a fear like a natural enemy, and when she stepped back, Dorquin stepped forward.

"Hey, what are you? Is this woman a pillar husband?"

The scarred face and the conversation heard, it was a perfect situation to misunderstand.

"You shut up. I'm taking this woman."

Once upon a time, Dorquin, who had been in control of the back alley, could not easily hand over the woman.

"Do you see what the young bird is saying? Do you know where this is? Kingdom designation directly supported by Wangseong……!"

When Luphist swung his wrist, Dorquin's head was slammed into the wall with a bang.

"Auuuuuuu……!"

Luphist, who lightly ignored the old man who was trembling, approached Plarino.

"Are you... here to kill me?"

"Kill? Why kill a competent talent like you?"

The more fire tribes there were, the better the project in Yongnoe was successful.

"Give me the seed of life. If you follow the instructions obediently, I will guarantee your safety as the president of the Magic Association."

Dorquin turned his head in a hurry, forgetting the pain.

"Ma, Magic Association President?"

It was surprising that the president of the Magic Association came to this crumbling village, but the fact that it was because of a woman was a shock.

'Who the hell is this woman?'

Plarino trembled and spoke.

"If you're going to break it again anyway……."

To her, Luphist was a fear itself.

"We're going to gather the fire tribes. We will provide a village where you can live. And there is something to do."

"What to do……?"

She thought the price would be miserable because it was a radical treatment, but Luphist spit out an unexpected word.

"We're going to build a flower garden."

Of course, what was to be planted there was not a beautiful flower, but an ancient weapon made of steel.

"……."

"Think about it. It's an alliance. Maybe it's the only and last chance for your fire tribes to survive."

The answer did not come back, but Luphist, who read from Plarino's eyes, turned his body.

"Follow me. We're going to the capital."

As the two headed towards the door, Dorquin quickly got up.

"Uh, uh... President of the Association."

If today's events go to the top, the orphanage will close that day and he will go to jail.

Luphist called at the door.

"It's a sensitive time. I don't know what kind of trash you are, but don't make too much noise."

Dorquin immediately caught the intention.

"Yes! I'm sorry! This will never happen again."

If it wasn't disgusting, it would be a lie, but Luphist didn't say anything more and went outside.

'No matter what organization or person is lacking. Now is not the time to pick and choose garbage and criminals.'

According to Luphist's system theory, humans are like machines that need to be coin-operated.

Even a person like Dorquin provides the labor required by society once money is put in.

'Orphans are also future resources. It's good to have at least a minimum device to manage.'

Even if it was a polluted system, it could not be destroyed at will once money was put in. That was the situation of the kingdom.

'He will never understand.'

Was it because the world was heading towards destruction, but today, the face of a man who was horribly like an enemy came to mind.

* * *

"Are you really okay?"

Kang Nan, who had been crying for a long time holding Gaold, suddenly thought and got up.

"What if it's not okay? Do you want me to die?"

Gaold's body was still in pain.

"How could you come back... when there was no sign of waking up until now?"
[Translated block]


"The door opened."

Undercoder's memory could not be recalled, but there was information told by the senses when he returned to reality.

He must have gone on endlessly, and finally crossed the boundary of the dead and entered hell.

Just in the midst of the hot pain, even though the many souls around him were melting in the fire of hell...

"I just kept walking."

The soul of Gaold, who has one foot in life, never melted, and was only enduring eternal pain.

"And I came out opening the door."

The altar opened, creating a spiritual realm, and for Gaold, that point was the end of hell.

"Is that what you're saying now?"

Despite the unimaginable journey, Kangnan was rather absurd at the calm tone.

"But that's true."

Gaold, who sucked the cigarette deeply, rubbed the wick with his fingers and put it out.

"There's no need to give pain."

"Pain..."

Gaold, who was looking at the tip of his finger indifferently, turned to Kangnan.

"The pain has increased."

The reason why the heart sank at the moment of hearing was because it was a pain that could not be endured even before falling into a deep sleep.

"How, how do you live like that..."

Kangnan sobbed again, but Gaold just had a bitter smile.

"Pain is the only proof of life. There is no one in this world who lives as intensely as I do."

"But in that state..."

When Kangnan tried to speak, the scream of the dead reached the bottom of the pyramid.

"...Zulu seems to have finished."

Gaold knew just by hearing the sound, and Zulu entered the room shortly after.

"The demons are annihilated."

Kangnan tried to explain that Gaold had woken up, but Zulu already knew through the vibration of the pyramid.

"...You're back."

"Thanks to you. I owe you again this time."

"Wandering in hell. It wasn't a meaningless time for you. What did you bring back?"

What he realized through the asceticism that humans can't imagine, is it Nane, or Shiro?

"Not much."

Gaold clenched his palm.

"I just got stronger."

Zulu, who nodded his head, pulled a chair and sat next to Gaold's bed.

"Then you have to decide where to use that strength."

Zulu calmly recited the story after Gaold fell into a deep sleep.

Gaold, who had no particular reaction, twitched his eyebrows when he heard about the Zion project.

"Chaos. There's nothing fixed, and only their beliefs collide."

"Nane is right."

At Gaold's words, Kangnan's eyes shook.

"If everyone can disappear without a trace, it can be said to be the true happy ending of this world."

There is no one who is unfair, and there is no emotion to feel unfair.

"Then you should go to Nane."

It was natural for Gaold, who was undoubtedly the most painful person in the universe, to sympathize with Nane's thoughts.

"But... Mr. Miro is against Nane."

Gaold's face twisted.

'Obsession.'

Even though he knew that he could be freed from pain just by closing his eyes, he kept walking endlessly in the flames of hell.

'Nane is salvation.'

The void where everything disappears was the only way for Gaold to cut off the chains of obsession.

"Ha..."

A woman who is chaotic, arrogant, and knows a man's sincerity like shit.

"Hehe. Hehehehe."

As he thought, he burst into a ridiculous laugh of despair.

"I'm really going crazy."

Gaold, who made a decision, raised his head sharply.

"Do I have to step on a guy named Nane?"

Neither Zulu nor Kangnan answered, but they knew there would be no change.

Gaold's heart was also bigger than the universe.
[Translated block]