


Doctrine of Evil (5)

* * *

The world that Shirona looked at seemed to be filled with things that humans despise.

As he passed through the field of wool along the window, a grotesque statue that often appeared in religious paintings came out.

'This is unexpected...'

It was good to follow Baseth through the back world, but at some point, the scenery of reality was not visible.

'Miroshi...'

Zion's law to reduce the spiritual realm is putting pressure on the whole world.

The thin boundary line that could be torn at any time had turned into an iron wall.

'I'll cheer for you.'

If it was a choice for humanity, it was something to accept, and rather, her realm was admirable.

'It is no longer possible to follow.'

Shirona, who lost Baseth, was thinking of returning to the real world as soon as possible by finding the exit.

'It's strange. Really strange.'

The number of demons that Shirona had grasped by coming here alone exceeded a thousand.

'Anyway, you can't escape to reality here. Most of the troops should be deployed within the spiritual realm...'

It was strange because a fierce war was taking place near the spiritual realm, regardless of the country.

'The spiritual realm is the front line between demons and humans. Unless one of the two gives up, it's impossible...'

Perhaps it could apply to both.

Grrrrrrrr.

As the sound of water flowing along the window was heard, the outer wall where Shirona was located shook roughly.

"Oh no...!"

The wind first blew from the place where he had passed so far, and then the rotten smell vibrated.

Kueeeeeee!

As the murky waste poured in like a flood, Shirona quickly flew into the sky.

"Kuk!"

"Save me! Save me!"

The skeletons floating down the stream of waste saw Shirona and raised their poor arms.

Compassion.

"Grab my hand!"

As soon as he grabbed his hand, his shoulder broke and his arm fell from his torso and quickly turned into dark ash.

'Purification of the soul.'

While sealing several altars, he realized that it was a vain effort, but he couldn't help but hold out his hand.

'But this is the first time it's been so severe...'

The spirit of the real world seeps into the back world and is recycled as the energy source of the demons.

'Witch gatherings of sexual play, demon believer gatherings.'

The collective consciousness born in such a place is so powerful and stimulating that it paralyzes the brain.

But sometimes, the consciousness of an individual becomes as powerful as that.

It was death.

'They're already dead.'

There aren't many people who can overcome the fear of death, unless they are religious people who are sure of God's salvation, or seekers who realize the emptiness of life.

The moment that powerful fear explodes, consciousness is sucked into the back world and falls into hell.

'I'm sorry.'

When I thought about their fate to fall into the 'fire pit', which is called a place where they will be melted in hellfire, Nane naturally came to mind.

'You might be right.'

Shirona, who felt her eyes hot, quickly regained her composure and shook her head.

'I can't collapse.'

Yahweh's realm loves everything that exists, but the inhabitants of the back world had no substance.

'It's just a hell we made.'

The true salvation was not to close the world, but to liberate them by practicing love for all mankind.

After the soul purification, which was more terrible than other places, was over, Shirona came down to the ground again.

The face of the woman attached to the grotesque statue had changed and she was laughing with her mouth wide open.

"......"

The remains of the soul were full in her mouth.

Suddenly, the woman's pupils turned towards Shirona, and she started laughing while chewing on the remains.

"Kyahahahaha! Kyahahahaha...!"

Bang!

The face of the statue hit by the photon cannon fell off and rolled on the floor.

"Haaaaa..."

Who are you fighting for?

Sometimes, or actually often, when I see the world that humans have irresponsibly messed up, I can't control my anger.
[Translated block]


"How dare you damage the statue of purification!"

The vicious demons who heard the sound flocked and filled the rotten spear.

"Answer me."

The heart of a human.

"How can you realize love?"

There were not a few saviors who came to ask such questions in the history of hell, so the demons also chose an answer.

"There is only one way."

The demon with horns like a cow stepped forward and spread his arms wide.

"Obey and worship me. Then I'll love you."

Only because I am precious.

"Hahaha! Excellent answer! Seeker of the Way! Why are you struggling with such an easy task?"

All the demons spread their arms.

"Worship me!"

Shirone closed his eyes tightly, and when the eyelids as heavy as the world opened again.

"Kill! The flesh of the savior is delicious!"

The light of Yahweh swept away.

"Hahaha! You're going to die from the medicine, aren't you? You're stupid to expect mercy from humans! Your light is strong and burns us but……."

Even in the voices of the demons mixed in the middle of hell, Shirone did not stop the light.

"We're not scared at all! So we won't surrender! We will fight until we are completely annihilated!"

Burning all the demons in the area with the light of Yahweh was the only way to seal the altar.

"How miserable! Foolish and foolish……!"

Yahweh.

In the place where the scream-like roar disappeared, there was a world of nothingness as wide as the radiance of Yahweh.

"Nothing."

It was neither dark nor transparent.

The mere 'nothing' that humans cannot think of was so strange that there were not many people who could stand it except for Shirone.

Because he couldn't stand the emptiness.

"Let there be light."

Shirone had a habit of filling something with material in the place where he sealed the altar.

'Although the skill is still lacking.'

Just by implementing the statue of the archangel in the mother's psychology in the pure white space, the mind was much more comfortable.

'Ikael.'

The image of her holding her chest and wailing in Hexa's memory came to mind.

'Surely it's a miserable sight.'

Why do I feel like my inner anger is being washed away every time I think of this memory?

"Raktas Vera Imera (Bow to fear)!"

Surprised by the familiar voice, Shirone looked at the landscape of hell outside the realm of material for a moment.

"Igor."

The Lord of Fear, Igor, who was riding on a black horse without eyes, came closer with a spear of blue flame.

"This is not your area, is it?"

It should have been in Radum in terms of the coordinates of the real world.

"I came to retrieve the mark of submission."

Igor's words stopped in front of the boundary line of pure white filled with new material.

It was none of his business, but it was terribly disgusting to step forward emotionally.

"Give it to me. I fight for Satan."

The necklace from Shirone turned into a blue starlight and floated towards Igor.

"You found me with this."

Just before entering Igor's hand, the starlight stopped and did not advance any further.

"......Are you refusing?"

So far, Shirone was the owner of Igor.

"What happens if I refuse?"

"Satan will annihilate me. But a new name of fear will appear."

The faster the emotion that humans often feel, the faster it resurrects in the underworld.

"A new name......"

President North Emond's name was also Igor.

"Is this related to this?"

"Not really. There are many Igors in the human world. And some Igor uses fear as a weapon."

The emotion that melted in the hellfire and combined with the soul was the Lord of Fear, Igor.

"He's the first, and I'm the second. Don't get confused."

If it was a strong enough emotion to become a legionnaire in hell, Igor of humans would have known the ins and outs.

"I'm not afraid! So I won't surrender! We will fight until we are completely annihilated!"

That emotion was Igor, the Lord of Fear, who was born by combining with the soul melted in the hellfire.

"He was the first, and I was the second. Don't get confused."

If it was a strong enough emotion to become a legionnaire in hell, Igor of humans would have known the ins and outs.

"What's going on where I am?"
[Translated block]
Igor closed his mouth.

"It's the condition to break the oath of slavery."

Igor nodded heavily because he still wanted to fight for Satan.

"Igor, so the one who gave me individuality does not exist in this world now."

"Did he die?"

"He was absorbed. Half of the kingdom's army where you are now is not human, but a demon."

"A demon?"

Changing form means changing not only matter but also function, so it's not easy for demons.

It would be different if it was illusion magic, but there was no way that Shirone, who had reached Yahweh's realm, could not notice.

"How can that be......"

Shirone suddenly realized.

"Garas?"

"Yes. The army is dominated by the hybrid of demons and Garas. Garas. It's a considerable race. Since they came to the kingdom, a tremendous energy has entered the underworld. The demon born there is now pushing out the existing legion commander and taking over as the new legion commander. Even if it's you, you can't guarantee the game."

There was no opponent who had guaranteed the game so far, so Shirone just had a little faster heartbeat.

"Demons are born from the energy source of the fire plate. The reason they each have different reasons is because they inherit some personality of Satan. Conversely, it means......"

"The aggregate of evil is Satan."

Demons call themselves evil, but they just believe that evil is truth, just as humans see good as beautiful.

"How far has North Emond infiltrated?"

"All of it. Your kingdom has already been occupied by demons. It was a decision made by a human named Igor himself."

"By himself?"

"He really wanted to become a terror. So he gave his body to a being bigger than himself. Therefore, the one who currently rules that country is actually a demon, and there are not many who can change into human form."

"......The legion commander."

When considering that only the first dragon among the dragon races can change shape, he could feel the power of the legion commander.

"Satan's 72nd Legion, 24th Legion Commander, Marduk."

It was Marduk of Destruction.

"We are all parts of Satan. Especially, the legion commanders have inherited the most powerful things of Satan. If you think about it, Yahweh will lose light."

Igor said to Shirone, who was lost in thought.

"That's all I can say. If you want to know more, you have to just annihilate me."

"......I'll give it back, the necklace."

Finally, the blue starlight seeped into Igor.

"It was okay to annihilate me as it is."

"I know. But......"

Even the fact that he could share something with a demon was too precious to Shirone.

"Because I got help."

Igor turned the black horse.

"There won't be such a thing in the future."

As he disappeared into the landscape of hell, Igor stopped his horse when Shirone was looking at him.

Is it really a good thing?

It was a matter that might have permeated Shirone's feelings shared through Igor's necklace for a short time.

"It's not completely absent."

Igor seemed to be talking to himself, but......

"A demon who repented of his sins."

It sounded like thunder in Shirone's ears.

"Hehe, the problem is that it's almost nonexistent."

Igor, who clearly drew a line, did not look back until the end and hid his figure.

Shirone couldn't move for a long time.

'There was.'

Both fists clenched tightly.

'I can fight more. I wasn't wrong!'

As if a fire was lit in his chest, he was breathless, and hot tears flowed down his cheeks.

'I will never give up. No matter how evil humans are......'

It was not necessarily evil.
[Translated block]