
As soon as Lilia uttered her name, a surge of energy erupted from the center of the circle. A dark mist began to swirl around, forming a vague shape of a human. The mist was the manifestation of the disaster, the evil that Lilia was trying to seal.

"Who dares to disturb my slumber?" A raspy voice echoed from the mist. "You foolish mortals, do you not know the wrath you have unleashed?"

Lilia did not flinch at the threat. She continued her prayer, strengthening her will and binding the mist with her chains of light.

"I dare, evil one. I am Lilia, a mage of the Arcaneis Order. I have come to seal you away, for you have brought nothing but suffering and destruction to this world."

The mist roared in anger and pain, struggling against the chains. It tried to lash out at Lilia, but Dante was ready. He quickly drew a magic circle in the air with his finger, activating his instant magic.

"Fireball!" He shouted, launching a ball of flame at the mist. The fireball hit the mist, causing it to shrink back.

"Nice shot, Dante!" Lilia praised him. "Keep it up!"

Dante nodded and prepared another spell. He was glad that he could help Lilia with his magic. He admired her courage and determination, as well as her beauty and intelligence. He wondered if she felt the same way about him.

He decided to ask her later, after they finished their mission. For now, he focused on supporting her with his magic, hoping that they could seal the disaster once and for all.
[Translated block]


Dante expanded his spirit zone and took a combat stance.

Nothing happened for a minute.

But he didn't relax because Lilia was still in a praying position.

Soon he felt the ground shake.

The vibration was not strong, but the radius was enormous. Far away, the snow piled up on the Ice Queen's castle was falling like dust.

"Damn it! Come out if you're going to come out."

Dante surrounded himself with a defensive magic circle.

As time passed, the vibration became stronger. But still, there was no sign of the entity appearing.

"Huuuuu...!"

A groan came from Lilia's mouth.

She was pushing something into reality with all her might, squeezing out every drop of her spirit.

Suddenly the landscape flashed blue. And finally, a huge electric net spread across the night sky.

Dante lowered his head with a bored expression.

At a glance, it was not a network made by humans, but a form made of unspecified connections between charges.

"Huh!"

Lilia bounced her upper body and breathed heavily.

Dante was at a loss. Was that the entity of the disaster? If so, did he have to fight it?

No, how the hell do you fight something like that?

"What is it? You have to tell me to move."

Lilia shook her head with a calm expression.

"I was mistaken. That's not an evil spirit. It's a pure mental body."

"Mental body? Explain it in a way I can understand."

"It means that it has a neutral will that is not biased to either side. I can't seal it in this state. But it seems to be absorbing the laws of this place quickly."

Dante examined the form of signals exchanging through the electromagnetic network.

The pattern was increasing exponentially, and the sky was flashing blue.

'Damn, what the hell is this?'

There was not a single identical pattern.

It was evidence that the entropy of information learned by the law was extremely low.

How could that be possible?

Even a newborn baby's brain is not this active. This is because learning about one's nature is already done at the genetic level.

"......It's not from this world. It came from somewhere else."

There was no other way to explain it.

For a mental body, the information collected here would be as advanced as state secrets for humans.

Lilia didn't know about entropy. But she had a similar idea to Dante.

If the mental body was from this world, it wouldn't have been born in such a pure neutral state.

"Then we have to seal it now more than ever! If we leave it alone, it will quickly absorb the evil of this world! I'll try the sealing spell!"

As soon as Lilia knelt down again, a sound like scratching a metal plate with nails came from the sky.

The sharp sound found its own frequency and produced an eerie sound wave that humans could not make.

"Who am I?"

Dante's face became serious.

The question of who I am meant that an ego had been born.

Then what would happen next?

Before he could sort out his thoughts, an impersonal, simple and blind shock wave struck the ground.

"Damn it!"

Dante set up a defensive magic circle where Lilia was.

The mental body's shock wave hit the ground with tremendous density and spread out in a ring shape, creating a strong wind.

Dante was swept away by the powerful wind.

"Dante!"

Lilia ran to Dante in surprise.

The mental body disappeared into the night sky as if fleeing, but she couldn't even think of chasing after it.

"Dante! Dante! Wake up!"

Tears welled up in Lilia's eyes.

She was the one who dragged Dante into this. And he kept his promise to protect her until the sealing spell was over.

It was all because he mistook the entity of the enemy that Dante was in danger.

If something went wrong, everything would be her fault.
[Translated block]


```
"Ow, my head. That was a shock."

At that moment, Dante raised his upper body and rubbed his head.

Lilia looked at him with a blank expression.

"Dante, are you okay?"

"Phew, this is why instant magic circles are good."

Dante showed his palm. A defensive magic circle the size of a gold coin was engraved with a blue light.

He had quickly constructed a defensive magic circle in the moment of crisis and deflected the shockwave.

Lilia finally understood the situation.

But she wondered if it was possible in a split second without any leeway.

She felt her strength drain from her body and collapsed on the spot where she was standing.

"Haah, thank goodness. I'm sorry. Do you know how surprised I was when I thought you were dead?"

"If I died from that, I would have died a hundred times more. But what the hell was that? How can a spirit body create a shockwave?"

Lilia regained her composure and got up from her seat.

"It must have been a law. It was probably a defensive instinct that suddenly popped out when it gained a self. "

"A law? How can such a monstrous destructive power come out when using a law? It was almost magical in its power."

Law users pressurize the concept they want to attack by reinforcing the opposite concept.

Therefore, if magic artificially twists phenomena, law can be said to twist phenomena according to the natural order.

That's why they are not bound by equivalent exchange, but their physical power is lower than magic.

"It must be a law that transcends human categories. If humans accept law as 2 in terms of 'the number of law', then it is 1 for him. Because it was originally a law. He must have stayed as a spirit body for an eternity. Since he materialized, the intensity of the law must be different."

"So that's why the information entropy was so low. If he was a being of this place, he would have appeared by now. Anyway, the lower the entropy, the faster the change will happen."

Lilia agreed with him on the aspect of not having time, even though she was ignorant of information entropy.

"That's the problem. We have to catch him as soon as possible. Now that he has materialized, he will surely turn into something that will destroy the world."

"But... he's still in the early stages, right? There's no guarantee that he'll turn into evil."

Lilia shook her head firmly.

"Politer doesn't see all the disasters of the world. But once he sees the future, it never goes wrong. He said he would bring about the end. In short, that spirit body will eventually become evil."

"Hmm, I see. Well... we wouldn't have known anything if it wasn't for that Politer guy. Okay, then what do we do now?"

Lilia was about to say something, but looked at Dante.

There was something she had to correct before she started working on the command.

"But you... you're really strong. To be honest, I didn't expect much help from a student."

"What? All of a sudden? You don't have to say that, I'll help you anyway. Don't worry and just tell me your plan."

"No, I'm serious. I've been through countless exorcism operations as a member of the Commandery. I know how powerful that shockwave was. I'll express my gratitude on behalf of the Akeanis sect that follows the line."

Lilia bowed her head politely with her hands together.

But Dante didn't care at all.

He had heard too many expressions like great and thank you since he was young, and now he was yawning.

"I get it, okay? What are we going to do now? Since he's materialized, there's no use for soul-binding or whatever, right?"

"He's just born as a spirit body. This place is like a cradle for him. He won't leave easily. Of course, we're not in a situation to relax."

"Hmm, how about going outside and asking for help? No one believed us before, but now we can see the existence of disaster with our eyes."
```

I hope this translation is helpful to you. Do you have any other requests for me?
[Translated block]
Lilia shook her head with a regretful expression.

"It's too late. By the time we get back from the city, everything will be over. If the mental body enters the stage of intellectual reasoning, I won't be able to hold it back either."
[Translated block]