
Do you want me to continue translating or generating more story?
[Translated block]


"Okay. So what do we have to do?"

"We can't choose Park Yo-jin's coordinates as we please. We have to install it at the point where the golden margin's power is concentrated."

"Where is that?"

"It's the vertex when you draw an inverted pyramid from the golden margin. Take me there."

"It's a mountain over a mountain."

It was almost impossible to find Park Yo-jin's installation point in the maze where the monsters were roaming. At least the maze had to disappear for the operation to be solved.

"Okay. Anyway, let's go with that. Lilia and I will take care of the monsters, so Amy, you remove the maze. You're the only one who can go to the center of the radius with red eyes."

Lilia said worriedly.

"Are you sure you can do it alone? Their abilities are not magic. The other two must have gotten abilities comparable to the maze."

"That's why Amy has to step up. They'll probably target Amy first. Then it's better to split up and move. Amy. Can you do it?"

Amy couldn't answer. Jokre and his party had become stronger. No, they were skilled enough to pass the graduation test even before they became stronger.

'And I... failed.'

Dante said.

"You can do it. Trust yourself."

"I can't trust myself. I really don't have any confidence."

Amy was sincere.

"If you can't trust yourself, trust your family."

Amy lifted her head and Dante tapped her shoulder.

"There's no way you can't do what everyone in your family can do. You have to fight using everything you have."

Countless families have proven their talents. That's why they can trust themselves in any situation.

Amy's eyes were filled with determination and Dante left the building with a satisfied face.

"Let's go, Lilia. We have to get as close as possible to the coordinates while they focus on Amy."

Lilia followed Dante and asked.

"Are you okay? You don't seem very confident."

"I had a reason for that. But I'll be fine. I'm a little lost right now, but..."

Dante smiled and said.

"I'm not stupid enough to not know who's on top."

* * *

"Hohoho! You look great running away! You're worthy of being a student of a prestigious school!"

"Tsk! Shut up!"

Vivian popped out of the wall at every corner Amy ran and spat out mocking words. She was trying her best to find a way, but everywhere she went was in her palm.

The wall in front of Amy suddenly opened and Rudvans appeared chewing gum.

"Wrath of God."

He slammed an invisible shock bead into the ground and a shock wave with electric and elastic force sprang up, lifting Amy's body.

"I can see your panties."

As Amy landed after doing a somersault, Jokre approached her at high speed from the side.

"Speed Gear!"

The movement of the speed gear that adjusts inertia from level 1 to level 10 was completely contrary to physical laws. It felt like space-time was distorted as common sense was destroyed.

Amy hastily spread out an air shield. Jokre's fireball exploded, pushing her body far away.

'I can't find Vivian like this. I have to get up on the wall somehow.'

If she was in the air, she could activate an air tunnel and hit Vivian's body directly. But it wasn't easy to get such an opportunity against Jokre and his party.

'The ground is blocked by walls. Is sniper mode impossible after all? Maybe I should injure one of them and tie them up...'

Amy shook her head. She was thinking too much again. The advice she had heard from Dante flashed through her mind.

-You don't have a style.

'Style. My style.'

There is no way to deal with every situation. Amy focused only on sniper mode. At the same time, her eyes opened wide. A crucial idea was engraved in her head like lightning.

'Maybe... No, I can do it. I can do it.'
[Translated block]


Amy examined the structure of the wall and drew a virtual line between arbitrary points A and B. Then, based on the curvature of the wall, she measured the radian value and derived the central coordinates of Vivian's body by combining the Pythagorean theorem and trigonometry.

"I have the coordinates. But to hit it..."

It was impossible with sniper mode alone. There was no way for the flame to spread in a situation where all sides were blocked by walls.

But Amy didn't give up. As Shiro and Dante did, she deepened her strategy further.

"It's possible. As long as it's heavier than air..."

Amy's red eyes flashed like lightning.

"I need more power."

Power. Power. Power. Power. Power.

Her self-memory started to remove her distractions by repeating hundreds of backups per second.

Extreme self-censorship.

Her mind penetrated for a single purpose without a trace of impurity.

Focus on focus.

Her mental power amplified exponentially as if an explosion had occurred in her head.

One way.

A temporary trance that occurs when one concentrates on only one thought without any distractions.

"Inferno."

Two streams of fire twisted like pretzels under Amy's legs and rose above her head.

"What, what is that?"

Joker's party, who discovered the size of the flame Amy had created, stopped their charge and looked surprised. The gas density was so thick that it looked like paint dripping from the flames.

"That's..."

Joker, who majored in fire magic, realized what Amy was trying to do.

The fire of a thousand degrees city that even pro magicians find hard to reach.

Judging by the color of the flame, it was burning at least 1,300 degrees above her head.

"You, you... that..."

Joker's party didn't dare to approach. If Inferno exploded, everything within the radius would melt.

Amy turned to face the wall and said,

"Yeah. You can't even imitate it."

Joker frowned in confusion. He didn't understand why she was aiming at the wrong place after casting a magic that could break the situation. But Vivian realized it right away. Her face was petrified, but her expression was full of horror.

"No! Joker, stop her!"

Amy lifted both hands and lifted up the huge flame.

"Stop her! Stop her! She's going to attack the body!"

Joker didn't understand Vivian's words. How could she attack the body when there was a 30-meter-high barrier blocking it?

Amy smiled triumphantly and said,

"That's my style."

She bent her upper body like a bow and swung her hands down as she bounced her waist. The fire of a thousand degrees city, Inferno, flew over the 30-meter-high wall and flew across the sky.

Ludvans muttered with a blank expression.

"Artillery..."

The fireball with an enormous gas density drew a parabola across the sky.

Artillery fire has the advantage of being able to ignore cover, but it also has the disadvantage of low accuracy. However, Amy was able to hit the target precisely like a machine through self-memory.

"Aaaah!"

Vivian's clone screamed and disappeared. When Inferno fell into the center of the maze, she would melt in an instant in a petrified state where she couldn't move.

Boom!

The wall covering a radius of one kilometer collapsed into the ground at once, and Vivian, who was released from petrification, quickly left her place after taking over the scream of her clone.

Inferno exploded as it landed on the ground, melting the ground like molten iron. Glowing red like neon lights, lava dripped black impurities as they floated and quickly cooled in cold air.

The terrain before and after Inferno's fall was completely different. The ground was distorted like a devil's face.

Vivian, who barely escaped death, arrived at Joker. The maze was gone, but Amy was nowhere to be seen. Joker looked around and muttered with an annoyed expression.
[Translated block]


"Damn it! Where are you hiding?"

A dull thud sounded from where Rudvans was. He collapsed without even making a groan as a flaming stone hit the back of his head.
[Translated block]