


```text
[706] God of the Desert (5)

According to the truth of the secret religion, it is a stage (bardo) of experiencing the origin of existence, and there is also an opinion that it is similar to near-death experience medically.

It is often reported that patients in a coma face a different landscape than reality, and outstanding monks also look into the world of the soul through extreme meditation.

However, Shiro's current state was not a momentary enlightenment, but a clear sensation that accepted both reality and the backside at the same time.

"I'll check again."

As the maiden approached, breaking everything she saw, Shiro's face turned pale.

'Choeni Bardo!'

As Choeni Bardo combined two spaces as if combining past and future, countless routes that did not exist before unfolded like an electric circuit of a precise magic circle.

When Shiro avoided the attack and cast Homing Photon Cannon, a flash of light swept like a spin.

The monster's senses were activated as the upper body of the maiden vibrated as if bouncing off the string.

The air exploded just by shaking her upper body, and the photon cannon that wrapped around her disappeared as they collided with each other.

'Is that human?'

The maiden was also surprised.

'He definitely opened his eyes.'

The 7th sense corresponds to the sense hierarchy of flat angels according to heaven's standards.

Not to mention bending, it was the result of countless trials of flat angels who explored this world with seven senses.

The maiden lowered her posture and said.

"From now on, I will evaluate you in my own way."

Extremely intuitive, but because of that, there is no way to miss it.

'What is that?'

A huge organ device shaped like a steel heart flickered behind her like an illusion.

Acting-Nirvana E-Engine (V-12 cylinder).

Then the illusion disappeared and a clear V-shaped incarnation rose like wings, and Shiro's face distorted.

"Kruk!"

It felt like the world was bending around her, as if she was facing Lian's Mach.

'Since that day...'

He tasted the highest acceleration while facing Lian in Apocalypse, but he couldn't be satisfied with that.

If it's the same incarnation, serial is a waste, V-shaped bends up and installs more cylinders of law.

'I can run faster now.'

Very few people knew that before becoming immortal, the maiden was a genius engineer and a terrible speed freak of Mecca.

'Amita will be against it.'

The Tenro Association does not like habits before immortality.

"Shiro."

The corners of her mouth tore long.

"Will you go with me... to the end?"

Feeling creepy for a moment, V's incarnation burned like fire and she disappeared.

'Oh my god!'

It was useless to avoid attacks by mobilizing all his explosives and eyes.

To be honest, I didn't think I could stand it.

'How can you be so fast? Is it under control?'

Momo, who was watching Vanguard become a battlefield, grabbed his head with both hands.

"No! How can I protect Vanguard!"

Suddenly there was a bang in the wall that was fine, and then there was a thud inside.

Soon after pushing away the dust cloud, the shops collapsed one after another.

'I'm being caught up!'

A hundred magic spells are useless when moving so fast.

In desperation, Shiro ran seven times farther than Shiro and ran towards him in front of him.

"Shiro!"

Lian blocked him and swung his sword straight, and Parkdo made a sharp sound and bounced off.

"I'll take care of it! Bring Latuza!"

Shiro bit his lip.

"Are you okay? That woman..."

Shiro always trusted Lian, but this time he couldn't leave him alone.

"I know what you mean. I've already fought."

I still shudder when I think of the battle in Apocalypse.

"Don't worry. I won't die. But honestly... I don't have confidence in winning here."

Lian's words made his judgment clear, and Shiro left his seat through Choeni Bardo.
```
[Translated block]


"I see you again."

The woman with the sword approached him.

"Shall we try?"

Lian just smirked.

Kwaah!

The sound of Lian and the woman's swords shattering the vanguard reached Kido's ears.

"Tsk! Are we just goblins?"

When Marga's band of thieves arrived, Kido was standing on a spear held by his ten toes.

"What are you? Why are you attacking us?"

"You don't need to worry about your death."

As the deputy leader drew his sword and approached, a nerve-wracking aura enveloped Kido's body.

'Amazing, these guys.'

There were few organizations that could make a mess of the vanguard, which was formidable even in the central desert.

Each of them was a draker, and especially the woman who was fighting Lian was far beyond the realm of humans.

"Kuku, kukukuku."

The deputy leader's eyes became fierce at the sight of Kido laughing and shrugging his shoulders.

"Have you gone mad? What's so funny?"

"I'm finally clear-headed."

There are things you realize when you face a situation where you could die at any moment.

'Fate that I don't know when it will come....'

That it's useless.

"Right, Shirone?"

As Kido swung down the spear he was holding with both feet, the spear flew up into the sky with a whirring sound.

And as it fell back in front of his eyes, Kido's body spun at the same speed as the spear and rolled to the side.

"Running away is the best option!"

As Kido rolled the spear like a wagon wheel and went down the apartment vertically, Marga's band of thieves jumped down.

"Chase them! We have to catch them from the vanguard!"

Meanwhile, the woman who was pushing Lian back spotted Shirone climbing over the wall in the distance.

'Did she choose to meet Ral?'

The woman who couldn't let Shirone go ran to a nearby fueling device and grabbed a tank.

"Wait! Don't touch that!"

Momodo's scream was swept away by the wind, and the V-12 cylinder's cylinder transferred power to the woman's body.

"Kuuuuuuu!"

As the RPM soared like crazy, the tank began to shake violently.

"Oh, no...."

At the end of the increasingly intense vibration, the iron broke with a creaking sound.

"Kiyaaaaaaa!"

The woman who screamed like a beast twisted her waist and the tank spun wildly under centrifugal force and flew towards Shirone.

"It's 100 tons...."

Momodo, who had a blank expression on his face, came to his senses and shouted.

"It's a disaster! If the outer wall collapses....!"

"Shirone! Dodge!"

Shirone turned her head at Lian's voice and saw a huge tank and her eyes widened.

"What!"

The 100-ton tank made a loud noise and collapsed the wall.

"Ouch! What."

Shirone, who rolled out of the vanguard, clenched her fists in the sand of the desert as she lay down.

The first thing she realized was the sound of wind burning like fire.

'It's coming.'

Something huge was pushing in from the deep darkness of the desert.

"Start up the second tank and repair the windbreak wall! If we don't stop it at first, it'll all be smashed!"

Momodo quickly gave instructions, but a powerful wind rushed into the vanguard like a hole in a dike.

Sand flew around as the double windows rattled, and casualties were caused by debris from buildings.

A subordinate who jumped down from the tower shouted.

"Manager! Northcarta...! No...."

He changed his words, judging that he couldn't express his feelings with just the name of the trade wind.

"The god of the desert is coming!"

Shirone regained her senses and cast Shining Magic, and Caidra flew in from where the moon was shining with a monstrous sound.

'Thank goodness. She was nearby.'

Kido and Lian ran towards the exit, and at the exact timing, Photon Cannon blew up the iron door.

"Lian! Kido! Hurry!"

Shirone waved her hand and urged them on, and the deputy leader who was watching from afar shouted at his subordinates who were guarding the exit.
[Translated block]


"Stop! Don't let them ride the monster!"

As the members who were riding on the Omek raised their swords and ran from both sides, Kido stopped his steps.

"Tsk! Go ahead!"

"Kill the goblins first!"

The Omeks who jumped into the air stretched out their sharp claws and trampled on the spot where Kido was.

"Kido!"

Lian, who arrived at Siro, looked back and shouted.

Kraaaang!

As the dust settled, the sight of the Omeks with their legs cut off rolling on the ground in pain was visible.

Kido, who escaped by rolling his body like a ball, bit off one leg of the beast and ran to the exit.

"Puhehehe! How about that? I did well, right?"

"Stop eating already!"

Kido, who threw his leg at Siro's nagging, climbed on Kaidra and grabbed the reins.

"I'll drive! I've seen enough here!"

The Marga Thieves, who had all boarded the Omek, whipped and rushed towards Kaidra.

"Boss! Do we chase them?"

Woooooo!

The sound of the wind was so loud that even the voice could not be heard.

"Go to the end."

The maiden, who turned the reins and changed direction, stood at the front and the deputy leader looked back and gave instructions.

"Beat the drums! Locate them by sound!"

Dong! Dong! Dong! Dong! Dong!

Kaidra flew up as he heard the drum sound.

"Geez! It's really a huge wind!"

But the wind resistance was so severe that he couldn't easily raise his altitude.

The sound of the wind grew louder and louder, and even the fearless thieves swallowed their saliva.

'Are you really going to break through this?'

Kido shouted with a sense of intuition from the strength of the wind.

"Here it comes! Here it comes! Here it comes! Here it comes!"

At that moment, when Siro turned his head with a sound that seemed to tear his ears off, Lian pointed to the front.

"Siro! There!"

Norscarta.

The desert tsunami, which reached a height of 2 kilometers, eroded the horizon and approached.

Siro burst into laughter with a face that seemed to cry.

"Puhahahaha!"

The members running on the ground also discovered the giant wall of sand and lost their minds.

"Be prepared! It's over if you get eaten!"

Dong! Dong! Dong! Dong! Dong!

The maiden breathed deeply as she faced the wind that felt like tearing her skin off.

'It's nature's wind.'

She pulled down her only cloak and spread her upper body wide and lifted her head.

"Haaaaa."

Her eyes were white inside her trembling eyelids, and her waist swayed like a wave in sync with Omek's movement.

'Literally an animal.'

The deputy leader bit his lips hard as he looked at her soft back muscles.

'I don't care if you become an animal. If it's that person......'

Even if he fell into the realm of animals, he would willingly make her his king and give his life.

Kido clenched his reins and shouted.

"Hold on tight! We're crashing!"

Siro realized the logic of the law that ruled the desert as he stared at the huge sandstorm with a crazy mind.

'It's not wind.'

The essence of Norscarta, which was transmitted through paper, was emptiness of countless lives that had been eroded for eternity.

Graaaaaa!

Was it a coincidence created by the flow of air?

The sand particles sliding down along the wall of sand formed a huge skull and screamed.

'I won't be swallowed by emptiness!'

Even if only a miserable end remained in his fate, he would fight against the world until the end.

"Lian! Kido!"

A skull that popped out of the wall of sand stretched out its two hands and covered Kaidra.

"Let's go!"

At the same time, Lian swung his sword vertically.

"Waaaaaa!"

Godlike transcendence-Mach.

Peeeeeeeee!

As Lian's will divided the world, the skull's face carved on the wall of sand exploded in half.

Finally, the desert storm swallowed Kaidra.

"Yahoohooohooohoo!"

Kido's voice spread through the wind.
[Translated block]


"Don't miss it! We are the Maga Thieves!"

Doom. Doom. Doom. Doom. Doom.

The god of the desert, comes swallowing the void.
[Translated block]