


[511] Remaining Questions (1)

"Ugh! How dare such lowly creatures... me... me!"

The angels who were hiding in various places of the Temple under Anke Ra's command were caught off guard by Garas.

Garas, who had inherited the traits of the Night's minions with the Fuzix machine, and Garas, who was mercilessly trying to breed with the current angels, were now completely different creatures.

They had undergone an evolution that could be called a massive explosion.

Leaving offspring in the body of an angel, the highest creature in heaven, was the optimal choice for maintaining the species.

The already strong desire for species preservation soared endlessly, and as a result, the reproductive ability for all species except angels disappeared.

Garas's form, which only craved angels, changed into a giant tadpole and increased its numbers through self-cell division.

Just by touching their bodies, the angels conceived Garas's seeds, and even when they were removed by force, they somehow delivered their information through self-destruction.

"I'd rather die than suffer this humiliation...!"

The angels chose to annihilate themselves, and as a result, their numbers gradually decreased.

"Kiaaaak!"

A flock of Garas that filled the corridor burned without a trace by the light emitted by Rayel, the Archangel of Light.

"Crack! Crack!"

Satiel, the Archangel of Decomposition, who was in charge of the rear, decomposed the last remaining Garas below the molecular level.

They knew that there was no way Garas could touch them, but it was still creepy to see them flying.

"Disgusting things. How dare they rape angels?"

"It's not for nothing that they're called quarantine species. Anyway, the situation is serious. We've already lost half of our angelic power."

Anke Ra was waiting for Satan to disappear.

Once they realized that fact, the only thing the two archangels had to do was to keep as many angels alive as possible.

There was also a problem of planning for the future, but if Satan's power grew any stronger, they wouldn't be able to reset and it would be over.

"How pathetic."

What made them angry more than anything was that most of the angels chose to annihilate themselves.

'They were too arrogant.'

Thinking of the human battle that found hope in despair, Satiel thought again about the meaning of sublimity that symbolized angels.

Kuuuuuuung!

Then there was a loud noise from the gate of Arabot that touched the Temple.

Satiel's face crumpled as he looked down.

The rebels were entering Arabot.

"Advance! Advance! Victory is at hand!"

"Execute Ra!"

The rebels, who had been in a bad situation just an hour ago, had turned the tide of war drastically.

It was because the Maras, who were their dependents, disappeared as the angels annihilated themselves.

They clung to that small spark of hope and broke through Arabot's walls.

'I see hope!'

Everyone's eyes were filled with anger at losing their comrades and determination to win the war.

But the rebels didn't know.

Even at this moment, there was a presence of God's punishment falling towards the center of heaven.

Time left until heaven's destruction.

3 minutes 21 seconds.

* * *

Satan wandered around destroying all the buildings in the Temple.

He was so huge that he didn't need to target anyone specifically.

Wherever he went was ruin and doom.

"This is fun."

Looking down on the miserable world, weak and pathetic beings that crumbled at his feet.

"Kukuku. Kuhahaha!"

Satan's laughter was more intense than thunder, and the atmosphere trembled as plants and rocks vibrated.

"How big do you think you'll get?"

Ikael's three-cornered Mara Ashur watched Satan's rampage with Girsin, the giant legion commander.

"He's already on par with Imir in terms of brute force."

And he was a being who had escaped from the law, so there was nothing they could do until Ra's will was activated.

Girsin didn't bluff in front of Satan's power either.

"He's definitely strong. I wouldn't stand a chance either. But..."

He turned his head to Ashur and widened his eyes.
[Translated block]


"Do not compare his power with him."

Ashur's signal was powerful enough to break the balance of the triangle Mara, but the strongest for Girshin was always Imir.

True strength is strength that cannot exist in relativity.

Only Imir had reached that level in heaven.

* * *

"Step back. I'll do it."

Etela blocked Miro's way as she approached Satan.

Miro's face, which was confirmed like a thief, was terribly cold unlike before.

"What? Do you have anything to say?"

"Ah, me too...."

Etela quickly came to her senses, but couldn't finish her sentence.

She couldn't even shock Satan's body with the Thousand Sound Guanyin Thunderstrike.

The will to crush any evil was shattered in front of Satan.

Miro looked down at Etela's broken fist.

If you don't swing with extreme determination, a human hand can't reach that point.

"I don't blame you. You can't fight with that fist anyway, can you?"

Etela bit her lip and swallowed her anger.

'What is a follower of good. What is a monk who fights for the world.'

The sense of powerlessness was as great as the strong belief.

Miro passed the way Etela opened.

When he pushed back with his hands clasped, there was a click from his shoulders and elbows.

As he approached within a few feet, twisting his neck left and right, Satan turned his head.

'What?'

It was a distance that could never be confirmed by eye because of the height that pierced the sky, but strangely enough, he felt Miro approaching as clearly as possible.

With a different energy from Etela. Satan's evil, which had nothing rough, flared up like fire.

"Kkkkkk! What is this?"

Kuuuuuuuuuuuung!

When Satan stomped his foot, a radius of 100 meters was destroyed.

Sain, who took Etela and avoided the place, quickly cleared the dust cloud with iron eyes.

"Miro?"

Sain's face suddenly turned pale when Miro didn't show up.

"He's crazy."

The location of Miro felt through empathy was under Satan's foot.

"Hoo?"

Satan lifted his foot with a puzzled expression on his face, revealing Miro holding his right hand with his left hand.

The sole of his foot that stepped on Miro was sunken, but compared to his huge body, it wasn't even pain.

"How ridiculous, human. How dare you oppose me, the incarnation of evil."

"Is it funny? Is this now?"

Miro, who had been staring at Satan coldly, loosened his expression as if he had never done so and sneered.

"No, really funny thing is your ugly face."

Krrrrrrrrr.

A rough sound came from Satan's mouth with his teeth exposed.

"Hahahahahaha!"

But the next moment, anger turned into laughter and all the humans on the ground covered their ears.

"Such a lowly human!"

Satan stopped laughing suddenly at some point and glared at Miro with eyes burning with flames.

He who had been rampaging without any resistance showed his will to kill for the first time against one target.

"We have to stop it!"

Sain grabbed Etela's shoulder as she tried to fly away.

"Wait. Miro must have something in mind."

"I know how strong Miro is. But scale magic won't work on Satan."

Satan is an existence outside the law.

The only thing that can destroy his absolute chaos is a powerful will that can change the law.

"You don't know Miro well yet."

Sain looked back at Miro.

"She created a dimensional wall to protect humanity. She was the only person who could do that. But Miro wasn't originally like that. It might have been a huge blessing for us, but for her it was nothing more than shackles."

Etela couldn't believe it easily.

Miro's space-time is the extreme that scale magicians can reach.

If even that level is nothing more than shackles, can such a person really be called human?

"Then what kind of person is Miro?"
[Translated block]


```
"To be honest, I don't know either. How to define that whimsical woman."

Ethela's face changed to disbelief.

"But this one thing is certain."

Sein looked at Miro, who was standing in a three-point stance with her hips out, emphasizing the curves of her body.

"The Miro I experienced can do anything that humans dream of."

In front of the overwhelming body of Satan, Miro was not intimidated, but smiled leisurely.

"Hehe, I'm just doing what I want."

"Woooooo!"

Satan roared and raised his fist to his head, aiming at her.

This time it will be different.

If he crushes her with his full-strength fist, even the world's Miro would be nothing but a piece of meat.

With that confidence, he tried to slam his fist down, but his movement twitched and his eyes widened.

A mysterious energy was emanating from Miro's body.

The energy that flickered like a mirage gradually condensed in the air and finally began to materialize into an avatar.

The avatar had a calm blue light on its face, a peaceful look on its face, and a smile on its lips.

Mental transcendence - Prajna.

Ethela muttered in a blank expression.

"That's impossible."

The afterimage of the avatar grew bigger and bigger.

It grew bigger, bigger, and endlessly bigger, beyond enlargement to the point of calling it expansion.

The avatar rose to the height of Satan.

He watched silently as his head slowly lifted toward the sky.

Finally, Miro's avatar exceeded the limit that could be confirmed by eye and left for outer space.

The final size reached was about 128 times the size of a planet.

The whole sky was filled with Miro's avatar.

"Ah, ahhh..."

Arius knelt down and shed tears of emotion, raising his hand toward Miro.

This is Miro.

In front of her, any human becomes a worthless being.

The avatar of Guanyin looking down on the whole world.

That was why Arius, who had been called the villain of the world, willingly lowered himself to the status of a dog.

"This is the end."

Miro released her three-point stance and turned her hands in a circle, drawing a circle as if to emphasize the giant avatar's movement.

The avatar's arms moved from one end of the sky to the other, making the world seem to sway.

"Thousand-Handed Guanyin..."

Ethela's voice trembled.

The avatar's two arms coming down from the top of his head split into countless afterimages with each minimum unit of time.

The countless afterimages followed like tails and pushed toward Satan in a sight that was her greatest enlightenment in her life.

'The power of the avatar...'

Miro concentrated all her willpower and opened her eyes wide with her palms together.

'Compress it into one point!'

Prajnaparamita - Paradise Field.

There is no sound, no smell, no shape.

Only the fact that 108 million palms are flying in from left and right could be guessed by Satan.

He realized the serious crisis and his pupils quickly darted left and right.

He didn't know what outcome awaited him, but he didn't want to be hit by that technique even if he sold his soul.

'I have to avoid it!'

But where?

As soon as he realized it, his strength drained out of his body.

"Damn it..."

Dudududududu!

"Kaaaaaaa!"

As the avatar's palms collided with the planet in between, 108 million shockwaves rushed in at once.

Satan shook his body like crazy as he felt his whole body crumble from the shock.

The impact of the giant avatar compressing into a single point and striking was a sensation that could only be tasted at the end of the world.

Every cell in Satan's body swelled up like a balloon and his red skin became bumpy like embossing.

His body distorted so severely that he lost his original shape and exploded with a bang, then quickly shrank.
```
[Translated block]


"Kyaaaaa!"

A wicked scream sound tore through the sky.
[Translated block]