


[310] The Wheel of Causality (2)

'What happened? Archangel Ikael and Gepin. Is there any connection between them? Or is it just a coincidence?'

It was definitely related to the reset. I'll have to research it when I get out of the palace.

If the reset is true, there is a high possibility that traces remain in the depths of another person. I'll kidnap them and dissect them as they come.

He slowed down as the inner gate came into view. Guards with torches were roaming on the wall.

Arius cautiously tried to flicker. He disappeared with a crackling sound and reappeared 30 centimeters ahead. The time distortion was gone.

'Was it blocked?'

It was hard for Armin to find his exact location since he spent a lot of time in the food storage. The only way was to expand the spirit zone and distort the entire radius.

Besides, considering that his timeline was short, there was a good chance that he had already left.

"But it feels weird."

Arius carefully watched the movement of the guards.

He realized that there was a gap in the perimeter for about two minutes, and he waited for the time to come and ran out kicking the ground. It was over when he pierced the wall with a flicker.

'Eat shit. Annoying Kazra.'

"Where are you going so busy?"

Arius's run stopped abruptly.

The voice came from behind. He was a skilled person who couldn't even feel his presence.

'Damn it!'

Arius turned around slowly. If he tried to do something clumsy, his neck would fall off.

Kazra's captain of the guard, Litney Walker, was holding his sword down and laughing like a beast.

'The worst situation.'

Why did it have to be that guy?

Kazra was weak in magic, but his swordsmanship level was not low. Moreover, Walker was the swordsman who was most faithful to the textbook of the Grand Magician War.

The best strategy for a swordsman to face a magician is 'cut before using magic'. And Walker was the swordsman who performed it best in Kazra. It was because he read it in the court swordsmanship beginner written by him.

Walker leaned his sword on the ground and looked up at the night sky.

Even though he turned his gaze, Arius couldn't move. It was as if Walker's nerves flew over and tied him like a snare.

"It's not a time for people to walk around. On days like this, even bars close their doors."

"Haha! I had an urgent appointment. By the way, what are you doing, captain? Patrol?"

"Kuku, why are you doing this, players?"

Walker's pupils glowed like nocturnal animals.

"You're a grave robber, right? Arius of Madogirl."

"I don't know what you're talking about. How many people have the name Arius?"

Walker was neither Terra's faction nor Orcamp's faction. He was someone who worked for the prosperity of the kingdom.

He had been tracking Arius for a long time.

Madogirl didn't matter. It was an inevitable choice for Kazra, who had weak magic power. But he couldn't leave him alone if he messed up the kingdom.

"Do you know what's scarier than a violent king? It's a traitor. Give me a choice. Either surrender or be cut in half by my sword."

"I wondered why things went well."

Arius lowered his hand slowly, revealing his true colors.

He didn't think about running away and acted, so Walker didn't move either. It was wisdom gained from long experience.

The reason why a magician with teleportation can't run away from a swordsman is because of the human time it takes to activate it.

Once magic is activated, the swordsman cannot catch up with the magician. But in phenomena that occur in human territory, the senses of schema masters far surpassed magicians.

The moment when the battery is installed is captured by the swordsman in some way, which is still a mystery to magicians. According to swordsmen, they feel that their temperament changes.

Arius watched Walker's every move. From Walker's point of view, it would be no different from an ordinary person staring at him, but he had some information he had gained because he wasn't a novice magician. Walker's momentum was like a volcano on the verge of exploding.
[Translated block]


Arius sighed with a frustrated expression.

"Phew. Annoying."

Bang! A sword was stuck in the place where Arius was standing. As if he was following the sword later, Walker appeared in a vertical cut finishing pose.

"This damn...!"

Arius was gone. He was half a tempo late.

No, he couldn't even be sure of that. The timing was definitely accurate.

The speed of cognition, the speed of sensation, the speed of nerves, the speed of action. Everything surpassed the opponent. Arius must not have seen his movements. There must have been a gap as big as the time between humans and mosquitoes.

'But how did he escape?'

First of all, it's not a movement magic. Nor was it a flicker. He just disappeared.

Invisible magic invisibility? Even so, it doesn't make sense that the casting speed is faster.

But for now, it was an undeniable possibility, so Walker looked around.

"Captain! What's going on?"

The guards ran over after hearing the blast.

"Find Arius from now on. Strengthen the inner wall and gather all the standby troops."

"Ah, Arius? Isn't he His Majesty's technical advisor?"

"It's treason. It gets harder if you drag on time, so move quickly."

The guards scattered in an orderly manner.

Walker watched his subordinates' movements and went into the forest. If he cast invisible magic, there must have been some traces left somewhere.

Flicker magic was cast in a place where everyone had left. A man appeared like a ghost. It was Armin.

"Apoptosis. A rational judgment."

Apoptosis is known to be one of the most difficult scale magics in smile space. That's because it's a magic that dives into your mind with your own mind.

When the body enters the mind, the boundary between thought and reality collapses and becomes a conceptual body. There is no emotion and no thought. The possibility of Arius returning on his own was very slim.

'It's better than dying.'

It's definitely better than dying.

If you're a magician, you have at least one skill of your life.

In fact, Walker's reaction was impeccable. But apoptosis was a re-eating of the spirit zone, so there was almost no casting time compared to other magic.

The reason Armin released time distortion was to prepare for the case when Arius was caught by Walker. It doesn't matter if he dies, but if he gets caught unnecessarily and blabbers about this and that, things get complicated.

'I don't have to worry for a while.'

There is no way he tried apoptosis without a way back. He made a pact with someone or prepared some kind of device in preparation for this situation.

One year or ten years. Maybe even 100 years may not come back. But it was certain that he would come back someday.

'The accomplice side is more likely. I'll have to start investigating from there.'

The most likely candidate was Mado7 Girl.

Armin frowned as he recalled the faces of the members. Arius belonged to the decent side among those who had gone crazy.

'Let's get started.'

Armin looked around Wangseong.

He wanted to stay by Sirone's side a little longer, but now there was no time to delay. He had to go back to Kira as soon as possible.

As he cast flicker magic, his figure disappeared with a popping sound. Walker's scream echoed faintly over the vacant lot.

* * *

Zenoger was running through the underground emergency exit.

Every ten steps he moved, a trap went off. A trap that opens the floor, a trap that shoots arrows, a trap that swings logs with nails on them like swings.

Zenoger avoided the traps without slowing down his speed. If the floor opened, he jumped over it, and the log with nails got stuck in the spider web that spewed out of his mouth halfway through.

"Ha! Ha!"

He leaned his back against the corner of the underground maze and took a short break. Sweat drops ran down his forehead as he looked up at the ceiling.
[Translated block]


I couldn't save Zion. So I ran away. Teraze would not spare an assassin who failed his mission.

If it was just his death, he could accept it, but the Spatur tribe, who relied on Teraze's support for everything, would disappear.

'I have to run away. And I have to find a force to rely on.'

They were a tribe that had been assassinating for a thousand years. They may not be comparable to Teraze's castle, but there were plenty of forces that needed them.

Zenoger recovered his strength from the bottom and ran through the maze again. He had to get out of the castle before dawn.

The floor opened like a trapdoor. He jumped just before falling with his spider senses and attached a spider web to the ceiling and flew in a parabola. At the same time, a dagger flew in front of him.

"Kruk!"

He twisted his waist while swinging like a pendulum and dodged the dagger.

It was something that humans threw, but the dagger flew like an arrow and stuck to the wall.

Zenoger landed on the floor and immediately took a defensive stance. His chest swelled and four arms popped out, and six pupils opened on his left and right temples.

"Who are you? Come out."

A slender woman turned around from the corner hidden by the darkness.

Black short hair with straight bangs. Her face was slightly squinted, and she wore a straight dress with a narrow skirt that was not suitable for an assassin. It was as if it was not clothes but wrapping paper that wrapped around her.

Her two hands, which were slightly gathered, held the sheath and handle of the dagger, and the blade was half out.

"A hitman? Who paid you?"

"There is nothing to tell those who leave this world."

It was a clear voice that cleared his mind just by listening.

But Zenoger couldn't fool his ears. It was a voice distorted by tremendous training.

"Kuku, well... That's how we live."

As soon as Zenoger finished speaking, the dagger flew.

Zenoger jumped to the ceiling and sprinkled spider webs around. He changed the environment to his own and then whipped a wire as thick as his finger.

The woman's figure seemed to be several, then she moved behind him in an instant as if riding on a rail.

'What a unique gait.'

No matter how he thought about it, the narrow straight skirt was not suitable for combat. Even if he spread his legs as much as possible, he could only cover half of the normal stride. The strange sandals that he put between his toes were also annoying.

But her walking speed was faster than he could imagine. And the acceleration section was so dense that it felt like chasing afterimages. It seemed slow at first, but as the short distance exploded, it came up to his eyes in no time. It was very tricky. It wasn't normal acceleration, so he couldn't time it exactly.

'He has a completely different sense of rhythm.'

He must be living on this.

If he had to classify it, it was circus. A general term for hitmen who use their athletic abilities to deceive their opponents.

He wondered who she was for a moment, but it was only a fleeting thought. It's no different from saying that you've seen everything when an assassin who is active in the field becomes known by name.

Zenoger made a curtain with spider webs to block access. He began to predict his movements as he got used to the rhythm.

From then on, the tide turned.

Zenoger jumped between walls like a spider and approached her.

The dagger flew at an offbeat rhythm, but he didn't waver anymore. He caught the last dagger in his mouth by twisting his neck.

"Kukuk! You were pretty good for a circus."

Zenoger dug into her chest and lifted her upper arm in reverse joint. He grabbed her face with his hand over her shoulder and pushed it into the wall with her head back.

There was a thud followed by blood on her face. Fragments of porcelain-like skin fell to the floor.

Zenoger moved his left three hands quickly. He choked her neck with one hand and put another hand under her skirt. There was no genitals
[Translated block]


```text
The hand hanging in the middle grabbed and tore her breast. As the silk-like cloth was torn off, he felt the lumpy cushion-like touch similar to fat
[Translated block]