


Fallen Woman (2)

Anchal couldn't hide his emotions.

"I know it's unreasonable. But what other way is there? Maybe... maybe we can turn the tables."

It was the first hope.

'There is definitely a chance. If we close the psychic power... the army of hell is just a number.'

Shirone was lost in thought.

'An unforgivable thing. With this, Mara becomes stronger. But this time...

He would be trapped in Seongeum's mind forever.

"Shirone, this is different from what you chose in Kashan's capital. With this, Mara will be sealed forever. Send the princess away. You have your own fight." If he couldn't hit Gustav's empire, he couldn't push back the demons in the central continent.

'Amy.'

His family in Tormia would die.

"I'll go to Seongeum."

How could he not accept it?

"You guys have lost your reason. It's not just dying, you have to be locked up in hell forever. Can you do it?"

"Yes! I lost my reason!"

Anchal shouted.

"Being calm in this situation is rather crazy. Not everyone is as strong as you. You're crazy! We're normal!"

Is that really so?

Is it crazy to save Seongeum in front of the crisis of his loved one, to ignore the death of his family?

Anchal grabbed Shirone's collar.

"Stay still. Just... don't think about anything. It'll be over soon. After it's over, then you can think about it."

"Let go of this."

Shirone's eyes sank coldly.

"If you don't want to see what really crazy is."

Anchal flinched his shoulders at the murderous aura that felt like his throat was being cut and let go of his collar.

"...Do you really have to go?" Anchal also had a fighting spirit.

"I'm going."

"You're destroying yourself because of you. All of humanity will suffer because of you. Because of you, all because of you!"

He couldn't refute it.

'Seongeum's choice is the strongest move. I certainly can't do better than her.'

He practices the ultimate love.

'Words are so beautiful.'

Everyone dreams of such a world, but in the end, what comes back to Shirone is the criticism of all mankind.

'It's me.'

The person who came up on the crossroads of choice without a single ally was ironically me.

'What would you have done?'

It seemed like he could hear Nane's answer.

'Yes, I'm right. But...'

Tears ran down Shirone's cheek as he bowed his head.

'You can never be wrong.'

It's not wrong.

It's not because it's right, but because it wasn't wrong that he would protect this world until the end, right?

"Get a grip, Anchal."

Shirone clenched his teeth and said.

"What more explanation do you want? What philosophy, what belief, what emotion do you bring up...

The fighting spirit disappeared.

"Saving Seongeum is right."

"I'll kill you."

Anchal took off his blindfold and opened his magic eye.

"For Jincheon Empire, you... His throat tightened and Anchal stopped talking.

Red blood flowed down under his magic eye, which was emitting a creepy glow.

"Save me??????

His voice squeezed out as if he was wringing it out.

"Save me, please, poor our baby...

What to do at the crossroads of choice is actually something everyone knows.

Anchal knelt down and wailed.

"Save my lady. Please... As soon as he finished speaking, Shirone's body turned into a flash and flew away as an electric current.

"Open the 12th amplifier! The space-time interception device Guangcheonseong is ready to operate!"

A dark pillar shaped like a tube placed on an electric current.

Wires were connected all around and blue electricity flashed on the wall.

When the door of the pillar named Guangcheonseong opened, a space where one person could barely fit came out.

All the bureaucrats of Jincheon were in their places, but no one could meet Seongeum's eyes.
[Translated block]


```text
"Father."

Only Emperor Jinkang of Jinchun, who chose eternal hell, looked down at his daughter.

"Be sure to win."

Sitting crookedly and leaning his head, Jinkang was silent.

'Don't be afraid.'

As everyone knew the terrible result, Seongeum no longer left any affection and moved his steps coldly.

The door slammed shut as he entered Gwangcheonseong.

When Seongeum fully opens the Immortal Function, Gwangcheonseong precisely controls the space of the entire planet.

In that state, closing the psychic power and making the distance between Gustav and Jinchun Empire across the sea zero.

It was a strategy for Jinchun's troops to raid Gustav's capital through land.

"The princess has opened the Immortal Function."

The managers of Jinchun Space Agency reported after receiving a signal from Gwangcheonseong.

'There is no hesitation for a second.'

He was proud of his daughter, and finally some emotion appeared on Jinkang's face.

"Your, Your Majesty...

That emotion, his face twisted like a monster, was that of the most angry person in the world.

'Peel off every bone without leaving one.'

Kill, kill, and kill again.

He will continue to send horrible corpses of demons to his daughter who will wander in hell forever.

"Mental value is rising! 60%! 70%!"

As the report continued, the door of Daejeon broke and Shirone entered.

"Seongeum??????!"

Shirone glanced around in an instant, but Seongeum was not visible in his eyes and a black tube was standing.

"Damn it!"

It wouldn't have been too late yet.

Shirone rushed to Gwangcheonseong and tried to exert force by touching a pillar.

"What are you doing!"

Jinkang shouted loudly.

At the same time, Jinchun's generals, Oryongjang, each holding their own weapons, surrounded Shirone.

"Step back. Even if it's you, I have no choice but to kill you."

Shirone glared at Jinkang.

"Stop it. Please. Don't make something you'll regret for the rest of your life."

The time was urgent, so the words were short, but the emotions contained were so huge.

"You will regret it."

Jinkang got up from his seat.

"I will too, Seongeum too, until I die. No, Seongeum can't even die."

"So...

"So what?"

Jinkang's eyes spewed out abnormal madness.

"What does regret mean? Just accept it. I'm going through what my daughter is going through!"

"You're crazy."

"I don't care about that either."

Jinkang reached out his hand.

"Pull him out."

Yeo Dal, the captain of Oryongjang, swung his weapon Gwangjanggon and rushed towards Shirone.

'There is no time.'

He had no choice but to knock down Yeo Dal in the shortest distance using Time Vibration.

Bang!

At that moment, the ceiling collapsed and Lian landed next to Shirone and twisted his waist.

"Huh!"

Daedokdo was drawn horizontally, and four of Jinchun's best masters retreated at the same time.

Kurururung!

A line was engraved on the wall in all directions at a height of 3 meters and dust rose up.

He cut off Daejeon as a whole, but it did not collapse because it was perfectly horizontal.

It was in the form of a ceiling on top, and Oryongjang's will was quickly broken by its power and precision.

'The Knight of Mach.'

Shirone shouted.

"Lian!"

"I don't know what's going on, but just do it. I'll take care of it."

There was no doubt that it was Shirone's choice even though he didn't know what happened first or last.

"The Immortal Function opening is complete!" As an employee of Jinchun Space Agency shouted, Shirone approached Gwangcheonseong and shouted.

"Seongeum! Wait! No!"

The roar of Gwangcheonseong subsided with a roar.

The managers turned their heads in surprise, and some reason appeared on Jinkang's face as well.

"Seo-, Seongeum...

As Shirone spoke, a blue light burst out from Gwangcheonseong, which was completely sealed.
```
[Translated block]


```text
"No!"

The manager of the Jincheon Space Station shouted.

"Guangcheon Star Operation Start! I will seal the psychic power and connect the territories of Gustav and Jincheon!"

"Miss...

Anchal, who came late, knelt down, and Oryongjang bowed his head with a gloomy face.

"I will not forget the sacrifice of Her Highness."

Lian shouted.

"Shirone! Is it over?"

Of course not.

"I'll be back!"

If you fully open the Immortal Function, you can't go back to reality again....

'I can't let you go like this!'

Shirone was an infinite magician.

As Yahweh's light spread brightly, Shirone's mind expanded into the infinite realm.

The feeling of information intertwining was quite huge, but Shirone did not miss the sound.

'There it is!'

There is no standard to specify Pia because it is a mental state.

However, if Shirone expressed it by feeling, it was certain that he grabbed the hand of the sound heading to the back world.

"Don't go."

Standing at the entrance where the flames of hell burned, Seongeum slowly turned his body.

"You came, Shirone. It's like you."

"You don't have to do this. No matter how much the world is like hell, it's wrong for someone to become like this."

Seongeum shook his head.

"It's too late. I'm not an infinite magician. And... I don't want to go back either."

"I won't let you go."

Shirone held Seongeum's hand tighter.

"I'll definitely take you with me."

It was nothing more than a feeling that happened at the mental level, but Seongeum seemed to smile.

"You and me, and him."

The three competitors who had the highest carl.

"We each had a respectable belief. But Shirone, I hope you don't think that only persistence is everything."

Shirone's mind trembled.

"What are you talking about? Don't do that. Let's go back first. We can talk when we go back."

He felt like he was holding Seongeum's hand, but he didn't actually hold anything.

"I hope you don't hate me too much. You too, he too, you understand the world better than anyone else."

"I know. I'll do that when you come back. If I let you go like this, the people left behind won't be able to live."

"That's not true."

As long as hell is not destroyed, Buddha and Yahweh will be in opposition forever.

"If we three drink tea and chat...

Seongeum's mind began to fade.

"...I thought it would be nice." Shirone desperately clenched his fist.

"Wait. Please."

She who had been decomposed to the point where she could no longer be decomposed escaped from Shirone's mind.

"No way!"

Seongeum's last words were heard.

-I respect you, Shirone.

He was angry that her innocence, who could not convey her sincerity until the end, was even more angry.

Shirone, who felt Seongeum falling into hell, concentrated all his reason on one point in the infinite realm.

"Ahhhhhh!"

Shirone regained consciousness in the infinite realm and bent over with a grimace on his face.

"Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhhh!"

Anger.

Uncontrollable anger exploded and Yahweh's light surrounding Shirone began to burn black.

"That, that..."

Anchal's face turned pale.

'Yahweh's incarnation is disappearing.'

Clearly human emotions, and only tremendous anger made up all of Shirone.

"...Psychic power?" It was a low-pitched voice, but the manager of Jincheon Space Station was dizzy with fear.

"It's closing."

"Let's go, Lian."

Lian put his big stick on his shoulder and asked.

"Where?"

"Gustav."

Shirone glared at the front with a scary look.

"I'll kill them all."

The air in the hall froze at the words of a ruthless magician who had lost his love.

The image that came to everyone's mind as they felt that cold air was one thing.

'Monster.'

It wasn't violent as expected.

'I'm waiting for you.'
```
[Translated block]


He just seemed glad that the prison door was open, and he was smiling coldly at the world.
[Translated block]