


[790] Dead Calm (3)

* * *

"Who are you?"

When Shirone opened the hotel door at the knock, a woman he had never seen before was standing there with a smile.

"Who... are you?"

He had no choice but to ask again because of her unfamiliar appearance.

"Hello! Wizard! I'm Barho Langi, who was chosen as Miss Arachne this time."

"Miss Arachne?"

His guard was slightly lowered by her bright greeting, but her identity brought a new tension.

"What brings such a person to me?"

Langi, who seemed to have been prepared somewhere, pushed forward a spirit magazine from the Kingdom of Thorumia.

"I'm a fan. You graduated from Alpheus Magic School as the top student and are active in the Ivory Tower, where only the most outstanding wizards in the world can enter."

Shirone had a blank expression on his face.

"Hehe, I'm very interested in magic. Can I ask for one autograph if it's okay?"

On the spread spirit magazine, Shirone's face was printed huge, who had defeated Dante in the 2000th duel.

'Was I that rustic?'

He was undoubtedly a country boy, but honestly, he didn't feel how much he had changed into a city-like person now.

"Okay. Come in first."

While Shirone, who invited Langi into the room, was looking for a pen, she looked around the suite room.

'I'm here for the first time too.'

The Royal Arachne Hotel is a place where VIPs stay, and there are over 40 rooms just for VVIPs staying on the lower floors.

However, the room currently used by Shirone was using the entire top floor.

It's a room used only when calling extreme poverty, and as far as she knows, the door here doesn't open twice a year.

'Ivory Tower's wizard...'

A transnational figure that politicians, whom she calls snakes, tremble and fear at the drinking party.

'He looks innocent.'

He didn't even touch the top-class alcohol in the suite room, and there was only one old book on the wide bed.

'He's also humble. But what's so scary?'

Seeing him running around the wide room looking for a pen, she even thought he was cute.

"Oh, right!"

Shirone stopped in the middle of the floor and shook his body looking at the ceiling.

"If you don't have a pen, I can use mine..."

Before Langi's words were over, Shirone grabbed his head and said.

"Hey, I'm a complete fool!"

"Huh? Fool?"

Shirone sighed and came empty-handed and held out his hand in front of the dining table.

'Material.'

The information was assembled at a terrifying speed, and before he knew it, he had a sign pen in his hand.

"Ho?"

Langi's eyes sparkled.

'Is there such magic?'

She had seen high-ranking officials of the Magic Association showing off and using various magic, but it was the first time she had seen making a pen.

"It's fun. It's just like magic."

Langi doesn't know.

The theory contained in this magic is the fact that it is all the batteries in the world.

"Hehe, that's right. I always have a habit of looking for things, so I forget like this."

"Oh my? Then can you make other things too?"

Shirone smiled awkwardly.

"In theory, yes."

Only Yahweh hates the act of disrupting the system, and if he wants, he can churn out diamonds indefinitely.

However, Langi, who is ignorant of magic, took Shirone's humility as it is.

'Well, if you can make anything, it's a god?'

Shirone, who has never signed anyone in his life, had a dry mouth and trembling hands.

'I must not disappoint. If I make a mistake, I have to turn it back.'

Thanks to the equipped weapon of repentance called Sipokgam, the sign was successfully completed as if it were.

"Here's the sign. I hope you like it."

"I love it so much."

Langi hugged the magazine.

'Is it my turn to sign now, the great wizard staying in the hotel suite room?'

Shirone didn't know why Miss Arachne invited him to the hotel room, even if he was a good person.
[Translated block]


"It's not your fault."

Even the feeling of being entertained is first-class, Lanqi opened her heart willingly.

"Because you're a man, it's natural for you to want me."

So.

"I'll forget. Everything."

I hope there is no memory of today.

A sound came from her stomach, who was looking for a way to stay here.

Lanqi said with a shy smile.

"I've been starving for days because of the competition preparation, and now it's hard to move. Would you like to have dinner together......"

"Just a moment. I have some bread left on the way."

She was hungry and pitiful, and Shirone hurriedly rummaged through her bag, but soon found herself in an embarrassing situation.

"Huh? This......"

It was a hard bread that travelers love, and the bite marks were clear.

"I'm sorry. I'll ask for other food."

"It's okay. We're all the same people. And I really like this bread. It's the best for dieting."

Shirone, who never dreamed of giving Miss Arachne the leftover bread.

Lanqi snatched the bread and cut it in half, handing over the remaining part.

"I'll only eat half. There should be jam made with strawberries. Oh, and because it's dry...

She skillfully found things and put them on the table, and she took out the top wine from the shelf.

"A little bit of alcohol."

Dinner began, and by the time the bread was eaten, the intoxication came up.

"Do you have a boyfriend, Shirone?"

"Yes, I do."

Lanqi, who asked with the certainty that she didn't, opened her eyes wide in surprise.

"He's a friend I met at school, but now we're apart. He's a soldier."

"Ho? A soldier."

Lanqi, who calculated the compatibility with Shirone, judged that it would be good to push aggressively.

"He's really strong in will as well as magic skills. When he threw a punch at his friend Nade during the graduation exam......"

It seemed that she really liked the woman named Amy, seeing her excitedly talking for the first time.

'Even so, talking about a boyfriend in front of a woman all day long. Is it naive, or stupid?'

Lanqi, who listened to Shirone's story to the end, gulped down the last remaining wine and stood up.

"Right. Shall I give you a shoulder massage?"

When Lanqi turned around and touched her shoulder, Shirone's neck shrank like a snail.

"Uh, I'm fine."

"Just stay still. I'm good at massage. Or what? Can't you touch your body unless you're a boyfriend?"

"No
[Translated block]


"It's not a betrayal. It doesn't mean let's date."

Rangi used the last language, but Shirone shook her head vigorously.

"Then I can't accept it even more. You seem to have had a lot of alcohol. Sleep here today."

Rangi was scared at the sight of leaving.

"No! Don't do that. I can't sleep here instead of the wizard."

"We promised."

Shirone opened the door with a smile.

"To keep only the two of us for a lifetime."

"Ah......"

Rangi, who was lost until the sound of the door closing, sat down heavily on the chair.

"Is it real? Is this really the end?"

It wasn't a bad result, and the promise of the two of them saved her, but why is she annoyed?

"Stupid! Who knows if you pretend to be nice? You'll regret it for the rest of your life!"

Rangi, who thought that enjoying was winning, jumped into the bed of the suite room and lay down flat.

"Ah, good! Yes, now I am higher than the king!"

As she fluttered her limbs like a butterfly and felt the touch of silk, she turned her head and saw the book Shirone was reading.

"She left it. What book is it?"

When she opened the middle part of the page, it was a novel.

Rangi tilted her head and checked the title of the cover.

Dragon defeats the great wizard

"Haha......"

With a futile gesture, she dropped her arm, and in the end, she laughed heartily towards the ceiling.

"Puhahahahaha!"

Maybe Arcane is right.

"Dragon defeats......! Puhuhuhu!"

The wizard is an eternal boy.

* * *

The next morning.

Shirone, who was immersed in contemplation on the hotel rooftop, flew into the sky at the sight of the sunrise.

Because the touch came to Rangi's door, Shirone, who arrived at Wangseong, had a stronger expression than before.

"Welcome, great star."

The king of Arachne, Paronika, bowed his giant upper body and greeted Shirone.

"How about the request yesterday? Did you find a man named Justin?"

"Well, there are more materials than I thought. It seems to take a little more time."

It was as expected.

"I see."

If it were other stars, they would have been grabbed by the scruff of the neck, and Paronika sighed as she thought it was easy.

"Actually, there has been a bad thing in the kingdom recently, and due to lack of manpower, the speed is not coming out."

Shirone just listened.

"It's a terror threat. If you don't stop the World Beauty Contest, they said they would turn the venue into a sea of blood."

The fact that they ask the star of the Ivory Tower means that they couldn't catch the criminal with the police power of Arachne.

"So it's a shameless request, but if you could solve it directly....... Huh!"

Paronika, who felt a breath-stopping murderous intent from Shirone's eyes, shut her mouth.

'What, what is this energy......'

Even though it was not the first time to deal with the star of the Ivory Tower, it was a pain as if frozen blood was tearing the blood vessels.

"The person I'm looking for is......"

If it weren't for the promise with Rangi, Paronika would have been pushed harder.

"People who hold the fate of the world. Thousands of people are dying at this moment."

'I'm really going to die!'

Paronika accepted the fact that the young man in front of her was the five saints of the Ivory Tower with her body.

"I'm sorry! I will immediately command the profile of Emery Justin."

If they hadn't found it already, there would have been no negotiations.

'Whew, this job is really hard too.'

Only then did Shirone, who took the murderous intent out of her eyes, turn her body and think about the terror threat.

'I need to check it separately.'

Preventing a major disaster is important, but she didn't want Maya's precious debut stage to be in danger.

'I'm worried about Rangi.'

Anyway, the first thing was to find Beta Pisces.
[Translated block]