


[394] Capture the Hill (3)

From the third round, the Screamer team withdrew from the spear-to-spear tactic and used advanced strategies. The winger Pony crossed over to the center line and ran with Suabi.

"They shifted. They're not easy to deal with."

If there are three people on the center line, the left line is abandoned.

As expected, Luman had completely retreated to the hill and covered all three lines.

Suabi's concentration was disturbed as he entered the range of Death's Frenzy. That's when Pony cast a spell.

Refresh.

A refreshing sensation filled Suabi's mind and the effect of Death's Frenzy disappeared completely.

A rare and valuable magic that blocks most crowd control effects, but has no physical defense.

It was no exaggeration to say that the presence of a water-based mage in the party was worth it just for Refresh.

"Hahaha! How about that? Can you stop me now?"

The Screamer, equipped with a combat package, transformed back into a weapon and swept through the battlefield.

Maya maintained her magic until the end. She couldn't cut off Suabi, but it was more than enough to tie Pony's presence to Refresh alone.

'Suabi is the key after all. He was like that last year too... That kid is really amazing.'

The duration of the 20 types of buffs in the combat package varied, with the sight enhancement buff lasting 1.13 seconds and the muscle endurance enhancement buff lasting 1.78 seconds.

At first, they were applied in order, but after about 20 cycles, the buffs with shorter durations would go one or two more cycles and interfere in between.

Not to mention, you had to calculate the time spent on rotation, so it was no joke that it was the most concentration-intensive branch among mages.

'Tick-tock-tick-tack. Tock. Tack-tick-tick. Tack-tick-tick.'

Therefore, utility mages use a unique technique called cross-force, unlike normal forces.

That is, they create a cross-shaped intersection and attach a battery to the center, then collide reserved batteries from four directions toward the center.

The reason they could rotate 20 types of buffs at precise times was thanks to their unique rhythm sense called 'tick-tock-tack-tick'.

When they hit vertically, they called it 'tick', when they hit horizontally, they called it 'tock', and when they bounced back in the same direction, they called it 'tack'. They felt the rhythm of the error of 0.x seconds in this way.

'Tick-tick tack-tock tick-kat-tock tick-tick tack-tock.'

Puff-puff. Puff-puff-puff. Puff-puff. Puff-puff-puff-puff.

Iruki watched closely at the effects that exploded above Screamer's head with a unique rhythm.

'0.11 seconds. 0.23 seconds. 0.38 seconds. 0.49 seconds...'

It was a machine-like precise cycle. The speed of replacing batteries was also applaudable.

'I'll cut it off here.'

But that too was just a phenomenon that occurred within Iruki's servant calculation.

Cancellation.

Screamer's muscle enhancement buff was canceled and Suabi frowned as he maintained tick-tock-tack-tick.

Then, as his sight enhancement and flexibility enhancement buffs disappeared, his cross-force rhythm began to get tangled.

'No matter how much you're a servant, this is too fast to be fair.'

The reason cancellation was difficult was because you had to perfectly reverse the vector quantity of magic.

But that too was a separate problem from reading the battery and omnipotence that passed by at a speed of four times per second.

In other words, Iruki was faster than Suabi in thinking speed even while analyzing the battery and omnipotence's vector quantity without a word of error.

"What? Suabi!"

Screamer turned his head and shouted. He couldn't accept the situation because he had never made a mistake in his force until now.

"Where are you looking during a duel?"

Screamer hastily turned his head back. Nade's hands pushed in and Lightning Shock erupted.

"Kruk! You bastard!"

Screamer's body fell into a stun state.

"What? Did you hear a pig squeal?"

Nade raised his fist instead of Shiro-ne.

"Why don't you cry like a pig squealing!"

Screamer's head turned sideways as if it would break as he took a punch to his chin.
[Translated block]


Meanwhile, in the Screamer team's camp, Luman was doing his best to stop Shirone and Amy.

He was using various crowd control skills such as Blind, Slow Trap, Air Press, etc. to buy time, but these forward link combination were really annoying.

"Damn it! That cursed red eye!"

Amy's red eye was the nemesis of crowd control.

No matter what crowd control skill came in, her self-awareness memory reset her mind, making her uncontrollable.

'I can't help it. Let's cut off Shirone.'

Shirone's durability was not easy either, but at least he had a higher chance of being caught by crowd control than the red eye.

'He's uglier than me, but he's popular.'

Luman moved with personal feelings. Because he believed he was the best.

He thought he would be handsome if he lost some weight, and Shirone was definitely a worthy enemy to be destroyed.

"You must have kissed Amy too!"

"What are you talking about, you idiot!"

Luman's Mountain Range erupted, creating a huge barrier that separated the two.

'Amy is eliminated, and here comes Air Press!'

As a powerful atmospheric pressure pressed down, Shirone's movement stopped. Luman took advantage of the gap and kicked the ground and flew in.

Amy, who had bypassed the barrier, opened her eyes wide.

Luman's belly protruded as he bent his waist like a bow, revealing his navel. His teeth were clenched tightly, and he was frowning with all his might.

"Shirone! Dodge!"

Luman's specialty, Spirit Hammer, was clear.

A non-elemental anti-magic crowd control skill that stuns by colliding spirit zones with each other.

It is often compared to a headbutt skill, but Spirit Hammer also makes the recipient take in the impact energy as well as the attacker.

'I don't care about Shirone or anything, just smash him!'

Luman was determined to strike with all his might.

As proven in the survival test, Shirone's durability was no exaggeration to say that it was the strongest in the graduation class. But Spirit Hammer makes the shock bigger as you hit harder.

He staked his pride as a crowd control mage, his pride as the best handsome man in the graduation class, and destroyed Shirone in one shot.

"Here I gooooooo!"

Shirone saw Luman's menacing figure and instinctively prepared for defense. His spirit zone changed to defensive type at the same time as Luman swung his belly with his forehead.

Zzzzzz!

"Krrrrrr!"

Shirone grimaced and backed away.

He didn't actually hit his head, but he felt a shock as if someone had hit his skull with a hammer.

"Shirone! Are you okay?"

Amy ran over in a hurry. It was clear that Spirit Hammer had hit properly even from a distance.

'But why isn't there a follow-up?'

Amy turned her head and saw Luman standing there smugly. Then suddenly his nosebleed popped and he staggered with his heavy body and twisted his butt.

He sat on the ground with both arms propping up the ground, and his eyes were completely loose.

Anti-magic series were originally a seesaw game, but Spirit Hammer was a magic that always favored the attacker.

Yet it was such a shock that his mind flew away when he cast Spirit Hammer.

Did it feel like hitting your head on a diamond?

'Shit...! How can you be so hard?'

He was stunned by attacking and couldn't even get up. It seemed that his mental power would start to recover around the end of round 3.

"Now is the time! Let's go!"

Shirone ran past Luman to the hill.

Aider struggled with an air gun, but he had no choice but to retreat outside the radius of Shirone's rampage.

In the meantime, Amy pulled out the flag.

-Round 3 ends. Round 4 will start in 5 minutes.

Everyone stopped moving and relaxed.

But there was still a murderous look in Screamer's eyes.

He had calmed down a lot since he entered magic school, but he couldn't stand the shame of being punched by a mage.
[Translated block]


"Are you crazy? How dare you hit me?"

Nade sneered.

"So what? Do you think you're something? You deserve it if you did something wrong, why are you angry about it?"

Screamer suddenly closed the gap and shoved his face in.

"Yeah? Then why don't we fight outside? Use your magic nicely if you're a mage. Don't think about swinging your fists in front of me."

Nade shut his mouth.

A fight where the winner and loser were decided didn't excite him. If it was a fight where one had to die, would he be able to provoke him so easily?

"Hmph! You coward!"

Screamer turned away and Nade looked around at his friends with a bright expression as if nothing had happened.

"Aja! It's a reversal! Let's keep going like this!"

Shirone asked.

"What happened? What did Screamer say?"

"Huh? I don't know, I forgot. Anyway, Maya! How was I?"

Maya realized why Nade had hit Screamer. He had given him a punch on her behalf as the one who was dragged into the confrontation.

"Yeah! I felt relieved! Thanks, Nade."

Maybe he felt sorry for being distant lately.

It was actually because of Shirone that he had acted coldly, but he felt sorry and grateful that they thought that way.

"I'm glad Maya is here. Even though she's a guard, she's casting debuffs on the enemies, so they're confused."

"Hehe! I'll do my best in the next round too!"

Maya's face turned red as Nade and Iruki looked at each other. It was a 180-degree change from a few days ago.

'Shirone praised me......'

Maya didn't want to hide her feelings anymore.

She had a chance to stop. But she willingly jumped into hell. Then, at least, shouldn't she enjoy this small happiness?

Meanwhile, Screamer frowned at Luman, who was sitting like a loser.

He said he got into this mess after hitting Shirone with a spirit hammer. No matter how much he lived by his own pride, it was an absurd decision.

"Why did you do that? You know Shirone's durability, don't you?"

"Then what about Hongan? It's like pouring water into a leaky pot. At least Shirone can be broken, right? Aww, but that guy is really hard-headed. It hurts my head."

Screamer sighed.

"Anyway, how are you? Can you recover?"

Pony said.

"I've cast refresh. But I think I'll have to take care of myself until the next round."

Luman looked back at Pony and said.

"Don't do that and massage my head. It still throbs."

Pony's temples bulged.

How dare he ask for a massage from him, a royal?

Especially if it was Luman, he was the most hated guy in the graduating class except for Fermi's group.

'I can't ruin the teamwork. I don't want to hear that we lost because of me.'

With the patience of killing someone three times, Pony massaged Luman's head from behind.

Every time his thin fingers stimulated his head, Luman's mouth let out a sticky moan.

"Ahh, it feels good
[Translated block]


'His basics were weak, so he must have been a pushover.'

The Screamer who made the decision said.

"Okay, let's stall for time. But that doesn't mean we're giving up the round. If we get a chance, let's strike and run right away."
[Translated block]