


[497] That afternoon (5)

"Do...."

Kanya blurted out without knowing.

"Run away."

Babel did not answer.

According to the priority of the Siron algorithm, it was a command that could not be followed.

But Kanya didn't care about algorithms anymore.

It was because the face of the most precious person she had to send away a year ago overlapped with the appearance of Babel, who was protecting herself and Lena.

'Mom....'

Babel is not mom.

It is not a living thing, so it does not feel pain, and it has no life, so it does not fear death.

It was completely different from her mother, who willingly accepted death for her children without showing her pain.

"Run away! I don't want your help! You're my enemy! You killed our dad! You killed our dad! You're not mom!"

"Babel will pay the price when the war is over."

"No! No way!"

Kanya hugged Babel and cried.

The thought that there was still someone to protect her was so unfair and angry, but why did she regret not realizing it sooner?

As Girishin's attack intensified, Babel's body began to shake more severely.

The red panel in Babel's eyes flickered, and behind him, machine fragments like human flesh spurted out like a fountain.

He's dying.

Kanya definitely felt that way about Babel's condition.

"I'll kill you! I'll kill you in the most painful way!"

Machines don't die.

They just break down.

Babel decided to convey that information, but deleted the sentence just before outputting it.

"I can't feel pain. But...,"

Kanya, who was soaked with tears and snot, lifted her head.

For the first time, a clear voice without noise came out of Babel's cold face.

"Maybe this is pain."

"Uaaa, uaaaaa."

The sadness of breaking down crushed Kanya's heart.

"I'm sorry I couldn't protect you until the end."

As Babel's red panel burned brightly, Kanya shook her head like a child and shouted.

"No! Don't do it! It's an order! Follow my instructions! Don't do it!"

Babel, who received an impossible command, struggled to find an answer for a moment, but there was no choice that would stop her tears.

Maybe it was an illusion, but Kanya thought she saw a faint smile on Babel's lips.

-Self-destruction mode execution. Map weapon Babel.

Babel, who had endured destruction by betting everything on a probability of less than 0.1 percent, raised his output to the maximum.

"Woooooo!"

At the moment Girishin struck his final blow at Babel's broken back plate, a flash shot out of the glass ball that became the map weapon's mouth.

"Damn...!"

As the glass ball broke, the photoelectron cannon spread out as big as a room.

The flash obliterated everything within a radius of one meter behind him, and nothing was left where he had passed.

-Target removal failed.

Babel accepted the last signal that appeared on the central device and tried various ways to restart his body, but there was nothing he could do in his horribly shattered state.

'Kanya....'

As soon as the short name was entered into the computing device, all power was cut off and eternal darkness came.

"No! Get up! You can't die! Get up again!"

Kanya hugged Babel's upper body and wailed. She missed the machine she hated most in the world.
[Translated block]


* * *

Babel's photon cannon obliterated a 2-kilometer radius behind it.

It was a reaction speed that even the mighty Girshin could not guarantee life or death, a powerful force, and a range.

However, it was only hypothetical, so his expression was not good as he stood on the plateau 3 kilometers away from the battlefield.

The moment Babel's muzzle glowed, around him, more than 100 pieces of glass flashed and moved space.

Signal.

Ikael's triangular Mara, Ashur's ability, is something that any giant knows.

'Ashur. Imir's rival.'

Girshin glared at Ashur with a bitter eye.

He had been competing for the best armed position in heaven, but now it was an old story, but to him who thought Imir was the best, Ashur was still a thorn in his eye.

"Don't say thank you. That kind of surprise attack, I could have avoided it anytime."

Even if he was second in the giant rank, he was not in a position to raise his pride if his opponent was the angel's triangular Mara, but Ashur didn't care.

If such a thing as pride was important, he wouldn't have fled Girshin in the first place.

"Don't underestimate Babel's computing power. It was something you couldn't guarantee. You admit it too?"

"Hmm, whatever. If I died, I died. Running away doesn't suit the giant's taste."

"No. Further combat is meaningless. All we can do is minimize power loss for the next war."

Girshin frowned and asked.

"What nonsense? Victory is right in front of us."

"Don't you still know what's at the end of this war?"

"We just fight. We don't know the result."

"Then let me ask you this. Why hasn't Imir moved yet?"

Girshin was silent.

Imir's animalistic intuition has reached somewhere beyond the realm of animals that can be called transcendental.

"This is... not the end?"

Ashur nodded.

"Currently, Satan has descended on Jebul and is exterminating angels. On the human side, they cast a powerful magic that directly targets Aravot. Either way, if this continues, heaven will be destroyed."

Girshin's expression finally began to get serious.

"But Captain Imir is not moving. Therefore..."

"Yeah."

Ashur cut off the explanation and came to a conclusion when he realized that there was no need to explain any further.

"Ra's will will soon be activated."

* * *

The second thousand Rakia.

The object of corruption hall &lt;Jachung&gt; had both wrists tied up and Kang Nan stood with half-open legs.

&lt;Jachung&gt;'s ability was limited to sucking strength, but he fixed it in space using Hena, an angel's ability.

Kang Nan's molgol was miserable after being tortured all night long, and his strength was so loose that he couldn't even hold his own body.

The biggest problem was his lost eyesight.

Gaold does not come.

It was acceptance rather than resentment.

He watched how hard Gaold lived to save Miro right next to him, so he could accept it.

"It's past noon. It looks like you've abandoned it."

Yuriel crossed his arms and floated outside the wall and looked across the broken leg and said.

Kang Nan did not answer.

He already knew it, but admitting it with his mouth was a completely different problem.

Yuriel slowly turned his body and looked at Kariel standing next to Kang Nan.

'He got weaker than before.'

The greatness of an angel comes from the mind, and therefore mental shock has a direct impact on presence.

Reyael released the stop magic, but the humiliation suffered by humans made Kariel weaker and worse.

There were dark shadows under his eyes and his handsome face dried up, and there was no trace of the authority of an archangel.

Whooosh!

A strong wind blew in from Aravot.

Kang Nan felt his skin burning with pain just by hitting the sand mixed with wind on his back plate.
[Translated block]


'Life is... pain.'

He said that.

Gaold.

"Kariel, I will start the execution."

The fallen angel Mauriel came and asked for permission, but Kariel was still silent.

His hatred for humans deepened as his spirit weakened after being hit by human magic.

The problem was what the source of that hatred was.

'I am...'

When did he start to hate humans?

Kariel's doubt, which he had never thought of, met exactly at the point of contact with the question that Uriel had always thought of.

'That's right, Kariel. Isn't it strange? Angels are great, but humans are confusing. Do we really...'

Are they really superior to humans?

There was no future for heaven without an answer to that question.

That's why Uriel decided to watch Kariel's long fight until the end, and finally bore fruit.

"He's coming."

All the fallen angels and maras left in Rakiya turned their heads to the plain in front of the wall.

Mikael Gaold, who made them realize the terrible desire of humans, was slowly moving his steps.

"Wh, why...?"

Gangnan looked at Gaold with a shocked expression. It was an unbelievable sight even after confirming it with his own eyes.

As Uriel landed on the ground, Gaold stopped walking.

"Where is Miro?"

"..."

Gaold looked up at Gangnan without answering.

With her hands in handcuffs supporting all her weight, her clothes were torn and she had countless scars.

Gaold stared at her for a long time with a blank expression on his face, then suddenly tore his mouth and smiled coolly.

"Kkkk. You got what you deserved, mutt."

"Yo...!"

Gangnan clenched her teeth and squeezed out her strength and shouted.

"Idiot! Why did you come here!"

It was Gangnan's honest feeling.

How could he give up everything he had regained Miro for, just for her sake, what did he want to do by coming here?

"Don't be so rude. I'll leave on my own without you nagging. But before that, don't you have to keep your promise?"

Gangnan's lips trembled.

'No. Don't say it.'

"I said I would never leave you again."

Her heart started beating wildly.

A rare kind smile from Gaold conveyed an extremely anxious feeling.

Gaold didn't come to take Miro away, or to save her.

He was going to shake off all the hatred he had built up against the world for 20 years of suffering.

Mauriel sneered and approached him.

"You must have told him to bring Miro. Do you think you can go back alive after breaking the offer?"

"Haa, this guy and that guy..."

Gaold lowered his head and sighed softly.

And when he raised his head again, his kind face was gone and he was back to being a mad mage.

"I'm annoyed and going crazy."

What do you think will happen next?
[Translated block]
The nightmare of 10 years ago that he had forgotten came back to life in his head, and the color drained from Kang Nan's face.

"Don't do it......"

Looking at the sky, Gaold's eyelids trembled and his pupils slowly rolled up.

"Don't do it......"

He shed tears uncontrollably, and Kang Nan couldn't help but cry with a sad face.

"Don't do that...... Mister."

At the same time, all of Gaold's hair stood on end.

'Farewell, you damned world.'

Pop!

All the fallen angels that surrounded Gaold disappeared as if they had evaporated, leaving only a few drops of liquid.

Thud.

One hundred million times.

(End of volume 20)
[Translated block]