


[714] What do you get? (3)

* * *

Hwangseong Aganos.

Uorin led the Gando and visited the secret space called the 3.8th floor of Aganos.

As he opened the door and entered, there was a bed in a 20-pyeong room, and a great mage who would be surprised by his name alone was sleeping.

The manager of the 3.8th floor bent his waist awkwardly and walked up to Uorin and bowed.

"Have you arrived, Your Majesty."

"How is it?"

The manager checked the color of the light floating in the magic crystal ball and bowed his head politely again.

The crystal ball, which was black at first, was gradually clearing up.

"It's much faster than expected."

The great mage is currently paying off Shirone's debt through Fermi's depreciation contract.

A debt of 127 years was impossible for a human's life span, but Uorin did not doubt it.

If such a thing had happened, it would have been the way of the world because it had happened.

'The key is in Hexa.'

If Valhalla Action's debt is time, not life, the time Hexa experiences may be different from ordinary humans.

'Perhaps Andrey, and perhaps...'

Uorin avoided hasty assumptions.

"When will the debt repayment be completed?"

"It's true that it's faster than expected, but I can't measure how much it's being shortened."

"Relativity of time."

Even if the debt is paid by the great mage, the size of the debt will be elastic like a rubber band depending on Shirone's growth rate.

This meant that the time Shirone experienced from Andrey exceeded the category of ordinary people.

"I see. Let's move on to the next step. If there are any special changes, report them immediately."

"Would there be anything else? I will monitor without eating, sleeping, or drinking water for 24 hours."

"Of course you should."

As Uorin turned his body and left the room, Gando followed him carefully and asked.

"Are you giving too much? When Valhalla Action's debt is over, Shirone will become stronger. The synergy effect of time explosion and time will be tremendous."

Uorin smiled bitterly.

"Gando, do you know what the most powerful weapon in the world is? It is impossible to defend or evade, and you can kill it as soon as you stab it."

"Is there such a weapon?"

"There is."

Uorin turned his body and raised his index finger.

"It's trust."

Gando was already feeling vain.

"No matter how strong your guard is, it's like giving everything up and falling asleep in front of your mother. That child doesn't even think that her mother might strangle her neck or stab her heart with a knife tonight."

"......"

Uorin turned around again and moved his steps.

"As such, trust never fails, but that's why it's hard to build. It's cheap if you can build it by paying off Valhalla Action's debt."

"Shirone is not an easy opponent either."

It was something Uorin agreed with.

"That's fine for now. I'll manipulate the debt contract. If you leave room for even a second of debt to be triggered, you can make Shirone fall into moratorium at a critical moment."

Gando said anxiously.

"But can you really stab him? At a critical moment... Shirone's heart."

Isn't it because you can't stab it that trust has absoluteness?

"I can stab him."

Uorin was firm.

"Teresa receives trust from countless people, but she doesn't trust anyone. Gando, even you are the same."

Gando felt a little sad, and hoped that what he said now would apply to Shirone as well.

"Don't you want to sleep with Shirone?"

"Ahahaha!"

Uorin threw his head back and laughed.

"Love? Yeah, I've never loved anyone in my long history. But Gando."

When he met Uorin's eyes, Gando felt like he realized why she could never be human.
[Translated block]


```text
“You never know what kind of life Teraje lived.”

* * *

Labyrinth Andre-World No. 1.

“Ugaga! Ugaga!”

The primitive planet's humans spoke to Siroene as if they were boasting of their spoils, but it didn't reach her ears.

‘Those eyes are definitely Teraje.’

Anyone who had seen Teraje in person would think so.

“Si……ro…….”

Mitochondria Eve, who had realized something, instinctively turned away from Siroene.

It was too early for her brain to reach the area that could be called rational reason.

However, her genes, which would engrave countless histories in the future, had the bottom events before the reset.

‘Maybe I can live a huge life.’

The fate that Mitochondria Eve first realized in this world was the wheel of fate, the law of law.

‘I should just ignore this. If the future changes…….’

The bottom events she had were only until the third reset was implemented.

Therefore, this event was the first, and Siroene also had the same thoughts as her.

‘She's wary of getting involved with me.’

It was probably an emotion that worked in the realm of instinct, but the intention was clearly conveyed.

‘Maybe she's not the first Teraje.’

If there is a predecessor, there may be other daughters left besides Mitochondria outside this cave.

‘The problem is that I can't be sure.’

Mitochondria Eve, who did not even have reason to analyze the bottom events, would be the extreme of chaos on a primitive planet.

‘Is this woman going to become Uorin?’

Or does she go into the tomb of history in this cave as one of the many daughters of Mitochondria Eve?

If the woman in front of her is Uorin's direct line, history will save her even if she leaves her alone.

But if she is rescued by Siroene, the future Teraje may not become Uorin.

‘If she's not Uorin…….’

It was not impossible for the history of the world to change, and its aftermath would also affect Siroene.

“Uga? Ugaga!”

The humans of the primitive planet who seemed angry rolled their feet and pushed Siroene and flocked around Uorin.

‘Teraje…….'

In front of a situation that would never be tolerated in a world with ethics倫理, Siroene's eyes turned to life.

“Stop it. This kind of thing…….”

“Kraak! Kaaaak!”

Mitochondria Eve shook her head roughly.

‘Go! Just go! Leave me alone!’

Reason was not established, but an impulse to send Siroene came to life for the first time.

Still, when Siroene didn't stop walking, a terminal end of reason pierced through the animal's nature and burst out.

“Gaaaaaaah!”

At the beast's scream that screamed with his whole body, Siroene clenched his teeth and turned his body and ran out of the cave.

“Damn it! Damn it!”

It wasn't a problem between two people, it was a problem of history.

* * *

“Your Majesty, Valhalla Action's debt has fallen below 1 percent. You have to do it now.”

Woken up from sleep by Gibeol sent from 3.8th floor, Uorin went down without even thinking about changing clothes.

‘I can't be late at all.’

Gando immediately followed behind him, and when he arrived at the room, the crystal ball had changed to almost transparent.

‘The debt repayment will end soon. It will take a few more days if you want to set conditions. This is your only chance.“

Valhalla Action's debt is repaid, but it holds back the time of the great mage who is in debt.

“I can't hold it for long. For technical reasons…….”

“One second is enough.”

If Uorin can drop Siroene into Moratorium for one second at the time he wants, it will take no time to suppress him.
```
[Translated block]


"Then I will inherit Shiro's genes."

In the same coercive way that countless men had done to Teraze in the name of love.

"It won't be a pretty sight, though...."

* * *

"What am I doing?"

Under the night sky of the first world where a huge moon was floating, Shiro suddenly realized and changed direction.

"How stupid!"

His mind, which had been shaken for a moment by the impact that would drive the world crazy, regained its place.

"Of course I have to save her!"

Even if this world goes to a different future, even if he is trapped in the moratorium forever....

'That's the right thing to do!'

As he arrived at the cave at full speed, he heard the scream of Mitochondria Eve.

'She'll die like that!'

Maybe that was part of history, but Shiro didn't hesitate any longer.

It's his heart.

"Stop it! Let her go!"

The humans who felt the hostility in his voice bared their sharp teeth and twisted their faces.

"This woman is ours!"

As soon as the words came out, a flash of light passed by them and hit the wall of the cave.

Kurururururung!

The humans who were startled by the echo in the narrow space recalled the scene of meeting the dragon in the daytime.

"Aaaah! Save me! I don't want to die!"

"Get out of here!"

He pointed to the outside of the cave and they all quickly passed by Shiro's side, holding their heads.

"Are you okay? Try to come to your senses."

As Shiro untied the vines that bound Mitochondria Eve, she pounced on him like a beast.

"Kiaaa! Kiaaaa!"

It was a scream of resentment and anger.

"Why! Why did you save me! Why did you come back!"

She pounded Shiro's chest with her eyes, and tears flowed from them, too, though they meant differently.

This could end his huge life.

'Death!'

She picked up a big rock next to her and tried to smash his head with it, having regained a way to turn back.

'I have to die!'

Teraze had achieved a mind that could end his life without hesitation through countless generations....

'I'm scared....'

But for Mitochondria Eve in her early days, death was too scary and dark.

"It's okay. Don't worry about anything."

As Mitochondria Eve slowly turned her head after dropping the rock with a thud, Shiro hugged her.

"I'll protect you. No one will hurt you."

Except for the bottom incident, which was still blurry, she felt like she had swallowed something warm for the first time.

"Kueee! Kueee!"

Mitochondria Eve buried her face in Shiro's chest and sobbed like a beast, shedding sad tears.

* * *

"Then I'll start."

The manager of the 3.8th floor finished preparing to manipulate Shiro's fan in front of the best magicians.

"Please give me your instructions."

Strangely enough, no answer came.

Just a little while ago, Uorin, who had given orders with cold eyes, looked puzzled as he turned around.

"Your Majesty?"

He had a bad feeling and involuntarily asked.

"What's wrong? Is there a problem?"

Uorin stared at something without blinking, like a person who had lost his life.

"Oh, ah...."

Everyone tensed up at the sight of the emperor shaking his shoulders.

"Why... why is that...."

Teraze's mind, who had experienced countless lives, would not be shaken by even God.

"Why... why did you do that to me...."

The huge vibration that exploded from the beginning of antiquity pushed something he had abandoned long ago back to the present.

'No! I don't love anyone!'

It's his heart.

"I... I...."

Not only Gando but everyone in the room looked at Uorin with disbelief.
[Translated block]


"Yo, Yo-hwang-nim......"

It was the first time in her life that she saw Tera's tears.
[Translated block]