


```text
[453] The Beginning of Change (5)

An area 2 kilometers away from the 1st Military Command.

Gaold was walking in the dark forest.

His eyes, which carried his back and looked straight ahead, did not contain the scenery.

20 years ago, he met a woman.

A woman who was so different from him that he hated her, but was curious enough to turn his eyes involuntarily.

Human relationships are truly mysterious. The mind has no substance, and therefore cannot guess where it will flow.

Maybe Gaold regrets it.

He threw everything at that woman, and now he hates this reality where only hell is left.

He couldn't cut off or take back the heart he had given up, so he went on like this in hell and arrived in the middle of a secluded field.

In the midst of silence where even the sound of birds could not be heard, Gaold looked up at the sky with a hole in it.

Countless stars were shining.

It's been a long time since I saw the sky.

There is no maze in those stars. The maze lives somewhere connected to the ground where he is standing now.

Thump thump. Thump thump.

Struggling to calm his beating chest, Gaold threw a word into the deep forest.

“Stop coming out. I came alone, so there's no need to waste time.”

As soon as the words fell, 21 people appeared from the darkness of the forest.

Torumia Magic Association Cage B Team.

They were all Gaold's subordinates once, but there were few who knew their faces.

But as a former president of the Magic Association, he knew very well how powerful they were.

Of course, there is no one who can surpass Gaold in terms of individual power, but as scissors can beat rock, as the sea can beat the wind, there is a compatibility of individual magic.

And if it was a team sent to eliminate him, there was no way they wouldn't mix in irregulars.

Team leader Rose walked to the front.

A dense aura that she couldn't see until now was shining on her face.

“When did you notice?”

Rose, a certified 4th class fragrance magician. It was a relationship that I knew well since I was president of the association.

“Hehe, do you need to notice? Anyway, you're aiming for me.”

That was also why Gaold came alone.

The goal of 21 people was to eliminate Gaold, and to achieve that goal, they would come in with a single-mindedness that it didn't matter how many people died.

If Gaold wasn't alone, they would never move and just look for opportunities to hit him from behind.

It was something that had to be done at the point where the project that had been prepared for 20 years was about to begin.

“Surround him.”

As Rose's words fell, 20 people intertwined like a net and cast teleportation at once.

Gaold was still looking at Rose with his back on him.

There is no such thing as wanting to avoid fighting or not wanting to kill colleagues.

It's just that Cage B Team knows Gaold and Gaold doesn't know Cage B Team.

Even if he knew them, the changes in tactics and strategies created by each of the 20 combinations were almost infinite.

All he could do was think only of what he could do himself.

Ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

The sound of grass brushing sounded like thunder. A few people behind him moved.

Carnivore Benifis pulled out a meat knife and killed his colleagues on both sides.

The beam of insect magic nodded his head, and Reed of curse magic combined electricity and omnipotence.

Facing Torumia's most powerful magician, everyone had one thought in their heads.

'It won't take long.'

"Hey, juniors."

The moment they heard Gaold's voice, 21 people flinched at the same time.

"What kind of determination is this long? The ones who came to die."

The eyes of the magicians were filled with life force.

As if 21 souls were burning, smoke seemed to rise from their bodies.

Sacrifice. It was a ritual that burned their will by giving up their lives.
```
[Translated block]


* * *

In the place where Gaoold left, nine people including Sein gathered around a torch in the vacant lot behind the headquarters.

Sein's expression was relaxed unlike usual.

It was probably because he was recalling the memories of 20 years ago, before he made his name as a cruel magician of the Black Line.

"About the Judgment of 20......"

Sein opened his mouth.

"There aren't many people who know the details in the world. But only we three, Miro, Gaoold and I, know the story that is entwined with Gaoold."

The party waited for the words with shining eyes.

But Sein's mouth did not open easily.

It was a burden to reveal a very small and personal secret that happened in the midst of the biggest event in human history.

"I loved Miro."

No one could refute the words that he spat out as a surprise, and Sein continued.

"And Gaoold loved Miro too."

Sein looked up at the sky. As if like Gaoold.

"Yeah, maybe it's not that important. But this was everything to us."

This is a story.

"Twenty years ago, the coldest man in the world, the most brilliant woman in the world and......"

A terrible story of sorrow when a man who wished only to live in obedience to God hated God, cursed him, mocked him and plunged into hell.

"The most naive idiot in the world was attending Alpheus Magic School."

Sein's story began.

Torumia Yor Order.

Yor religion is a worldwide religion that has a history of only giving mercy to people even during the Dark Ages when humanity went through without fighting a single war.

There is no position among them, and they do not distinguish between the status of commoners and nobles.

Only 'Yora', who propagates the doctrine of the order, lives in the church, and they do not receive money in any case, but only live on the volunteer activities and donations of believers, receiving everyone's love with frugality.

'Thank you. Lord Yor.'

The young man who knelt under the sunlit order held a pendant with a small circle with a cross in it, a symbol of Yor, and prayed.

'I hope that all the unhappy people in the world will find happiness today. Make me your servant. Give me the courage to love even evil.'

The young man's face was white and his skin was clean like a child.

He was Gaoold 20 years ago, who seemed to be full of nothing but purity.

"Are you praying for graduation class advancement?"

Gaoold finished his prayer and opened his eyes.

There were slight drops of water on his eyes soaked in emotion.

"Yora-nim."

Gaoold blushed and wiped away his tears as he got up from his seat.

"Today is the start of graduation class."

Mikael Gaoold.

He was a rare good child among Yor believers.

It was strange when he heard that he would enter magic school.

Magic is power and power brings violence. But Gaoold was learning magic for that reason.

Despite the fact that there is a common aspect between sacredness and magic, magicians deny God.

He thought he had to understand magic himself to understand them.

"Then I'll be back."

Gaoold headed for Alpheus Magic School.

The graduation class that he barely climbed up through various efforts. There was fierce competition waiting, but he was not inferior to anyone in perseverance.

'Lord Yor, please give me strength.'

While walking in the park during the entrance ceremony of advanced students, Gaoold found his most hated classmate.

It was Sein, who had been hostile since Class Seven.

But he couldn't pretend he didn't know, so Gaoold asked for a handshake.

"From today on, it's real competition. Let's work hard."

Sein didn't even look at him.

"Why do I have to shake hands with you? If you want to shake hands with me, bring me the god you believe in."
[Translated block]


```
Gaold, who was in a bad mood, raised his voice.

"I never forced my opinion on you. Why do you always argue? Your way of speaking is really..."

That's how the annoying argument started again.

Then, about 10 minutes later.

"Hey, you two over there!"

A woman's voice was heard from afar. Sein's eyes sparkled as he turned his head.

Adrias Miro.

She was the most prominent graduating student at Alpheas Magic School.

She had to take a year off from school due to personal reasons, but her skills were already well-known in other countries.

"Can't you hear me? Come over here."

As the two approached, Miro put down a box of experimental materials on the ground and wiped her sweat.

"Phew, this is really heavy. You guys are freshmen, right? Help me move this to my lab."

Sein lifted his head and said.

"Why do we have to do that? I heard there's no seniority concept from the graduating class."

"Well... it's because you guys seem to be wasting your energy miserably. Why don't you save your strength and help me out?"

It was a reasonable thing to say, so Gaold gladly stepped forward.

"That's right. Then I'll..."

"Wait. I'm not going to help."

"I know. But I'm going to help."

"No, I can't understand why you're helping. Our argument is miserable? All the things that make up this world are fragments that came out of the clash of opinions."

Miro frowned.

"You're really rigid. Are you always like this?"

Gaold laughed heartily.

"Haha! Well, this guy is..."

"Sein. You must have heard my name even if you're a graduating student."

Sein introduced himself, cutting off Gaold's words, and Miro clapped her palms together as if she was surprised.

"Oh, you're Sein? The servant?"

Sein didn't change his expression as if it was natural that she knew him.

"I heard you have great skills. But now that I'm here, I'm taking first place. You'd better be nervous."

Miro didn't even pretend to listen to Sein's words.

"But they say you're a cold-blooded person. Do you really not get excited? Can you call that a human?"

"I don't not get excited, I control it. The most important thing for a magician is rationality. I don't waver in any situation."

"Hmm, I can't believe it. If you're human, you naturally have emotions, and you have to follow your heart."

'Is he really a magician who talks about emotions? Is the rumor exaggerated?'

Sein pushed aside his disappointment and made a suggestion.

"Then how about testing it? If you make me angry even a little bit, I'll carry this load for you."

"Huh? Really? Okay, then. Um..."

She tapped her lips and rolled her eyes, then snapped her fingers and said.

"Can you really control it?"

"Of course. The servant is..."

Before Sein could finish his sentence, Miro crouched down
[Translated block]


```text
"Wait! Where is the lab ...!"

Miro ran out of the park without listening.

Gaold looked back at Sein with a bad taste in his mouth.

He was bitter, but as a fellow man, he sympathized enough with how he felt.

"Hey, are you okay?"

Sein slowly pulled up his pants. And he turned his body with a still stunned expression and walked away.

Gaold bit his tongue pitifully.

'How do you take off your panties? Really weird girl
[Translated block]