


[757] Doctrine of Evil (4)

"What's with that woman?"

As the military police moved to surround her, the captain of the military police raised his hand to stop them.

"Stop."

It was a strange feeling.

And having a strange feeling meant that the captain of the military police had a far superior sense than the other military police.

'What on earth is this?'

He felt like he was going to vomit, and once he realized that, his head was so dizzy that he couldn't bear it.

"What are you doing! Ask quickly! Shush! Shush!"

Hearing the noisy sound of the water king's party, he turned his head slowly with a stiff expression.

It was a shocking sight.

"Why is this guy like this?"

The improved breed of dogs using crows, which have been improved over and over, were designed to be braver than beasts and to obey their master's words absolutely.

"Move! I said move!"

But even if he hit his buttocks with a whip that was heavily tied with a leather strap, he just looked far away.

As if to desperately deny the woman in front of him.

'He's scared.'

The disgusting energy that the captain of the military police felt, something unknown was spreading from her body.

"Dogs are better than humans."

As Minerva approached, the improved breed of dogs scattered into the corners of the forest as if they had something to do.

The movement that could not even show the extreme fear resembled the psychology of the people who feed in the warehouse of the crow.

"Ugh!"

As Minerva passed by, the captain of the military police finally couldn't stand it and vomited.

"Ca, Captain?"

Although the soldiers had a bewildered expression, the captain of the military police did not envy them, who could not feel the fear at all.

'I survived because I vomited.'

In about 3 minutes, the subordinates would die without even knowing why, crushed by the woman's energy.

"Come here, cute puppies."

If caught, it dies.

The improved breed of dogs, who realized this instinctively, played dumb, smelling flowers that didn't suit them.

A powerful breed of dog that spews strong poison was caught in her hand while trying to distance itself.

As he accepted the touch without even thinking about running away with his powerful legs, his wide dog legs bent down to the ground.

'It's a death god.'

How many lives must be killed to contain such energy in the body?

Beautiful appearance, witch's costume.

'Mirac Minerva.'

The captain of the military police realized that it was impossible to survive.

"Oh my."

As the improved breed of dog trembled with its hind legs completely lying down, hot urine soon dripped to the ground.

"Are you scared? Of me?"

Huh, hoo, hoo...!

Water dripped from the eyes, nose, and mouth of the dog, which seemed to have aged 20 years, and one by one, the military police and the water king's party members fell, turning their eyes upside down.

"Let's see."

Minerva, who walked towards the buttocks, bent her waist and looked down where the urine was dripping.

"It's a male."

Bang! Crack!

The improved breed of dog let out its last scream.

"Die."

As if a switch was pressed, the dog's eyes immediately turned upside down and fell to the side.

"Oh, my God..."

Leaning on a wooden pillar, Jacy watched the lives dying around him with unbelievable eyes.

The water king's party members and the military police who vomited blood and fell, and finally, the improved breed of dogs died while causing a commotion.

"Even if it's an ivory tower..."

The only surviving captain of the military police glared at Minerva, panting heavily.

"Now it can't be stopped. Under the grace of President Igor, the Republic of North Emond will rule the world."

"That's right."

As Minerva snapped her fingers, the life of the captain of the military police was drained from his body.

"Go to the other world and do a lot, world domination."

Jacy, the only one left alive, asked, panting heavily.

"Are you... by any chance a resident of the Ivory Tower?"

Minerva took out a pipe from the barrel of the broom, put it in her mouth, and lit it.

'Is she ignoring me?'
[Translated block]


Jaycee opened his mouth again.

"We have to hit North Emond quickly! Otherwise, the Garas will invade the world."

Minerva, who exhaled smoke with a desolate expression, said.

"I know."

And slowly approached Jaycee, matched his eye level, and slapped his cheek in a row.

Jaycee, whose head turned with a slap, made a dumbfounded expression for a moment, and then immediately fired back.

"Why are you hitting me! A person who can't even move!"

Minerva hated humans.

If you think, 'If I say this, I'll move like that.' If it's human....

It's a disgusting feeling to the point of goosebumps.

'I'd rather roll with a dog.'

But Minerva doesn't show it.

"I'm sorry. I thought it might be solved if I did this."

Jaycee clenched his teeth with a furious expression, but he had no intention of confronting the witch who suppressed the mutant dog with just his spirit.

"I know you. Great Witch, Mirak Minerva."

Most of the five castles of the Ivory Tower are veiled, but Minerva was the most brilliant debut in the history of the Ivory Tower.

"What are you going to do in the future? Are you going to Igor and stop the experiment? Or……."

"I'll take care of it."

Honestly, nothing has been decided yet, but once I go to the capital and meet the president, something will be decided.

"Please take me with you."

Minerva's eyes cooled down.

"......What's the reason?"

"Because I know a fact that you don't know yet. Maybe if you go to the capital like this, you'll be defeated."

"Kkalkkalkkalkkal!"

The witch's laughter spread in the forest.

"Hey, little lady. Oh, sorry. You're younger than me. Of course, I'm much younger in terms of face value."

"……."

"Anyway, if you know what kind of life the Great Witch Minerva lived, you wouldn't dare to put the word defeat in your mouth."

I felt the energy of death.

"If you're alive in your mouth even if you can't move your limbs, you can do everything. That's you guys. If you make me disgusting anymore, you'll follow those humans."

"Die……."

A voice choked with tears burst out.

"I want to kill you! The damn northern guys who killed my husband! I want to kill them all without leaving a single one!"

Jaycee pleaded with a distorted face.

"Please take me with you! There's nothing left now! If I can kill one more person, even my soul......!"

Anger.

It was the most pure emotional state of humans that Minerva did not hate.

"......Tell me what you know."

Jaycee came to his senses.

"The military police captain said that there are eyes in places you can't see. The North is using the underworld. Otherwise, my identity would not have been exposed."

"You might not be able to handle your job."

"What do you think of me now! I'm a person who has mastered all the magic about intelligence!"

No matter how much he yelled, he couldn't get his teeth into Minerva.

"Ha, I got it. So, there's a possibility that Igor has conspired with the demons."

It wasn't a defeat, but it was a tricky part.

"I'll take you."

Minerva, who sucked in the smoke of a cigarette deeply, whispered quietly while gathering smoke between her lips.

"Open your mouth."

As if enchanted, Jaycee opened her lips, and Minerva tilted her face and kissed her.

'Ah…….'

The smell of the smoke coming through her lungs was like burning grass, and Jaycee fell into an ecstatic state that she had never experienced in her life.

Detox magic-witch's breath.

He lost consciousness for a moment, but it was only a moment.

"You're done. You should be able to move now."

From the tip of his foot, he could feel the nerves, and as if he had always done so, strength entered his muscles.

Jaycee, who awkwardly stood up from her seat, had nothing to say.

"I, there……."

It's not a problem that she kissed her lips.

He couldn't lift his face because he felt the supreme ecstasy in her body.
[Translated block]


"Do not sleep with a witch."

There were countless people whose lives were ruined by being captivated by the sweetness given by the witch, as in the case of Minerva.

"I hate humans."

Minerva concentrated her magic on the broomstick, leaving Jaycee, who was nodding blankly, behind.

The shabby wooden material burst with a bang, and it turned into a 2-meter-long wand with a propulsion engine attached to the back.

The highest projectile created by the wisdom of the Taesung, the Jet (Z), in exchange for giving up the "Magic Bullet".

It was a must-have means of transportation because it was officially registered in the Ivory Tower.

"Ride. We will stop by the military facility and enter the capital."

Minerva sat lightly in a posture with her thighs on the jet floating at a height of 1 meter.

"Ah, yes."

Jaycee, who had been introduced in the history book as the fastest thing in the world, swallowed his saliva and sat in the back seat.

"Do I have to press it? If I fall..."

"No need."

The jet shone purple for a moment, and even without exerting strength, the body was fixed as if it was trapped in a soft foam.

"Let's go."

At the same time as Minerva's words fell, a tremendous flame was spit out from the propulsion engine of the jet.

"Kyaaaak!"

Despite hardly feeling any inertia, Jaycee screamed at the sight of the sky approaching quickly.

'It's too fast!'

The jet, which made a round in the sky, exploded with a sonic boom in just 4 seconds as it began to speed up in earnest.

It was the speed of Mach.

* * *

Verdi's mother, who found Baseto with a lost face, shed tears and covered her mouth.

"Honey..."

What on earth happened to make a person like this?

"Bad kids..."

Baseto had a lost face as if he had been shocked, and his eyes were swollen from crying.

"I have to bring my husband. He'll die like this."

Verdi's mother, who lost her mind, stepped forward, and Shiroene spoke in a cold voice.

"Don't move."

Verdi's mother flinched and stopped walking.

"It seems safe for now, so let's be patient and watch. If you cause a commotion here, the number of victims will increase."

It is the spirit of altruism that cannot kill others to save Baseto.

'It's really strange.'

But the biggest reason why Shiroene still didn't act was different.

'There are too many demons.'

In the underworld seen through the sense of the ground, the demons were patrolling in pairs.

'But this is outside the spiritual realm?'

The underworld shares spatial coordinates with reality, but it has been keeping a distance as much as possible since the altar opened.

Shiroene, who thought she couldn't take everyone with her, turned to Albas and said.

"Please protect Verdi and her mother. I'll follow them and bring Mr. Baseto."

"But how are you going? There's nowhere to hide from now on. This is a supply route for storing large logistics."

There was an open space where ten carriages could pass side by side endlessly.

"If you think about it in terms of space."

Albas tilted his head, but he wouldn't understand even if he explained it.

'Choeni Bardo.'

When the ground and the explosion were combined, the figure of Shiroene disappeared as the real world and the underworld overlapped.

"I can't believe it..."

Albas looked around.

"Where did she go?"

Of course, Shiroene was still by their side, checking the location of the demons, and then stroking Verdi's head.

"Just wait a little. I'll definitely save your dad."

Verdi suddenly came up with an answer.

"Where are you going?"

Why does my chest feel so full all of a sudden?

"Of course, she went to save our dad."
[Translated block]