


```text
[231] 3. Where is Sirone? (6)

"Where is Sirone?"

"How should I know? Isn't he in the cafeteria?"

"I'm asking because he's not there."

Canis had a guess. He must have gone to report on the heaven's affairs to Alpheus.

He didn't mind telling them if he could get rid of the annoying ones, but he wasn't in the mood.

"What are you going to do with Sirone?"

"Step on him. You said he's the best, so if I beat him, you'll have to follow me too."

"Hahahaha!"

Canis laughed at the absurdity. Closer narrowed his eyes and approached him.

"Are you laughing? Don't you know who we are?"

"Do you know who Sirone is?"

Dante said.

"I know. He's the one who reached the realm of immortal function. But so what? You think magic is a job for polishing your skills? Magic is strictly a killing technique."

Canis had no objection to that either. It was refreshing to hear something right after hanging out with Sirone, who was like a sage.

But if Sirone was really just a kind-hearted fool, he would have been stepped on by him long ago.

Sirone was different. That was the key.

"I'm really worried about you, so don't mess with that guy if you can. You remind me of my old self."

"Hahaha! What are you saying, that I'll lose because you lost? Now that I see it, you're just a loser."

Canis was calm. He hadn't lived long enough to waste his emotions on cheap provocations.

"Winning or losing is not important. You, how far have you fallen?"

"I don't know what you mean, but I've never fallen. Unlike you."

"Then try it. You'll feel what it's like to be stepped on to the bottom of the pit you can imagine. Hehehe."

Dante's face turned red. There was no one who ignored him in Sudo Bashuka either. It wasn't because this place was great, but because they were ignorant. He shouldn't have dealt with these country bumpkins from the start.

"That's interesting. I'll break you. Then you'll have to kneel before me too."

When Dante left with his party, Canis lost his appetite. He didn't understand why there were so many self-centered people among the nobles.

Arin chewed her food and said.

"Unexpected, Canis. You obediently said Sirone was the best."

"I hate annoying things. I don't want to be noticed in this place either."

"Well, Sirone will do well on his own anyway."

Canis pouted his lips. He didn't care about himself, but he thought Arin would be a little worried as a member of the heaven faction.

"That's true, but... doesn't it sound too irresponsible?"

"No, not really. I really think Sirone will be fine."

Arin sucked her fingers and looked at the rice ball left in Canis's hand.

"Did you finish eating?"

"No, this is..."

Canis pulled the rice ball defensively. He should have eaten it quickly. He ended up losing a meal because of some stupid guys.

"Oh, you're done. You eat it."

"Hehe, thanks."

Arin seemed to have regained some energy after being hungry.

"By the way, Sirone has a lot of enemies."

"But he also has a lot of allies. He won't be lonely."

Canis looked up at the sunny sky. Habist was still analyzing the book of light and darkness brought from heaven at this moment.

He had no hurry since he inherited Arcane's legacy. Sometimes he wondered if this kind of leisure was not bad. He had been running around without a break until now.

"Slowly, slowly we'll do it."

"Yeah, let's do that."

Canis smiled and looked back at Arin. And he shook his head as if he couldn't stop her and patted her back.

"Eat slowly."

4. Combat Simulation (1)

After lunchtime, it was time for the advanced class integration lesson. As usual, the teacher in charge was Ethela and the place was the training ground with the image zone.
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests for me?
[Translated block]


```text
About 10 minutes later, Shirone came running out of breath.

She had gotten used to moving around with teleportation during the vacation, so she didn't expect it to be so hard to get to Kuboro.

"Ah, Teacher Etella. I'm sorry. I tried to be on time."

"That's okay. I heard from Nade. Go inside and get ready for class."

Dante and his friends realized that it was impossible to meet Shirone at lunchtime from the start and made a face like they had eaten shit.

If that was the case, why didn't she tell them? What kind of bullshit is this, treating them like trained dogs?

"Okay, everyone. Nice to see you all. I see some new faces this semester. Dante, Closer, Sabina, welcome to Alpheus Magic School. Everyone, give them a round of applause."

Dante curled his lips in disbelief. He had high expectations for the subject taught by Lomi Etella, who was famous even at the Royal Magic School, but she was not what he expected.

She had a bland face with big glasses and her hair was tied up casually. He understood that she was a monk, but her teaching style was like the nanny who taught him when he was seven years old.

What was even more absurd was that the kids were clapping seriously at this childish instruction.

"Then let's start the class. The lower class will practice four-way transformation and sequence formulas intensively, and the upper class will proceed with mental vibration, targeting, and sequence formulas in order."

Sabina whispered to Closer.

"It looks like the graduation class and the advanced class have completely different classes."

"I know. I was looking forward to the practice time, but it's just as boring."

The only thing Sabina had hoped for when she transferred was Etella's class, who had earned the nickname Triple.

If you get a level 6 or higher in three fields, you get a title called Triple, and Etella was a legend in the education world who had achieved level 6 in magic, martial arts, and guidance (spirit realm).

But when she actually took the class, it was not only her tone that was childish, but also the curriculum that was boring basic training.

Sabina raised her hand and asked.

"Teacher, don't we do any other training? I want to learn sniper mode."

"That's a subject that goes into the major class, so we don't teach it in the advanced class."

"But you can teach it to me if you're Teacher Etella. Honestly, I came here just to take this class."

"Finding your aptitude is the process of the advanced class. Sniper mode is also a four-way transformation. You won't be late even if you learn the applied skills after polishing your basics thoroughly."

"Ugh, then can't you do it privately? I can brag to my friends if I say I learned from Teacher Etella."

It seemed that students in the metropolitan area also cared about who they learned from.

It was not his place to intervene if that was the culture of Bashuka, but anyway, according to the rules of Alpheus Magic School, he could not teach unless it was his assigned task.

"I want to do that too, but there's a fairness issue. If you really want to learn sniper mode, improve your skills as soon as possible and enter the graduation class."

A languid voice came from the entrance of the training ground.

"It doesn't have to be like that. Being too stubborn about the orthodox way can also hinder your development."

Olivia walked in. All the teachers of the advanced class followed her like attendants.

Etella's eyes met with Sad and Shiina, who were also called the three pillars of Alpheus Magic School.

The two raised their shoulders as if to say this was ridiculous.

It was an action possible because they were out of Olivia's sight.

"Hello, Principal Teacher."

Etella greeted her with a monk's courtesy. Olivia received a bow and looked at the students.

"I was watching from the entrance and saw one student who wanted to learn an applied skill. If the student has passion for learning, shouldn't you be able to teach them enough as a teacher?"

"But according to the rules..."

"Oh, I know that. But rules change over time too. It's inefficient to have Jona, who made a name for himself in the kingdom, as a teacher and only teach him basics all the time. I think this is also a factor that hinders progress."
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
It was because Ethella was such a great joiner that Alpheus asked her to teach the basics to the students in the advanced class on purpose.

But Olivia had a different opinion. The basics were important, but realistically, if they wanted to raise the school's reputation, they also needed visible results.

"The personalities of these kids are different from each other. It's futile to try to integrate them under the name of a class from the beginning. If they show potential for development, we should actively push them."

Sad and Shiina, who never missed an argument, were silent this time.

A public 2nd-class grand mage was such a position.

The criteria for classifying the ranks of mages were unified across the world. They called it a line, and it was a huge network system that managed all mages.

There were three lines in the world, and the one with the widest bandwidth was the Red Line, which was supervised by the Magic Association.

All mages who belonged to the Red Line were classified as public or non-public, and received titles from 1st to 10th class.

The teachers under the system of the Red Line knew how incredibly difficult it was to reach Olivia's position.

There were usually less than five public 1st-class mages in a kingdom, so even a public 2nd-class mage was called the peak of the Red Line.

Therefore, no matter how eccentric their philosophy was, if they reached public 2nd-class, there was no reason to refute them.

Ethella said. She was a joiner of the Red Line, but on the other hand, she was also a monk who had no relation with the mage network, so she had more freedom of speech than other teachers.

"The students in the advanced class still lack understanding of magic. I think it's important to find their own personality that others can't imitate, not just being different from others. That's why I pay more attention to the basics."

The teachers' faces became thoughtful. On the other hand, Sad and Shiina secretly raised their thumbs. Ethella was still tough inside even though she looked gentle.

"Do you think so? Okay. Then let's see how faithful your students are to the basics with the lifting evaluation method."

Ethella had heard of the lifting evaluation method at academic conferences. It was said to be more objective than other evaluation methods, and it was an effective test to gauge the overall level of spirit zones.

Shirone and his party were nervous about the teachers' fight.

"Wow, Ethella teacher is amazing, but so is the principal teacher."

"Yeah. Is something going to explode at this rate?"

"No way. Shiina teacher can't even say a word."

Ethella nodded confidently.

"Okay. I'm not bragging, but I'm proud that my students' basics are second to none in any school."

"Then let's get started. Is there anyone who has trained in spirit zone lifting in class four?"

Only Dante and his party raised their hands. Alpheus refused because he couldn't prove its effectiveness, but it was already officially adopted as a subject at Royal Magic School a year ago.

"Good. Then I'm sure everyone is curious about Dante's skills, so why don't you come out and demonstrate?"

"Yes. It's an honor for me, principal teacher."

As Dante walked to the image zone, Olivia instructed the teacher to adjust the sensitivity of the target to maximum.

Ethella explained lifting to the students.

"Lifting test is an item to evaluate the overall function of spirit zones. It's holding a target that has strong resilience in spirit zones. The target bounces off in random directions depending on the density, gravity, and shape changes of spirit zones, so the longer you keep it, the better your spirit zone function is."

Dante took his place in the center of image zone. He snapped his fingers and a spherical target appeared above his head.
```
[Translated block]