


[383] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (5)

Crunch. Crunch.

As the sound of crushing the bugs approached, Shirone slowly raised his head.

Permi was walking with his hands in his pockets. His face, which was smiling crookedly, had already turned into a skull by more than half.

As he chewed and spat out the bugs in his mouth, the students who were watching through the vision grimaced.

"Ugh!"

It was not a stomach that could bear even seeing it on the screen.

"Permi is not easy either."

Colly nodded at Olivia's words.

"Yes. He also reached the fifth stage last year and became the final survivor. But this time, there is Shirone, so I can't guarantee the result."

"Hmm..."

Olivia's eyes were only cold.

She knew that Permi had colluded without graduation. It's just that she couldn't push him because she had no evidence.

'As expected, he's a clear rule-breaker.'

If realizing an apple as an apple is a whole, accepting an apple as a strawberry is a whole of a rule-breaker.

Cognitive distortion that denies the truth.

If he wasn't an immortal function like Shirone or an extreme like Gaold, he had to be seen as a twisted human from the beginning.

Thud!

Shirone's right eye burst as if it was crushed. Then, disgusting worms came out wriggling.

Permi looked at him calmly, chewing and spitting out bugs incessantly.

But his throat still tickled.

'It's not a good feeling for sure.'

To be honest, he didn't expect him to hold on this far.

During the period he belonged to the graduation class, Shirone was the first person to follow him to the end of the fifth stage.

'I thought it was nothing...'

He was just a kid at the time of the ghost riot. But he had grown at an amazing speed in a year and came here.

'Should I go a little further?'

Permi had never been beyond the fifth stage. He didn't care about winning or losing or scoring, so it was okay to stop here.

But it was different if the opponent was Shirone.

He had to eliminate anything that interfered with his business without regard for means and methods to relieve his anger.

"It won't be decided here. Let's move on. What's waiting next?"

Spit, Permi spat out another bug as he finished speaking.

"..."

Shirone just kept silent.

The moment his natural state wavered even a little, his mind turned upside down like a sea hit by a storm.

Thud!

Shirone's remaining eye also burst out. And with that as a starting point, the fifth stage king ended.

* * *

"Sixth stage! Entering superheat!"

Colly's voice, a cool evaluator teacher, trembled with excitement and anxiety.

It was only the second time in his long teaching career that a student had reached this far.

The depth of enlightenment is independent of magic level and age. But superheat was a dangerous place even for practitioners.

"That, that is..."

The shadow of fire flickered in the pupils of the students. In a world made of only fire, Shirone and Permi faced each other.

The hem of their clothes began to burn little by little, then soared into flames and burned their bodies.

"Uuuu...!"

The students shrank their necks with disgusted expressions.

The sight of a three-meter-high flame completely burning a person was hot enough to feel even without entering the virtual zone.

If you feel pain through your nerves, fire directly stimulates your nerves and causes pain threshold.

The more terrible fact was that this was a virtual world where the body was reconstructed.

Whooosh! Whooosh!

The two burned like candles on a candlestick. Their expressions did not change, but their minds were screaming in agony.

Crossing over death does not transcend death. Humans are not that strong.

Pain wanders around the body and fear spins around the mind like gears.
[Translated block]


"This is serious. This is really dangerous."

Shirone's face began to distort slightly. It was hard to maintain calmness even with Geumgangtae's spirit.

What kind of life did Gaold live that he could create this hell at will?

But even that thought was swept away by the terrible pain that grew without limit.

The students watching through the vision no longer shouted cheers.

It was painful enough to watch, let alone how the participants felt.

The moment they shouted to cheer up here, they were instantly driven into a psycho.

"Kukuku."

Permy looked at Shirone, who was swaying between the flames. Did he dare to resist until the end against him?

'He's cheeky.'

The sixth stage was hard for Permy too. If he had known it would be like this, he would have reconsidered his judgment.

'That's why it's more annoying.'

He didn't care about the evaluation score anymore.

The only important thing was money.

He had to finish Shirone here to make this year's business successful.

"You're holding up pretty well. How do you like this sauna?"

Shirone had no strength to answer. He wished this place was real and his body burned quickly.

But cruelly, his flesh was reconstituted in real time and the threshold of his nerves was also reset every moment.

"Why don't you give up? It's only the fourth week."

Shirone's face twisted.

His mental state was at the peak of irritation. He hated everything in the world, even the fact that he was alive.

It was enough to get out of the spirit zone by talking to someone, and his anger accumulated infinitely.

Permy, who was in the same space, knew this for sure. That's why he scratched his nerves gently.

Then he had to respond in the same way.

"Who are you... exactly?"

The students watching through the vision swallowed their saliva.

Shirone's question summed up all the questions they had while they were in the graduation class.

"I wonder? Who am I?"

Permy was not in a normal state either. But he scratched Shirone's nerves more by using his own state as a mirror.

"Why did you attack Amy? Why don't you graduate? What's the reason for someone like you to stay in school?"

"I don't know what you're talking about. I'm just better at mental than others and holding up well."

The students looked stunned at their conversation.

They were talking about graduation class while their bodies were burning. They both seemed crazy.

'It's coming soon.'

Permy sensed his limit. It was impossible to pretend to be calm when his inner soul was going crazy.

Would customers flock to see him suffer?

'Business is all about publicity.'

Permy activated the timer in his head and offered Shirone a last chance as he walked toward him.

"Whatever you think, it's not true. Of course, I know I'm suspicious too. But you know what, isn't it natural that the ones who stand out get hit first in graduation class? That's the natural order of competition."

Shirone glared at Permy with burning eyes.

'I know. You're using that.'

He hid his crimes with the students' competitive spirit. It was like no one knew that a bad-tempered guard beat up a robber as he pleased.

He didn't like it, but it was an excellent strategy.

"As a senior in graduation class, let me give you some advice. Don't stand out too much. You'll be eliminated early."

Shirone's nose wrinkled. The flames flowing from his eyes and mouth represented his anger.

"Are you threatening me?"

"Threatening? It's just advice. 20 points is a big score. But is that more important than staying in graduation class for another year?"

It was a threat.
[Translated block]


If he didn't give up here, it meant that he would drop himself out of the graduation exam just like he did to Amy.

He knew from the words of Fermi, who had been caught by him. Even Amy, the best in the world, was eliminated in the early stages without a chance to prepare a countermeasure.

He would be lynched by everyone, no matter what event he got. A year's worth of effort would be wasted.

On the other hand, if he agreed to the proposal by donating 20 points, Fermi would definitely pass him.

Was it more important than doing one more year, meaning that he didn't have to do one more year?

'Give up quickly, you damn bastard. Don't interfere with business and get out of school. I'll graduate you right away.'

Shirone clenched his fists. Hot air leaked out between his clenched teeth and his teeth stuck together.

Despicable Fermi.

'Because of someone like you...'

He now knew how hard Amy had worked for a year, what pain she had endured to become a wizard.

Fermi blew it away. He made her cry all night long with a broken heart.

"Drop out? If you can, do whatever you want. I'll never lose to someone like you."

Even in the hell of superheat, Fermi looked down at Shirone with lifeless eyes for a moment.

The negotiation failed.

And Shirone would never be able to become a wizard as long as he was in school.

"Okay, then look forward to it."

Fermi turned away at the end of his words. It was the limit.

"Wait. I'm not done talking..."

As soon as Shirone opened his mouth, Fermi's figure disappeared. He released the spirit zone.

Fermi's eyes opened wide as he lay in the virtual zone. The pain of superheat was still vivid and he couldn't move a finger.

Even so, the timer in his head kept checking the time accurately without stopping.

'...2 seconds. 1 second. It's starting now.'

A guide voice sounded.

-The survival program level 7, panic, begins.

'It's my gift to you, Shirone.'

Fermi guessed that even if he was an irregular eater, he wouldn't be able to withstand level 7.

And if it was a difficulty that only one person in the history of Alpheus Magic School had ever passed, there was no way Shirone would be safe.

'If you give up, that's fine. But really...?'

Colly headed for the machine to turn off the virtual zone. It was possible to challenge a higher level for personal evaluation even if the team won, but at least that level was not panic.

'It's not a level made because humans can do it. It's just a lid that sets the limit of survival test. It has to end here.'

Colly put his hand on the switch of the virtual zone and looked back at Alpheus as if declaring.

"I'm going to stop the operation of the virtual zone."

Fermi, who had risen from his body somehow, pointed at the vision.

"No. He seems to want to continue."

"What?"

Colly's head turned as if it was broken. Shirone stood in the darkness where nothing could be seen on the vision.

Needless to say, it was the starting point of panic.

'Despicable Fermi.'

Shirone regained his calm for the first time.

All the processes so far had felt like forever, but the past that had passed was nothing but a lost event.

'I'll never bow down to someone like you.'

Shirone did not release the spirit zone.

He wasn't happy even though he was the final winner because he played dirty tricks until the end.

Fermi made Shirone a sacrifice today. He was sure to put pressure on him with his unique agitation skills someday.

'Then I'll pressure you, Fermi.'

That was Shirone's strategy against Fermi's strategy.

Never give up control. If there is a balance of power between them, agitation is impossible.

Level 7 survival was definitely a dangerous challenge, but it was worth trying because of that.

'But where is this place?'
[Translated block]


Shirone looked around.

It was strange to say that he saw darkness, but in fact, he could only see darkness except for himself.

Cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo!

He felt a vibration. It was a tremor of the entire space where he could not even sense the direction.

"Huh? Huh?"

Shirone reached out his hand with a bad feeling. Darkness pressed in from all sides and began to crush him.

'Is this death by pressure?'

His arms bent toward his body. Even in that state, the darkness continued to increase its pushing force.
[Translated block]