


[677] Sensory Occurrence (1)

The Shiron mercenaries, scattered by the explosion of the golden jade, were dispersed.

It didn't matter to Luphyst, but it was annoying that Aria was not there.

"Where did she go?"

Jane, who had flown with Luphyst, looked around in the sky.

"It seems she has gone quite deep. She seems to be approaching the bio-flower on her own. Let's wait."

Although Kuan was attached as a bodyguard, the code imprinted on Aria's unconsciousness had to be perfect.

"Find her. I'll go to the bio-flower first."

It becomes perfect when divided into two.

"Understood."

Just as Jane was about to board the cosmic rail and depart, Luphyst added.

"Jane."

"Yes?"

"I do not tolerate two mistakes."

Nothing other than returning the bio-flower to national property should affect the mission.

"......Understood."

As the cosmic rail flew away at high speed and disappeared beyond the building, Luphyst looked at the top of the bio-flower.

"It's quiet."

He muttered as he moved.

"What are you up to?"

* * *

"Kyaaaak!"

Aria, who was sitting next to the building, screamed, clutching her head.

The members of Vega, the lower organization of the spectrum, were fighting with Kuan.

The power of the Tovo tribe, with abnormally developed lower bodies on the face of a cow, was overwhelming among the lower organizations, but they could not overcome Kuan's sword.

"Where the hell is she!"

None of the Tovos had seen Kuan's face.

Because the trajectory of the young clown Pierrot was so exquisite, and because those who saw his face had their breath cut off.

A strong wind blew, and Kuan appeared in front of Aria.

She slowly opened her eyes and saw many beef scattered in front of her.

"Are you okay?"

As long as Kuan protects her, she is safe.

However, the heat of the bio-flower heated by the golden jade was so great that severe blisters from burns were on her wrists and ankles, which had no special defense mechanism.

"Yes, I'm fine."

Aria's face was pale.

'She's infected.'

Kuan's sword was useless in saving people, let alone killing them.

"I can go. The code......"

Aria's condition was rapidly deteriorating.

Radum is basically dirty and many Ain tribes live together, so it was difficult to treat if the cause was not found.

"Mr. Kuan."

Jane, who came down vertically from the sky, jumped off the cosmic rail.

"Why are you still here?"

"Because the subject is injured, as you can see."

Aria shivered with a chill as Kuan made an excuse that was not an excuse.

"You can't fight germs."

It wasn't Kuan's fault.

"Miss Jane, quickly...... my code......"

Aria spoke with desperate eyes.

It was better to hand over the code to Jane as soon as possible, as she didn't know when she would lose consciousness.

The problem was that transferring the code without connecting to the main system of the bio-flower meant death for Aria.

"It's okay."

She was already prepared.

"I am also a diplomat of the Kingdom of Thormia. I know that I am the first to sacrifice in a national crisis. Please take the code."

Jane looked at Aria pitifully.

'A tool of the kingdom.'

According to Luphyst's theory, humans are just tools to be consumed to maintain the system.

-Two mistakes are not tolerated.

The voice of the chairman of the association permeated her brain like hypnosis.

"There is one way."

Aria looked blank at Jane's words.

"What can you do in this situation?"

"I connect with Aria and infiltrate the bio-flower. If we go to the main system and transfer the code, there will be no problem."
[Translated block]


As Jane is a psychic wizard, if she maximizes the tentacle-shaped spirit zone, she should be able to connect even to the bio.

"But! Then Jane will be in danger!"

There was no way to exert full combat power in a state focused on the form of the spirit zone.

Moreover, the place she had to go was the center of the bio where the upper class of the Ain tribe stayed.

"Aria is right. We are accessories of the country."

Jane touched Aria's shoulder.

"But it's not a suicide squad. It's not a human choice to not do it even if there is a way."

"Jane..."

When Aria teared up, Jane turned around.

"Please protect Aria. It won't take long."

Her determination also required a scary decision, so Kuan bowed respectfully.

'Cosmic Rail.'

Jane, who connected the spirit zone to Aria, rode the cosmic rail and flew back into the sky.

"Amazing."

Despite the mental burden, the speed at which the rail was laid was no different from before.

* * *

In the dark place of the hidden area, Meirei was kneeling and covering her left ear.

* * *

'Gathered in bio?'

The stormy wig ran straight towards the bio as Rufist instructed.

He met the Pidu tribe on the way, but the sacred swordsman, who was recognized by the world with his brilliant twin swordsmanship, only rolled the pig's head on the ground without fail.

"Whew. Whew."

At first, he thought it was the sound of the wind, but as soon as he realized that there was a unique melody, he immediately stopped and took a combat stance.

"Whew. Whew."

It was a desolate melody, and it went well with the barren landscape of Radum.

"Who is it. Come out."

Woo woo woo woo!

Then, from the bio, the engine sound close to the roar was heard, and all the stealth devices of Radum were turned off.

"What?"

Wig, who was looking around with a strange expression, raised his twin swords when he spotted one goblin in his sight.

'What, that guy?'

A goblin wearing a shabby red cloak and wearing glasses on his unique snub nose was sitting on the roof railing and whistling.

The whistle sound permeated the air and disappeared, and he, who raised his glasses with his fingers, looked up at the cloudy sky and said.

"Do you need to fight, comrade."

It was Kido, the leader of the Speed ​​Killer.

"What are you stepping on in a ruined world?"

"Spit."

Wig spat on the ground and raised his twin swords.

"Don't compare with you barbarians. A disgusting tribe that eats its own kind and plunders anyone."

"There is no predation without reproduction."

When Kido swung his spear, a sharp whistle sounded.

"Eat, eat, eat, and finally, if only you and another human are left in the world...."

The afterimage spinning like a top drew a horizontal line and stood upright.

"Answer. Will you reproduce with that person, or will you eat it?"

Wig, who was inexplicably uncomfortable, flew like the wind.

"Don't preach anywhere!"

The twin swords flashed and approached at the same time as Kido's spear spread the afterimage.

Goblin Spear Art-108 Thunder.

The sharp whistle sound pierced Wig's eardrums.

* * *

"It seems that everyone who needs to gather has gathered."

Arkman, the master of the Silver Ring Guild, said to Etela.

Yordic of the War Chariot Guild, Evian and Elwy of the Blood Rose, and even Beacon, the medium armored swordsman, were gathered behind her.

Arkman looked bitterly at the corpse of Kon, who was a guild member.

Whether to gather first in the search by the subordinate organizations of Spectrum was purely luck, and Kon could be said to be the most unlucky.
[Translated block]


"You fool. You should have survived somehow."

"I will go to the living flower now."

The reason there was no answer to Ethela's words was because they knew the reality of this operation.

There was nothing they could do in the mission where the ancient weapon was attacking the ground.

"I won't ask you to go with me. No, you should go back now."

It was a matter for Shiro to judge, but Ethela already knew what choice her disciple would make.

"I will take responsibility. It won't harm you."

They thought they were eligible to receive 100,000 gold just for coming this far.

Contrary to expectations, the members looked at each other.

"100,000 gold is not enough for retirement funds."

From the standpoint of being responsible for their own guilds, not ordinary mercenaries, mission failure would have a fatal impact on awareness.

Arkman looked back at the living flower just 300 meters away.

"We're almost there, aren't we?"

The core members were not weak, so it seemed that they could somehow compete once they joined.

"If the Silver Ring Guild stays, the war chariot stays."

When Yordic spoke, Evian did not back down.

"It's a guild I've built all my life, I can't give up here."

At the moment when Ethela sighed at their determination, dwarves with children's faces popped out from the crossroads.

It was the magic race, Filker.

"I found it. It's here!"

When the shining magic was cast over Filker's head, goblins, Pidu, and Tubo flocked in.

As they approached the living flower, the number of enemies had to increase, and the crossroads were quickly filled with enemies.

"Damn! Let's break through!"

The spirited mercenaries took a combat stance, and the Ain tribes rushed in like waves.

The firepower was formidable as all the masters of the three major magic guilds of the kingdom gathered.

When Evian tied the enemy's weapons with a magnetic field, Beacon rushed in and swung his sword with his heavy body.

"You insects!"

Thinking that he hadn't been able to pay for his meal so far, he charged much faster than usual, and a dagger flew from the side.

"Kuk!"

The shell, which sounded like a short sword and looked like a shell, bounced off, and then Shagal, who was not normal at a glance, pushed his face in.

"Shagal!"

Ethela shouted, but the crowd of Ain tribes blocked Shagal's figure in an instant.

'He's in danger!'

When he opened the way by defeating the Ain tribes with his fists, the unique sound of a quick sword that vibrated the air was heard.

"Are you going to die here!"

When Beacon twisted his body to the left and right, Shagal's dagger bounced off the plate armor.

'Thick.'

Shagal's excitement ended there, and twelve more shells were stuck in the corpse, which was already dead, and the body trembled as if convulsing and fell.

"Mr. Beacon!"

Ethela tried to rush with fire in her eyes, but Shagal's dagger flew in first.

Unlike before, the attack clearly aimed at the forehead, and Ethela stopped walking, bending her upper body.

'What the hell are you.'

Why is Tia alive?

'Where is the truth and where is the illusion?'

When Shagal blocked the mercenaries, the innocent-faced Filkers murmured.

"What? Are we on our side?"

"Done! Fight quickly!"

The Ain tribes, whose momentum rose like a flame, charged at the mercenaries, and Shagal stabbed a quick sword in the forehead of a goblin.

"Cough!"

"This kid! It's an enemy!"

The members of Speed ​​Killer quickly changed direction, and numerous daggers flew into the air.

"Here to die!"

When Beacon twisted his body left and right, Shagal's dagger bounced off the plate armor.

'Thick.'

Shagal's excitement ended there, and twelve more shells were stuck in the corpse, which was already dead, and the body trembled as if convulsing and fell.

"Mr. Beacon!"

Ethela tried to rush with fire in her eyes, but Shagal's dagger flew in first.

Unlike before, the attack clearly aimed at the forehead, and Ethela stopped walking, bending her upper body.

'What the hell are you.'

Why is Tia alive?

'Where is the truth and where is the illusion?'

When Shagal blocked the mercenaries, the innocent-faced Filkers murmured.

"What? Are we on our side?"

"Done! Fight quickly!"

The Ain tribes, whose momentum rose like a flame, charged at the mercenaries, and Shagal stabbed a quick sword in the forehead of a goblin.

"Cough!"

"This kid! It's an enemy!"

The members of Speed ​​Killer quickly changed direction, and numerous daggers flew into the air.
[Translated block]


'Just kill it.'

When there was not a single life left in this world, it would finally become clear.

Terrible screams erupted one after another, and in an instant, more than 20 people fell, spewing blood.

Etel shivered as she looked at Shagal, who had revealed himself again.

"Kill them all."

Shagal was a born killer
[Translated block]