


[202] 2. The Age of Turmoil (2)

Only Arin, who had her metagate snatched away at close range, couldn't understand the situation and looked down at her empty hand. She didn't even realize that a fallen angel was standing right next to her.

"Hmm, this is a metagate, right? It's forbidden for the new citizens to use it. You're quite bold for a heretic."

Arin's face turned pale when she heard Ikasa's voice.

She was more than 30 meters away. How could she have taken the metagate?

Moreover, picking up an object while moving at high speed meant that she had accelerated with her physical strength alone.

"Hmm, what does it mean that you came here with a metagate? Don't tell me you... were sent by Miro?"

Shirone didn't answer. She instinctively felt that she shouldn't give any information to her.

"Hehe, you don't have to say anything if you don't want to. I can just analyze this and get the coordinates anyway."

The metagate was a high-tech device of the Mecha race. With Mecha technology, it was possible to dismantle it and find out what coordinates were recorded without activating it.

Of course, Ikasa already had a guess. Especially the boy's behavior of blocking the sun's rays was remarkable. They were surely from Miro's hateful hometown.

Ikasa swayed her slender body and walked past Shirone's group.

They were defenseless, but no one could touch her.

Ikasa stopped where the girls were standing.

The tall angel looked down and Amy shrank in fear. But she didn't succumb to terror and kept staring back at her.

"Are you a virgin by any chance?"

Amy's face flushed red. It was a foul word that could be considered verbal abuse.

"What, what are you talking about?"

"Kekkeke! I see. What about you two?"

Ikasa pointed at Tess and Arin alternately. Their faces also turned red without exception.

"Hmm, is that so? You're quite patient for humans."

Ikasa bent over and looked closely at Arin. Black hair, black pupils, a white face that reminded her of moonlight.

"Hooh, you're from the eastern race. I like that."

Ikasa was satisfied. She came here to vent her grudge of 20,000 years, but she unexpectedly got a bonus.

The coordinates where Miro's hometown was recorded and three girls. This was enough to have a chance to be promoted to an angel again.

Ikasa spun her halo and activated her angelic power.

"Uh, uh?"

Amy, Tess, and Arin rose into the air and a light gathered in front of Shirone's eyes reflexively.

"Stop it! Let them go! Come down! Fight with us!"

A photon cannon rushed in at the same time as Canis and Habist attacked together. Lian also ran with his greatsword raised.

Ikasa stretched out her thin finger and drew it from left to right. Then all the attacks bounced off an invisible barrier.

Shirone shouted with anxiety.

"Let the girls go! Come down! Fight with us!"

Ikasa looked at them with pity and flew up high with the three girls.

Shirone felt like her heart was going to burst.

It couldn't end like this. She couldn't bear it if the situation ended so powerlessly.

Ikasa rose to the sky and accelerated her halo.

A burning vortex was born in front of her eyes and a heavy mass was created. It was an object with a dark body and orange bands crossing each other, but it was still impossible to guess what shape it was.

"Tabu, kill the heretics. I'm going to Kariel."

"...Yes, Ikasa."

Ikasa quickly moved away to the north sky. Amy's voice calling someone followed behind her.

Shirone looked up at the sky with an insane face. She couldn't believe it was real.

She wasn't unprepared for danger when she came to heaven. But she didn't expect it to be so powerless.

'It's my... It's my fault for suggesting we come here.'

Shirone closed her eyes tightly.

It was her fault. She should have stopped them from coming to heaven from the beginning. She thought it would be a bit safer because they had a metagate. It was a foolish mistake. The angels were beings that surpassed human imagination.
[Translated block]


Kuuuuung!

A black lump crashed to the ground. Its surface was so smooth that it looked like a rock. But when it straightened its crouched body, a gorilla-like figure stood up.

There was a thin orange band engraved in a symmetrical shape on both sides, and the contrast of colors was strangely grotesque.

The triangle floating above its head identified it as a Mara. It was much smaller than the Mara he had seen at Nor's shelter, but he did not think it was weak.

"Kekeke! I am Tabu. It's been a long time since I had a fight, so let's have some fun."

Shirone and his party took a combat stance. But their morale had dropped to the bottom since they had their women taken away.

Tabu, who seemed to know or not know their feelings, crouched down by himself.

"It's embarrassing to show off in a state where my power is suppressed...."

Tabu's orange band shone and a fierce heat exploded.

"I have more than enough for you guys."

He kicked the ground and charged as he spoke.

Lian ran up and swung his greatsword. Tabu did not dodge or block. He just took the sword as if he couldn't see Lian, in the same posture as he was running.

Bang! A shockwave sounded and Lian flew into the sky.

Tabu bent his waist and looked at Shirone upside down. And he flew in that state. The upside-down face of Tabu approaching was an indescribable strangeness.

Shirone cast Rage at the approach that went beyond human common sense. A curtain of light struck Tabu, but he came through as if he didn't care.

"Kukuku, interesting magic."

Tabu's face came close to his nose. There was an orange line running across where his eyes should be, and his mouth was cracked like a crack without lips.

Rage spewed out mass at a fast speed of 20 times per second, but Tabu was relaxed as if he was facing a rainstorm.

He stretched his tongue to his chin and mocked Shirone.

"Keke. Are you sad? Losing your woman?"

A murderous intent filled Shirone's eyes. He had to get Amy back.

Ironically, the moment he realized that, Shirone erased Amy from his mind.

His mind gathered and Rage's power increased.

This time, Tabu couldn't stand it either. He moved away from Rage and began to disrupt the battlefield with an indescribable strange movement.

Creative? No, primitive.

He approached with monkey-like elastic movements and attacked with rock-like heavy attacks every time. Shirone's party could barely block them.

'Is this the power of Mara?'

The power itself might be inferior to the whirlwind snake, but if he graded it, Tabu was much higher.

Speed, strength, balance, combat intelligence, and more. He surpassed the whirlwind snake that was only big in size.

If Ikasa hadn't lost his power, wouldn't this monster have been close to a disaster?

As Tabu's fist flew towards Shirone, Shadow Wall sprang from the ground.&nbsp;

Bang! A noise sounded from the other side of the shadow.

Tabu did not stop attacking. He just kept pounding with his fist clenched.

His fist pierced through Shadow Wall and hit Shirone's forehead.

The first barrier absorbed the shock, but even so, he felt like the world was spinning.

Canis sprang from Shirone's shadow.

"It's no use with ordinary attacks. Open Immortal Function now."

"What are you talking about? I've opened it since when."

Canis made an absurd expression. He knew best how powerful Photon Cannon was when cast in Immortal Function state. Even so, did he say he couldn't even hurt him?

"Is laser impossible?"

"It might be hard. He's small and fast."

It took more than five seconds to concentrate energy. It might be possible if he was as big as a whirlwind snake, but it was a difficult tactic against Tabu who couldn't even predict his movements.

"Let's try anyway. I'll hold him back. Attack then."

Canis cast Shadow Power. The shadows gathered like capillaries and grabbed Tabu's ankles, then climbed up his knees and tied his wrists tightly.
[Translated block]


```text
Siro's laser made Tabu's body gradually heat up. If he stayed like this, it was only a matter of time before he exploded, no matter how great his durability was.

"Kahaha! Satisfied! This is the end!"

Tabu's thigh swelled up and he leaped, tearing apart the dark power that was holding his limbs like a string.

His figure instantly became a dot in the sky.

Was it too much to ask? The dark power was specialized in engineering force, but it was not very strong in physical force. To hold Tabu, he needed much stronger restraint.

"Canis! Just buy me some more time!"

Siro decided to take a risk with photon modeling. It was rated as inefficient, but the situation was different now that he had succeeded in Shining Impact.

While Habist was dealing with Tabu, Canis saw the sphere of light gathering around Siro.

It was not as bright as Shining Impact, so it seemed that he was trying to reduce the vibration of the particles and model them.

It was a good idea, but would it work?

- Even if you suppress the vibration, you can't make it big enough to model. It will explode like Shining Impact anyway.

- No. It doesn't look like compression.

Canis turned his head at Habist's words.

What Siro modeled with the sphere of light was a small ring that could be made with his index finger and thumb.

'That kid! Don't tell me...?'

A surprising thought flashed through Canis's mind.

Surely light magic could not model as precisely as dark magic.

But it might not be impossible to model itself.

The ring of light that Siro made began to duplicate itself over and over.

A chill ran down Canis's spine as he watched the scene.

There was a shape that could be made with photons.

Fractal structure.

It is called a fractal when it forms a whole by duplicating its own shape.

Siro came up with a way to collect the minimum particles and make the simplest shape, and then duplicate it infinitely.

Once a shape was completed, it took no time to print it out.

A chain spewed out like a stream of water from the sphere of light between Siro's palms.

It was a way of going against the attribute, so the mental consumption was more severe than ordinary magic, but it was the only strategy that could be tried against Tabu.

Tabu, who was chasing Canis, noticed something strange and looked back at Siro.

Dozens of meters long chains were flickering around Siro, emitting light.

The ability of light called angelic power. Among them, it was light modeling, which was said to be the most difficult.

"Such a lowly human!"

Tabu roared and rushed in. Siro also swung his arm and threw the chain.

The chain twisted into a sphere wrapped around Tabu's body. It started from his ankle, wrapped around his waist, dug into his armpit. Then it turned around his neck and came down in an X shape and wrapped around his thigh.

Clack! The sound of stone scraping sounded.

Tabu's fist stopped just before hitting Siro's nose. His trembling fist represented his anger.

"Kuuuuuu!"

Tabu couldn't budge.

The rings of chain with gravity pulled each other and increased the tension.

If he moved his body a little bit, it would squeeze into the gap and tighten up.

Fairy Chief Egi Rin looked at Tabu wrapped in chains of light with disbelief.

Who on earth is that boy?

Even among the angels who wielded light, only a few could use modeling magic.

It was hard to believe the situation for Canis as well.

It wasn't a simple chain. He used fractal technology to form a shape and used mass to generate tension.

Siro's magic was different from before. There were magics that corresponded to photon cannon in other branches. Laser and photonic were also the same.

But the magic of chain was an exclusive domain of god particle that no branch could follow.

- The battery of Unrocker is evolving at a frightening speed. And each one breaks common sense. After Shining Impact, this time it's Shining Chain?
```
[Translated block]


```text
Canis kept silent. It was a good thing that his colleague was getting stronger in the situation where he had to find his friends, but his innate aggressiveness was feeling defeated.

-Canis, your heart is beating fast. Don't worry too much. You came to heaven to get stronger. You can surpass Sirona.

-Yeah. Someday I have to surpass her. Let's focus on the situation right now.

Canis comforted himself and walked to where Tabu was tied up.
```

How is my translation? Did I make any mistakes?
[Translated block]