
The beginning of change (10)

"Miro."

Gaold took another hard step. He didn't even know how it was possible.

Only all his senses became transcendentally clear, and the more they did, the more pain he felt.

The pain of the body became the pain of the mind, and the mind seeped into the heart and knocked on the gates of hell.

The human heart is hell.

"Miro!"

As the restraining force increased, the threshold of pain continued to rise.

Even in the midst of terrible pain, Gaold could not feel the change in his body.

It was too painful.

The mind has no substance, so it has no limit.

"Aaaaaah!"

Pain 100 times.

Gaold's face was distorted beyond recognition as a human.

Even the magicians and jurists who boasted of being the best in the world felt a monstrousness beyond human as they moved away from Gaold, who was breaking free from the restraint and moving forward.

"How can this happen......"

Sein shouted.

"Gaold! Stop! You'll die like that!"

Gaold did not give up.

His sensitive nerves were only directed towards Miro, who was getting farther away.

-You can't do anything!

'Oh God.'

Pain 400 times.

Puck! The bouncing nerve pierced through the skin and popped out.

It felt like he had become nothing but nerves, pain itself.

Thump! Thump!

Every time he stepped forward, his bones hurt as if they were breaking and shock hit his brain.

It was impossible to be so cursed alive.

What if you amplify a feeling that you hate extremely by hundreds of times?

"Stop him! Don't let him approach!"

The eyes of the committee shook with shock.

He did not collapse mentally even under anti-magic, and he was going against the law.

"How can such a human......"

"Huuuuuuuuu!"

As the threshold of pain increased exponentially, Gaold clenched his teeth.

His eyes burned without purpose, and the gates of hell began to open little by little with resentment for pain and hatred for the world.

"Press it to the max!"

At the committee's order, the magicians and jurists poured out all their abilities.

They applied an unprecedented restraint force to Gaold that they could not predict the outcome.

"Kuuuuuuuuu!"

At the same time, Gaold's mind collapsed as if glass had broken.

His pupils had already rolled up to the end, and blood kept flowing from between his clenched teeth.

'Oh God.'

Squeak. Squeak.

Every time Gaold moved, cracks appeared in his bones all over his body.

'Didn't I say...... I love Miro.'

Pain 10,000 times.

'But how dare...... you......'

"Oh, oh......"

The faces of everyone watching turned pale.

Gaold's hair stood up all over and began to bleach from his scalp.

"What are you......"

Pain is a very personal thing.

In pain beyond the limits of life, Gaold repeated himself only.

It was an extreme reality without faith, ideals, or desires.

Only that was everything.

Aaaaaah!

As the gates of hell opened in his heart, mouths that ate Gaold's pain popped out.

The beasts descended into this world by pain beyond life, and everything began to burn as the landscape changed around them.

It was the beginning of Gaold's extreme skill Great Inferno Hell.

Boom!

The anti-magic of the magicians crushed by the extreme skill was released and the law was destroyed, and the jurists fell down.

"Hueeeeeee!"

Gaold, who had lost his mind, opened his mouth and vomited blood mixed with saliva.

He felt only pain.

Even breathing, even beating his heart, even being alive was just pain.

Still he did not stop.

Only towards Miro.

To narrow down the gap of 20 meters that he could never reach, he stepped forward.

Miro stopped moving. As if thinking something, as if regretting.
[Translated block]


But without ever looking back, he moved his steps toward Istas again.

'Miro! Miro! Miro! Miro!'

Only the concept of Miro remained in the head of Gaold, whose memory had flown away with shock, and that blind emotion was the only painkiller that came in mixed with his pain.

"Activate the King's Array!"

As the highest decision-maker of the committee gave the order, the seal array that was prepared for any case was activated.

The seal array was drawn under Gaold's feet and began to drag down the huge evil to the ground.

"Kraaaaaa!"

The shock of being hit by 10,000 times of pain was something that no human or creature could even imagine.

But Gaold did not die. His time had already stopped.

A giant avatar of hatred rose up with a burning body from the wide-open gate of hell.

Gaold shouted.

"Kreeeeeeeeee!"

He spewed out like a monster toward the world.

The gods, humanity, the world disappeared, and hatred spread to all humans except himself who was suffering, and the world began to be eroded into a hellish landscape.

"Kreeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

It was such an extreme emotion that it felt pure.

'Damn it!'

Sein clenched his teeth and held back the tears that were about to rise.

Even he, a servant in front of Gaold's extreme, had his heart flutter.

For thousands of years, as if the gas of molten lava erupted, he had to admit one thought that pierced through his steel reason.

'Yes, Gaold! It's not over yet!'

Gaold's two arms, which had been dislocated, were caught in the center of the seal array and his two legs were twisted strangely, but his face was still going toward Miro.

If this goes on, his body will be shattered.

Before that happened, Sein flew his body.

He couldn't help but shed tears and grabbed Gaold's face and said.

"Live, Gaold! Not now!"

"Kuaaa! Miro, Miro......"

"It's not over yet. I'll do something! I'll do anything to take you to Miro! So please live now!"

"It doesn't hurt...... Pain...... I......"

"Accept my magic. Just a little more, just a little more!"

Sein injected sleep magic into Gaold's head.

He knew that it wouldn't work at all in his current state, but Gaold had to trust his words.

If it was Gaold, maybe he was the most pure and stupid guy in this world......

Sein cast magic with all his might.

"Gaold, hold on. Hold on. No one but you can save Miro."

"Kuuuuuuu."

Gaold shook his body and looked at Miro.

Just twenty steps.

He couldn't narrow it down and had to endure it, but compared to getting Miro back, it didn't even hurt.

'Miro, I'll definitely go. I......'

Gaold screamed with all his might.

"Kuaaaaaaaaa!"

At the same time, Sein's magic finally began to penetrate.

From the outskirts of hell that were connected to his mind, a light flickered like an aurora and narrowed down, and the hellish landscape gradually disappeared.

As the effect of the seal array that trapped evil fell off, Gaold's two arms stretched behind him fell powerlessly to the ground.

Thud! Gaold fainted and hit his head on the ground.

The 20 judges and their escorts, and the executioners were all stunned.

Even the escort knights who were known as the best in the world realized that they were soaked with cold sweat after the great hell disappeared and sighed with relief.

Gustav Habitz of Samhwanggye said.

"He's a dangerous seed. It would be better to get rid of him now."

He was the one who tried to monopolize Miro and got beaten by Gaold, but he didn't even have such resentment in his head.

It was absurd, but a strange thought came up that maybe he could erase Miro's space-time.

"Let's watch a little more."

As Habitz's men moved, a woman's voice was heard.
[Translated block]


Uorin's biological mother was Teraze Mistra, the Empress of Kashan.

Even if it was Habitzra, the Empress of Kashan was not someone to be treated lightly.

Especially if it was Mitochondria Eve, she would not have had only personal purposes in her decision.

Mistra watched Sein disappear with the Goa'uld on his back.

'Goa'uld...'

She had a feeling that his existence might bring a huge variable in the distant future.

The Goa'uld was urgently evacuated and treated.

He did not wake up for almost a month, and after he woke up, all he had to wait for was the severe pain that came through his sensitive nerves.

"Are you okay?"

The Goa'uld clenched his fists and trembled on the bed.

Chimi couldn't hear any words as he accepted the pain.

"Rest."

Sein turned his body.

He didn't know when it would be, but he had to proceed with the project first. The Goa'uld had to be able to do normal activities somehow.

"I had a dream."

Sein's footsteps stopped at Goa'uld's words.

"I dreamed of going to Miro."

Maybe a story that might actually happen in the distant future.

Sein accepted it as fate and asked.

"Really? How was it? Were you so happy that you felt like flying?"

The Goa'uld did not say anything about that.

"I will definitely go. Keep your promise."

"It's not for you. It's for Miro."

That was Sein's last visit.

The Goa'uld was able to get up from his seat a month later.

The pain still tormented his nerves, but he couldn't lie down forever.

The graduation exam was approaching. He had to become a magician first if he wanted to do something.

The Goa'uld wore a uniform and visited Yor Church.

He silently watched the symbol of the circle, and then Yora came from behind.

"Goa'uld, long time no see. Are you okay?"

"......"

Yora looked at Goa'uld's back with pity without an answer.

He didn't know the details, but the story of a believer who abandoned his faith had spread like a rumor.

It was obvious that the believer was Goa'uld.

"Goa'uld, you shouldn't resent God. There is a meaning in everything he does."

The Goa'uld finally turned to Yora and smiled politely.

"No, Yora. I never resent God."

As he passed Yora and headed for the exit, something snapped from Goa'uld.

He grabbed the pendant around his neck and tore his chest with his hand.

His face began to distort like a demon as he tore his flesh with his nails and drew blood.

'From the beginning...'

His nails ate away at his flesh and drew blood.

His face was distorted by the tremendous pain, but on the contrary, his mouth was torn up to his ears.

'There was no such thing as God.'

* * *

Even after Sein's story ended, Shirone's party remained silent and looked at the burning torches.

The flames burning in front of them seemed like Goa'uld's heart.

"That's how Goa'uld abandoned God and wandered the world. It was to become stronger. There is no limit, so adaptation is also impossible. It was crazy to train in such extreme pain."

Shirone felt terrible just imagining it.

Even if the sensation increased by 10 times, he would hate walking, let alone magic training.

"But humans are strange. He did it."

"Did he overcome the pain?"

Sein shook his head.

"No. He accepted the pain itself. The pain felt by the body was nothing compared to 'not being able to save Miro'. Whether it was a thousand times or ten thousand times of pain, it was just pain that came through his nerves to Goa'uld. But Miro was different. It was a kind of phenomenon and event. When you dream of something impossible, the gates of hell in human hearts seem to open."

Shirone chewed on Sein's words.

Impossible is a word made by humans, but humans also desire it.
[Translated block]
The human heart is hell. Shirone finally understood what Jullu said.

Boom.

A faint explosion echoed from the other side of the night sky.
[Translated block]