


[474] As far as I came (1)

The second thousand Lakia.

Miro was lost in countless thoughts as he watched Gaold walk towards the wall of the Hall of Corruption.

One possibility that he had felt since he heard his scream 20 years ago was that maybe Gaold would not give up.

'You're such a foolish human...'

Miro suppressed the urge to spit out a curse.

He looked at Gaold's solid muscles hidden under the blood-stained armor.

A completely different appearance from his old skinny body.

Skin full of scars to the point where there was no more space to engrave.

Anyone could see that it was a combatant body that had been completed by repeated training.

Was it because of the gap?

Even in front of a huge event that involved the extinction of humanity, Miro wanted to make a joke.

'You've gotten a lot sexier?'

He would have thrown it away at any other time, but it didn't come out of his mouth now.

Maybe he was a little angry.

As if to represent that feeling, Miro's eyes sank coldly.

He really came.

He crushed the giants of fire, tore apart countless Mara and fallen angels, and came here.

'But even if you came...'

What has changed?

Just to have me? To monopolize me? To lie next to Gaold and whisper love for him alone?

It's something that humans can do, but Gaold had already crossed the line.

This is the middle of heaven's army, and she was only worth it in a state where magic was sealed by Cariel.

A powerless hostage who became the object of a human's desire and weighed against the lives of humanity.

'Also...'

There are two archangels here.

Cariel and Uriel.

Cariel's power may be weakened, but if he teamed up with Uriel, the archangel of destruction, there could be no worse combination.

The conclusion is, even if you came, you can't go back.

Gaold will die here, and so will she.

All that remained was for all humans to be killed by heaven's army.

"Why did you come?"

Miro spat out coldly.

He could control any anger that boiled inside him, but the more he did, the more he shouldn't throw his heart at Gaold.

It would only increase the number of victims if he reminded the enemy of the value of the hostage.

"You ruined everything because of you. Do you know what you did?"

Miro desperately wanted it.

'Go back. Please go back now, you idiot!'

Miro put some emotion into his words at the sight of Gaold looking up at the sky like he was out of his mind.

"Give it back! You ruined all my achievements that I devoted my life to. So give it back...!"

Thud!

Gaold's eyes snapped as his knees hit the floor.

His body shivered from the nerve glow that ran down his spine.

At the end of a terrible pain, he reached a very indifferent peace.

His head, which had been bent as if broken, slowly rose again.

A small voice leaked out between his lips that had burst open.

"I'm sorry."

Miro clenched his lips tightly and tried hard not to show the shock wave exploding from his heart.

"I'm sorry. It took too long, right? At first..."

Gaold's words and breath got tangled up and he shivered again.

Only his feelings for Miro were clear as 20 years of time that had been cut off were connected again.

"At first I thought it would be quick, but it kept getting delayed, I wanted to come faster, but I couldn't..."

As Gaold's eyes turned red, Miro's eyes also filled with hot energy.

The emotion condensed to the extreme of a human could not be expressed by mere words.

Without any words, he could guess his 20-year journey just by the fact that Gaold had come this far.

Gaold realized that too and didn't explain any more and lifted his head.
[Translated block]


```text
The eyes that were half-conscious finally returned to normal.

No one knew, but Miro knew that this was the Gaol of 20 years ago.

"Let's go back, Miro. That's enough... let's go back."

Miro clenched her teeth.

She couldn't even understand the nature of the emotion that was rising in her.

Anger, resentment, or something else that she just wanted to wrap up with it.

'He must die.'

Her rational reason came up with a solution to cut off her emotions right away.

She had to die here.

The situation had already tilted, but if there was a slightest possibility to prevent the final war, some of them who were dispatched to heaven had to survive and leave Lakia.

"I..."

As Miro finished her determination and opened her mouth, a huge light burst out from the back of the Hall of Corruption.

A tremendous wave of energy reached here after crossing tens of kilometers, and Kariel and Uriel turned their heads there.

The shock wave was coming from Arabot, where Anke Ra was.

"Ikael..."

Kariel muttered with a crumpled face.

The four archangels who dominate the four powers are currently verifying Ikael's qualifications as an archangel.

If the archangels of the four powers suppress Ikael, it would be good for him.

They will act according to their own judgment outside the authority of the archangel, and then his decision can also be harmonized with them and become nothing special.

On the other hand, if Ikael suppresses the archangels of the four powers, the situation becomes complicated.

She will not just watch the angels rebel, and she could also be a threat to Kariel, who lost the giant race of injustice.

Therefore, he must hope that the archangels of the four powers will break Ikael, but Kariel found himself unable to choose anything.

A part of his heart could not tolerate Ikael being defeated by someone.

'No, never.'

Kariel shook his head.

She must be broken.

It's just that the one who does it is not anyone else, but himself.

'I will trample on her. The only one who has the right to trample on her is me.'

A more powerful wave of energy swept through Lakia than before.

* * *

The high spire of Arabot shook from deep underground.

Kuuuuuuuuuuuung!

There was not a speck of dust left in the place where the wave passed.

It was truly a purity that could not be seen in the human world.

"Haa, haa."

Ikael breathed heavily with one knee bent.

Exactly four directions around her, archangels lay as if dead.

'Strong.'

It was a thought that came to mind at the same time as the spirit of the archangel of the four powers.

'Indeed, Ataraxia, the supreme justice of heaven.'

Her amplification is more unique than any angel's ability.

It is a concept before Yu and Mu, which is called the limit area that intelligence can approach.

The archangels of the four powers also have no flaws as concepts that dominate the world, but even if they stick together four times, they only fall into a state of scrapes at best.

"Phew, let's end this verification for now."

Metatron was the first to raise his upper body.

"Ikael, you are still an archangel. We believe that and leave Shiron's treatment entirely to your judgment."

Shiron.

Ikael slowly got up thinking of his name.

Maybe she could have persuaded them with words alone.

But she defended her judgment on Shiron even if she had to show off her power among fellow angels.

Why?

What exactly is that boy to her?

The remaining three archangels rose from their seats respectively.

"We also agree with Metatron's opinion."

"But as an archangel who rules heaven, we cannot ignore human rebellion. We will not go to war according to Anke Ra's command, but we will intervene through Mara."
```
[Translated block]


Ikael did not stop them.

It was not only impossible to stop them, but it was also absurd for an archangel who stood on the side of heaven to prevent the punishment of humans.

"The prophecy of Anke Ra only forbade the activities of angels."

Ikael indirectly affirmed while emphasizing once again. The four angels of power nodded briefly and looked at each other.

The current battle was taking place in all six heavens except Arabot.

It was a matter of ending by taking charge of one person each.

"Then, go."

The four archangels spread their wings of light at the same time. The holy vibration caused a harmony and shook the world.

Ikael, who had been looking up at the archangels who had hidden their traces in an instant, turned his body coldly and headed for the spire of Arabot.

The only target she had to protect was Anke Ra.

* * *

Kwoong.

Uriel moved for the first time.

He jumped down from the wall and landed on the ground, creating a concentration that seemed to bend all the scenery toward him.

As he took a step, Gaold retreated at the same distance.

Since he had never retreated even once, Sein's party, who followed him, could guess what kind of pressure Gaold was under.

'This is how it ends.'

Sein controlled his emotions.

He somehow came this far, but the real gate was neither the giant race of fire, nor Mara, nor fallen angels.

The archangel standing in front of him.

Gaold managed to deal with his triangular Mara Shiva with extreme skill, but according to the law of power, Uriel's power was expected to far surpass Shiva.

"Gaold."

"I'll take care of it."

Gaold spoke without taking his eyes off Uriel after hearing Sein's voice.

"Save Miro in the meantime."

It was a ridiculous plan that Sein also knew.

Even if all 10 people gathered here rushed to Uriel, there was doubt as to how much time they could buy. It was almost impossible for Gaold to face him alone.

'But, I have to go.'

Everyone who wished for Sein made up their minds. At that moment, a powerful aura exploded from Uriel's body.

Only destruction.

Any creature, no any being buried in that aura would surely not be able to pick out even bones. It was such a powerful energy that completely blocked the gate.

"No one can pass me. All you can do here is die."

Gaold said.

"Go."

Zulu moved first, and the rest followed.

Maybe they would be annihilated as soon as they approached, but there was no way to save Miro without even trying.

Seven people scattered left and right and passed Uriel.

'What?'

There was no time to collect his surprised mind. Gangnan destroyed the gate with his foot and pushed in.

Just before entering the Hall of Corruption, Sein looked back.

Uriel was still looking only at Gaold.

'Did he test us?'

He clenched his teeth at the feeling of being ridiculed. But it was also foolish to miss this opportunity.

Sein infiltrated the Hall of Corruption with everyone.

Gaold slightly tore his mouth.

"Are you showing mercy like an archangel?"

Uriel had no answer.

He rushes knowing he will die.

That's human.

And among those humans, he felt the most bizarre feeling from Gaold in front of him.

"What are you dreaming of? There is no hope for you."

"Hope?"

The atmospheric pressure of the sphere was compressed in Gaold's right hand.

It was Bakum Press that blocked Ataraxia's photon cannon as well.

"Hope is just a delusion made by despair. What moves humans is not hope. It's very harsh..."

Gaold's body sprang out like an arrow.

In an instant, he reached Uriel's side and swung his right hand's Bakum Press.

"Despair."
[Translated block]