


```
[220] 7. Heaven (3)

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwakwa!

A flash of light burst out from Ataraxia.

Shirone couldn't control the output. As the distance increased, the flash spread and filled the world with light.

Baalb writhed with dozens of arms and legs, but was soon swept away by the light.

The objects that were in the place where the flash was running were swept away. It was as if it pushed away space itself.

Peeeeeeeeeer!

The world at the end of Jebul.

The barrier of the giant dome exploded and two beams of light that were too big to estimate cut through the sky.

"Huh! Huh!"

Shirone leaned on her knees and gasped for breath. She lost strength in her legs when she saw the landscape in front of her.

Half of the world was gone. It was an unbelievable result even for what she had done.

What was Ikael thinking when he engraved this in her head?

The only thing left in Shirone's sight was Kariel.

The sky was visible behind him and the ground was split into a giant Y shape.

The wheel of light above Kariel's head was spinning at an incredible speed.

-Life... brewing... 99... percent.

Shirone quickly turned around.

Amy was trying to tear off the panel on her forehead with all her might. But it didn't show any signs of falling off even if she scratched it until it bled.

Just when she was about to fall into despair, another voice came.

-Transmission canceled. Life... brewing... stopped...

The panel that was stuck on Amy's forehead slid out and disintegrated into particles smaller than dust.

Shirone sighed with relief and looked back at Kariel.

The archangel's face was twisted with anger. There was a time lag in the voice guidance, but it was clear that he regained his strength as soon as Ataraxia was activated.

It was an inevitable choice for Kariel.

Even if he had continued the life brewing, the result would have been the same. The amplification power of Ataraxia was not something that could be stopped by life brewing with mental power being taken away.

Kariel spread his huge golden wings and flew up.

"Do you understand now, foolish human? This is life brewing. Even I, an archangel, have to give up everything and devote myself to create life!"

Kariel looked down at the devastated world.

It was just a magic cast by a brat. But still, this is the destructive power.

Why should humans have such power?

Humans cannot control themselves. Even a good person will fall in front of the temptation of power.

That boy will try to become a king. He will dominate the world with angelic abilities and indulge in all kinds of pleasures.

'That might be a good thing.'

Wouldn't it be better to send him back like this?

Then there would be no need for the final war, and the human world would self-destruct.

But he couldn't do that. There was no way Ikael didn't know what he was thinking.

Then why? Did he really go crazy?

How could he think of passing on angelic justice to humans without being insane?

'Does he trust him that much? That boy?'

What did Ikael see in that human?

Of course, he acknowledged his talent. He couldn't accept angelic justice without any talent.

But that wasn't enough to explain it. There was something he didn't know for sure.

Then he had to catch him now. If he let him go, a powerful weapon that threatened heaven would fall into the hands of humans.

"Don't ask me for mercy anymore."

Kariel declared war, but Shirone's party had no time to listen to him as they tried to escape.

Arin brought Canis and Amy protected Peope.

Tes also ran to get Rian. But Imir was still there to guard him.
```
[Translated block]


Imir, who looked at Tes's lively eyes indifferently, turned his gaze to Rian, who was kneeling. Rian's face, which was looking up at the ceiling, was not that of a living person. His right hand was nothing but bone, but he still held a great sword. It was the horror of the Avatar Technique, which integrated the mind and body. "One win, one draw, one loss. Shall we call it a tie today?" "......" "Hehe, you're so weak. Will you have any bones left when you fight the main body?" Imir lifted his severed right arm. He shoved it into Rian's mouth and it dissolved into a black liquid and flowed down his throat. "Take him away. And take good care of him. If he survives, he might be able to save humanity. Then it will be a fun war for me." Rian, who was thrown by Imir, slid on the floor and Tes hurriedly picked him up. She burst into tears at the sight of his arm that was only bone, but she had to go home first to treat him. A drone flew over and attached a gauntlet to Tes's arm. She glared at Imir one last time and turned around and ran to Arin. Imir, who was melting from his legs, smiled kindly. He hoped Rian would survive. Humans had to become stronger. Strong enough to have no choice but to revive the King of Giants. It was his destiny to destroy the humans who had become powerful. 'We'll fight again someday. Until then, I'll take a nap.' Imir melted into a dark liquid. There were no more 'parts' left in heaven for him. He would fall into a long sleep in the ice that never melted, waiting for the final war that would come someday.

-Sirone, are you ready? Arin's voice came into Sirone's head. She wanted to escape right away, but it took 30 seconds for the metagate to work. The timing of escape was a matter of life and death. Sirone knew that it was impossible for everyone to escape with Kariel back in perfect condition. At least one person had to stay behind and buy time for their friends to evacuate. That was the only way.

-Arin. Open the metagate now. And get out of here no matter what.

-What are you going to do?

-I'm going to stop Kariel. If I delay his approach by just one second, it's enough to get out.

-But Sirone! None of us can do that...!

-Please. Make sure Amy gets home safely.

She asked him to keep it a secret. Amy would never leave this place if she knew Sirone was staying behind.

Arin couldn't refuse Sirone's proposal. Someone had to live even if it meant someone's sacrifice.

Just like Canis did, just like Rian did, Sirone also made a choice to save someone precious.

-Alright, Sirone. Signal me when you're ready.

Sirone prepared herself.

What would happen to her? No one would come back to heaven to save someone they didn't know if they were alive or dead.

It would be fine if she died right away, but she might be caught by Kariel and subjected to all kinds of experiments.

She was afraid.

That everyone would leave and she would be left alone.

'I'm sorry, Principal. You were right.'

A bitter smile appeared on Sirone's lips. But soon she glared at Kariel with fierce eyes.

She had to charge in. It took one second to open the metagate and enter it. She just had to distract Kariel's attention for one second.

By now Arin must have explained the plan to his friends? They would never dream that she was staying here.

Sirone took a deep breath.

It was the moment of farewell.

-Arin! Now!

As Arin opened the metagate, Sirone rushed towards Kariel.

Amy looked back with surprised eyes.

'Why? Sirone?'

It was different from what they had heard. Didn't they say they would throw themselves in at the same time and leave the result to fate?
[Translated block]


```
Amy, who realized the situation in an instant from Arin's sad expression, burst into tears and reached out her hand.

"No! Shiro...!"

Arin hugged Amy's waist and jumped into the portal of the Metagate. Tess, who had grabbed Canis and Lian, also flew into the portal with her eyes tightly closed.

'Shirone, please... I hope to see you again.'

Shirone lowered her head and caught the tears with her eyes. It was an expression mixed with joy and sorrow.

It was fortunate that Kariel did not care about the situation of his friends. Maybe he had been aiming for him from the beginning. If so, he would rather be relieved.

He would gladly be caught if he could save his friends.

-Don't do it, Shirone.

He turned to the side at the sudden mental resonance. Peope, who was smiling with his eyes, was flying next to him.

-Peope, why are you still here?

Peope's thoughts penetrated quickly.

-Humans are a strange race. They choose their own lives. They would willingly accept death for that.

-What are you talking about all of a sudden?

Shirone felt uneasy. He felt that something was happening that he didn't know.

It was possible enough. Maybe the reason Arin agreed to the operation was....

'No, that can't be. It shouldn't be.'

This little fairy helped us. The reason why he didn't feel like he had fallen to hell even though he was left alone in heaven was because Peope would be by his side.

-Extinction is a scary thing. But I thought as I watched you guys. Humans who can give up their lives for their loved ones. That seemed really cool to me.

-Peope, no.

-Go back to your friends. And...

Tears welled up in Peope's eyes.

-I love you, Shirone.

Peope cut off the mental response and rushed toward Kariel.

Shirone stared blankly at her fading away. A moment later, his legs stopped without his will, and his body turned toward the Metagate.

"Huh! Huk!"

Shirone ran toward the Metagate. Tears blurred his vision and he couldn't see anything.

The world looked swollen as if it were submerged in water. He was infinitely weak in front of this miraculous opportunity.

He could go back. He could go back to his original world and meet everyone again.

'Mom, Dad, I'm going. I'll definitely come back and...'

Shirone stopped abruptly. Different hearts were fighting with the same weight, but the only thought that came to his mind was one promise he made with Peope.

-If I get caught, will you come and save me? So... if we're friends.

-Of course.

"Of course... Peope."

Shirone sobbed and clenched his fists. And with the last remaining mental power, he cast teleportation.

Her words that she loved him echoed like a hallucination.

Love was such a huge concept for a one-year-old fairy. Not love between men and women, not love between friends, not love of parents, but just the only love.

Peope was a fairy with a pure and clear soul.

Leaving such a friend behind and going home was more painful than death.

'Peope! Please! Please wait!'

Peope, who faced death, was terrified. Was this extinction? Everything was scary and unfamiliar.

The world unfolded moment by moment, and his mind went from one extreme to another.

Was it really the right choice? Was what he said to Arin completely sincere?

-I'm Peope. If someone has to stay behind, leave everything behind. I'll stop Kariel.

-But... what about you?

-I can't leave heaven anyway. And this is what I have to do as an internal affairs officer of Shinmin.

Peope tried to smile.

'It's okay. I'm a fairy of justice. No matter how shaky I am, I'm going straight.'
```
[Translated block]


```text
Now he couldn't meet Egi Rin, who finally acknowledged his true value, but he was satisfied because he realized it at the end of his life.

It wasn't the wine of Ilhwa that was great. What was really great was the sacrifice of humans who willingly accepted Ilhwa's wine.

He was glad that Shirone was alive.

"You're a cheeky fairy."

Kariel snorted and reached out his hand. With his ability, he could annihilate a fairy in an instant.

Peope's lips drooped as he sensed death. He finally burst into tears.

But he didn't back down. He stretched out both hands and exerted all his strength to shoot out the power of Naseon.

"Peope! Stop it!"

At the unexpected voice of Shirone, Peope turned around. At that moment, Kariel passed by. The angel's slender hand aimed at Shirone's neck.

'I won't miss you. You alone!'

He will study it. He will dissect Ataraxia's mechanism by any cruel means and make it his own.

Ka-aa-ang!

At that moment, a purple sword stuck between Kariel's fingers. A black-haired man had blocked Shirone's front.

It was Ashur, the servant of Ikael, the Triangle Mara.

"Ashur... are you going to interfere with me too?"

"It's Ikael's message."

Anger filled Kariel's eyes.

A triangle mara dared to speak to him. Did he still think that Ikael was ruling heaven?

Of course, there was a time when he respected Ikael. But she did something that she should never have done.

"Did the disgrace of heaven send me a message?"

"Watch your words."

"It's not wrong. A noble angel who rose to the rank of archangel took the seed of a lowly human..."

"Ka-ri-el!"

Ashur glared at him like a demon.

"I said clearly. It's Ikael's message."

Kariel closed his mouth. It was Ikael's message.

"If you harm this boy, she said she would never be able to treat you with good feelings."

Kariel's nose wrinkled. He couldn't understand her psychology at all.

Ikael became ugly. She fell.

But he still had some thoughts about Ikael. It was his last regret for the angel he had longed for.

But she hit him in the back of the head like this.

Why did she care so much about a mere human, who had risen to the rank of archangel?

Kariel had no choice but to uphold his pride with silence. Then Ashur looked at Shirone and said.

"Go. Peope will be safe. I promise you on Ikael's name."

Shirone had exhausted all his mental power by teleporting and couldn't move. But as Ashur's words flowed in, a faint smile spread on his face.

He could trust Ikael. She was the one who gave him everything.

"Goodbye, Shirone."

Peope sent Shirone to the metagate with Naseon's power and said. And that was the last thing Shirone heard in heaven.

(End of Volume 9)

---------------------------------------
```
[Translated block]