


[639] Departing People (2)

As soon as the personal greetings ended, Reyna, representing the Ogent family, formally gathered her hands and spoke.

"Congratulations, Shirone. I knew you could do it."

"Thank you."

Shirone also bowed her head.

Without the sponsorship of the Ogent family, it would have been even more difficult to achieve the dream of a wizard.

"Ho ho ho! Thank you. Thanks to you, the name of Ogent has become known to the world. You can't pretend you don't know later."

"Of course. I'll come to greet you after graduation."

Anyway, since she was the top student, it was clear that various organizations would reach out to her, and wherever she was, she was with Lian.

"You were here."

As Iruki's father Albino approached, Shirone greeted him with a tense attitude.

"Hello. I'm Arian Shirone, a friend of Iruki."

"Shirone, you don't have to be so formal. Just think of it as air."

Iruki, who was anxious at Albino's words that he would meet Shirone and leave, followed.

"I've heard a lot about Iruki. Please take good care of our son in the future."

"Take care? He's a friend."

When Albino reached out his hand, Shirone shook it with a start.

"When you go out into society, it's not just that. There can also be diplomatic problems."

"Oh, that's true, but......"

"Today is a big day. Work hard for the Kingdom of Tormia in the future."

Albino's words were clearly intended to incorporate Shirone into his own country.

"Why does my father decide someone else's future? It's Shirone's life, so let her do what she wants."

As the contract was handled by the magic department, he couldn't let such a talent be taken away by another country.

"That's not your life either. I want to hear Shirone's thoughts."

Although it was clearly awkward to say it outright, Shirone spoke outright.

"I haven't decided yet. I'm going to make the best choice for me."

Iruki exhaled with a relieved expression.

"Did you think it would work? Is your head really rusty?"

'So you're still far away, kiddo.'

Iruki will follow in his father's footsteps and enter the Dragon Order.

As a brain that oversees the policies of the kingdom, whether Shirone is in the words he can move or not is a world of difference.

He wanted to plant Shirone next to his son in advance.

'Anyway, if they're friends, there's no need to be too awkward.'

Once he gave up his greed, Albino approached Vincent to break the stiff atmosphere.

"Congratulations. You've raised your son well."

When the top nobleman set an example, Vincent didn't know what to do with himself.

"No, we didn't do anything."

"Of course you would say that."

"Huh?"

When Vincent raised his head, Albino smiled kindly.

"The best parents are those who believe in and watch over their children."

"Oh, is that so?"

With that, Albino, who had loosened the atmosphere, turned his body and spoke to Shirone.

"Come visit anytime when you have a chance. It will be more helpful than my stupid son."

"Yes. Thank you."

This time, Shirone readily accepted.

Following his father, who was moving, Iruki turned around and asked.

"You're coming later, right?"

"Of course I have to go. See you at the party."

The tradition of having a modest party among the successful candidates on the night after the graduation exam was the same this year.

"Shirone, when are you going?"

Amy, who had sent her family back, came up.

"Yeah, I should go now."

Amy, who passed Shirone straight, bowed her head to Vincent and Olina.

"Hello. Have you been well?"

"Hehe, well......"

While Vincent laughed awkwardly at the awkwardness caused by the difference in status, Olina bravely shook Amy's hand.

"You've worked really hard."

"Hehe, Shirone is here too."

It was a woman's intuition that was activated, and Reyna, who was watching the scene, felt bitter for no reason.
[Translated block]


It seemed like Lian was glad to see his sister's emotions, no matter what they were.

"Amy, you were really cool."

"Lian."

Lian, who ran up to Amy in a trot, lifted her up with a force that seemed to crush her shoulder blades.

"Ugh!"

Amy, who let out a playful scream, was rolling her feet when Kaiden approached.

"Are you going to the party?"

Although it was needless to say that the joy of passing was great, it was heartbreaking to meet those who failed.

"Yeah. I have to go. Do you want to come with me?"

Although it was a manner for those who failed not to go in order not to spoil the mood of the passers, it was the last chance for Kaiden to confess to Maya.

"No. What qualifications do I have to go? Instead, I wanted to tell you. Congratulations."

"If you're going to do that, you might as well go together. By now, Maya would know enough."

During the graduation exam, there would be no chance, but once everything was over and looked back, there was no way not to know that Kaiden had protected Maya.

"That's why I don't want to go. I hope Maya... doesn't get hurt."

"She won't get hurt. It's a graduation that Maya desperately wanted. Rather, she'll have a lot to say to you."

Kaiden shook his head.

"I wish she would forget that too."

"Anyway, stubborn."

Amy, who leaned on her waist, snorted.

"What are you going to do in the future? It's hard for me to say this, but you'll definitely be able to pass next year."

Because Maya is not there.

If you don't want it desperately, the Red Cross can do anything.

"No. I'm going back to the family. It was a school I would have left long ago if it wasn't for Maya."

"Hmm, then what are you going to do now?"

"I'll have to think about it slowly. And......"

Kaiden looked back at Shiro.

"I don't intend to interfere with your life, but Maya did her best for you. Don't hurt her. If you make her cry, I won't forgive you."

"You won't forgive me?"

The last word touched Lian's feelings.

"I can't tolerate that. It's something Shiro has to deal with anyway."

"What are you?"

The veins on Lian's temples rose.

"Agent Lian. Shiro's sword."

"Shiro's sword?"

Kaiden, who recalled the knight's oath, finally looked at Lian's face.

"Oh, agent."

He had heard some things before entering the magic school because it was a famous swordsmanship family.

"There's a blue hair in the Ogent family who doesn't have a talent, and that's you."

Just from a short conversation, Lian realized.

There are people you hate for no reason in life, and the skinny guy in front of you is going to be one of them.

Just like his brother, Richter.

"Yeah, I'm that blue hair. But you don't seem to know this. There's no one who's been talking about talent in front of me and hasn't kneeled. Do you want to kneel here too?"

Kaiden let out a hollow laugh.

"Relying on size......"

Even if it was Ogent, it was something that Cross, the top swordsman of the kingdom, could not accept.

When Kaiden lightly applied the press technique, Lian felt his body being torn apart.

As the technique was destroyed, a chilly thrill ran down Kaiden's spine.

'What is this?'

He had encountered many murderous intents at the Swordsmanship School, but it was the first time he felt his body being torn apart so clearly.

'This guy is... a ghost.'

It felt as if the lives of countless people he had cut down were rushing in at once.

'I've become quite numb.'

On the contrary, it meant that he had been far from the battlefield.

'Sword.'

The time it took to reach a certain level was not important to the Red Cross, so he didn't particularly feel impatient.

"Remember, Agent Lian."

When Kaiden left his seat, Shiro looked at Lian and said.

"We're going to the graduation party now, Lian, do you want to come with us? I'll introduce you to my friends."
[Translated block]


"No. Today, I should enjoy with my school friends. Come to the Ogent main house when you graduate. Your parents will be there for a while."

The Ogent family had already realized that external forces could come to the family due to Shirone's graduation.

"Okay, thank you."

Their consideration was warm and their thorough thinking was solid.

As Lian took his family away in a carriage, Amy pulled Shirone's arm.

"Let's go too. We have to enjoy."

"Okay, let's go!"

The first and last graduation exam, they planned to drink until they were drunk today.

Really until they were drunk.

* * *

Seven fingers pressed the piano keys with a bang.

Then, a crazy melody followed, and Prings, the player, sang with his eyes flipped.

"Sweet lover! Oh! My love!"

Next to him, Fjord was playing the violin in a poisoned state.

Even the cracking voice and the strange dissonance were enjoyable, and a liquor party was held where the passers and acquaintances gathered.

"Cheers!"

Shirone, Iruki, and Nade sat at the table and bumped beer glasses.

They were exhausted from fighting from morning till evening, but their hearts were flying.

"Kua! It's cool~!"

Nade looked around the party hall, wiping his mouth.

"By the way, Maya doesn't seem to come."

Kaiden asked Amy to tell him, but in fact, Shirone had a hunch.

'The farewell greeting is over.'

Iruki said.

"Lycon didn't come either."

"His pride must have been hurt. He was completely overwhelmed by Nade, who is in the same field."

"It's not just for that reason. I thought he would fight with Fermi, but he was surprisingly calm."

"Hmm, anyway, since he passed, it would be a win in the end?"

"He didn't come to the graduation party, which means he's going to take the black line. Then there's nothing good about getting involved with us, right?"

"Well, his father is a murderer."

"Ahahaha! Ahahahaha!"

Then Amy's laughter was heard from the center of the hall.

"Huh? Amy is dancing."

Amy, who was spinning around with Seriel, had a blush on her face.

"I passed! Kyak! Seriel! I passed!"

"Congratulations! Congratulations!"

The three people who were staring blankly slowly turned their eyes away from her.

"Is she drunk? Isn't it dangerous?"

"Are we not drunk? Leave her alone. She's Hongan, so she'll do it herself."

At least today, all actions are innocent.

Meanwhile, Dante was meeting Closer and Sabina outside the party hall.

"Are you really not going in?"

"It's okay. I can't break the tradition. And... I want to taste it when I'm really happy. Next year."

Dante fully understood her feelings.

"Anyway, I'm sorry it turned out like this."

Sabina said.

"The person who will pass has passed. Now I have a little sense."

There was a possibility for everyone, but a very small difference separates pass and fail.

Closer looked back at Sabina and asked.

"Aren't you going to see Nade? Ask Dante to tell him."

She knew her feelings for Nade, but this time Sabina shook her head again.

"No. I can't go to Nade yet."

As Nade had done before, the one who stays in school cannot hold back the one who goes to society.

"Excuse me. I'll go in."

Then Liz asked Dante's party, who was blocking the entrance, for permission.

"Oh, yes."

It was close to midnight, so Dante, who had given way, stared at Liz.

She was a beauty, and she seemed mature for a friend of a graduate.

"Wow, she's pretty. Whose girlfriend is she?"

Sabina asked, but Dante and Closer had no idea.

'Ha, what should I do? Should I just go back?'

Liz's heart started to pound again as she stepped down the stairs.
[Translated block]


"No matter how much I think about it, it's strange. They're going to see me as a crazy woman."

How would Nade think if she not only came to the graduation exam but also broke into the party?

But even after the exam was over and she thought for a few hours, she couldn't turn her steps.

Listening to the strange music coming from inside the door, Liz took a deep breath.

"Let's think again while counting to ten. One. Two."

Then the door opened and Nade, who was looking back, appeared.

"Hahaha! Hey! No matter what, that was too much! Huh?"

His eyes caught a familiar face somewhere as he was going out to get some fresh air with his friends.

"What? Am I drunk?"

Liz, who was pale and sick, greeted him with a stiff hand.

"Oh, hello, Nade?"
[Translated block]