


'Brain of Throughput' was a unique ability of La Enemy that awakened human senses and made them feel the essence of the underworld.

Phenomenon of the seventh sense.

Under the overwhelmingly high level of senses, the original five senses lost their meaning.

'Where is it.'

The fox that lost its sense of smell was still wandering in hell.

'Come out. Show yourself in front of me.'

Dragging a bag full of swords, Shagal endlessly walked the blood-soaked path.

Despite having slaughtered dozens of Gallopers, their flesh did not quench his thirst.

"La Enemy."

Shagal killed La seven times.

Without a doubt, he cut off his breath, and even mutilated the corpse to the point where there was no more to stab.

'Why can't I kill him?'

As the number of times La was killed increased, the scent of the incident became clearer and the pleasure became duller.

In the last seventh murder, he barely remembered how he killed because he lost his reason.

-Because someone has already forgiven.

Raiden's words came to mind.

'Everyone makes mistakes because they are human. Then…….'

Human itself is evil.

If the possibility of choosing evil is evil, there is no one worth living in this world.

'Kill, kill, and kill again.'

When all possibilities of evil are erased, the world achieves perfect stability.

That's how Shagal became a murderer.

Even though he knew that the final murder target was himself.

"What's that?"

Kuan turned his head at the sound of dragging the bag.

Even in front of the bizarre phenomena of the underworld, his face, which had been calm, was tense for the first time.

"Who are you?"

Shagal, who also stopped approaching at the gesture of pointing a sword, had a similar feeling.

'He's like me.'

He was a genius, but he was a twisted person.

"How many did you kill?"

When Shagal asked how many corpses he had piled up to reach this stage, Kuan sneered and said.

"One."

As always, the one in front of him was everything.

"You're Shagal."

Shagal didn't answer.

"I think you're unlucky. I don't know how you drifted here, but I can't let you go like this."

Kuan, who had no special communion with Etela, was on her side if he had to choose a side.

"Hoo."

Shagal swung his upper body from side to side.

The movement that anyone could follow contained a deep understanding of pendulum motion.

Feeling the world shaking, Kuan was bitter.

'Was it like this?'

He had always fought from the position of deception, so he was rather interested in being hit by Shagal's technique.

"I'm sorry but……."

Kuan's body soared like a kite.

"That's my technique."

Asymmetry of the pole - Pierrot the clown.

As the trajectory twisted momentarily in the air, Shagal's body staggered with the illusion that the world was tilting.

'What is this?'

The feeling of confusion was momentary, and he felt a creepy killing intent and jumped his body.

Kuan's sword passed by his shoulder.

'It's a circus series. And it's the strongest acrobat.'

The cells controlled by the schema were hot.

When was the last time he felt such a strong desire to kill?

"Hehehe."

As soon as he landed, Shagal, who twisted his waist, threw the bag into the air, and dozens of swords rained down like rain.

In the middle of that shower of blades, his two arms moved faster than the wings of an insect.

The vibration of the air made Kuan's eyebrows twitch.

'Folding.'

A technique that folds a part of the schema to enhance a specific function.

There were more extreme things like wrinkles (over face) and tearing (giving up body feedback), but the aftermath was considerable.

'This will be quite tricky.'

Kuan's trajectory, which was infiltrating behind him, twisted and circled around him again.
[Translated block]
Shagal let out a sharp laugh and swung his arm.

"Come on, acrobat."

The daggers dancing in the air moved simultaneously, spewing out the shells of rapid-fire swords in all directions.

'Darn, did he have long-range skills too?'

Kuan, who judged that stopping time was a loss, spat out 12 external gravities and burrowed into Shagal's territory like a snake.

'Here it comes.'

Shagal's eyes flashed open, and finally, the strongest acrobat and the strongest juggler competed for the supremacy of their skills.

* * *

"The sense of breaking the boundaries of space."

Shirone asked after hearing the explanation about Bakji.

"What kind of sense is that?"

Meirei shook her head.

"There's no way to explain it. The sense of time is completed by the integration of the five senses, so ordinary people can feel it sometimes. But Bakji is the integration of the sixth sense. It's hard for those who exist in the five senses to even imagine."

Jane said.

"But technically, Shirone can do it, right? She has already perfectly integrated the sixth sense."

If ordinary people also get help from the sixth sense, Shirone also had a high probability of feeling the seventh sense under special conditions.

Then it would be a major hint to escape from this world, but it was difficult for the party concerned to even grasp the feeling.

"Even if you say that, I need to know what it is to try."

Shirone looked at Meirei with a glimmer of hope, but she seemed to have no particular memory of Bakji.

"The only sure thing is that this world overlaps with the world we lived in. It's distinguished in the realm of senses, not that the original world has disappeared."

If the higher senses are strictly one world, then humanity must have been unaffected by this world.

Shirone thought about the times when she felt creepy for no reason when she was alone.

Could the imagination of countless artists be determined to come from their heads alone?

If they were influenced by this world in some way, this place was the source of human inspiration.

'Past, present, and future are contained in one space.'

This is the sense of time.

'Existence and non-existence are contained in one time.'

This is the sense of Bakji.

'So if you can perceive the original world and this world at the same time, you can escape from here. The problem is the method...'

While Shirone was lost in thought, the structure made of heart suddenly began to beat rapidly.

"What's going on! What's happening!"

The members woke up from their sleep with surprised expressions, and the core members who sensed the change stood up all at once.

"What's that?"

The gap in space was cut vertically and another owner of this world revealed himself.

He was 3 meters tall, wearing black iron armor, and the inside of the helmet was dark as if it was empty.

He was riding a black horse with his eyes gouged out, and blue flames were rising from the tip of the spear he had dropped.

"I remember."

Meirei said, shivering.

"The Lord of Fear, Igor. The reason why the members who were tired of fear died is because this place was his territory."

The brain in the tube changes the human five senses into raw things, and Igor's fear directly shocks that brain.

Lupist asked.

"Is he strong?"

"He's a division commander. I don't know about the power because I heard it through the trust."

If the hierarchy of this world is similar to the original world, the division commander is not a low position.

"Raktas Vera Imera (Surrender to Fear)!"

Igor, who raised his right arm, stabbed the blue flame-burning spear into the ground.

* * *

"Hoo."

Kargin exhaled a long puff of smoke.

"How about it? Not bad for an old man, right?"

Joshua, who had meticulously groomed his clothes and even maintained his breastplate, snatched Kargin's cigarette.

"Stop talking nonsense and it's better to be nervous. I couldn't sleep because of you."

"You won't die if you don't sleep for a day. Now that the mood is somewhat lifted... Huh?"
[Translated block]


Kargin, who was trying to snatch the cigarette again, was startled to see the cigarette burning at the tip of Joshua's fingers.

"What are you doing? Isn't it hot?"

She slapped the back of her hand to drop the cigarette, but she didn't even feel it and was staring somewhere.

"Leo......"

Her son, who died of typhoid fever at the age of four, was looking at Joshua from inside the narrow alley.

"Mom, I'm in so much pain. My body hurts so much."

"Leo!"

As Joshua jumped up and ran into the alley, Kargin chased after him with his robe on.

"Wait! Why all of a sudden......!"

But he too froze when he saw the woman standing in the running path.

"Mariang?"

She was the woman he had met in his rookie days and promised a future with, but was killed by a monster while on a mission.

Kargin, who had run away with all his might while she was being eaten, realized then that his remaining life would be nothing but despair.

"I was...... I was too young. I was too scared! I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Mariang!"

"You were scared? Do you think you were more scared than me? Look closely at what I went through at that time!"

The scene of that day 40 years ago unfolded in Kargin's retina, revealing the horrific scene.

"No, no!"

The fear hidden beyond oblivion was triggered.

"No wayyyyy!"

* * *

"No! I'm not a coward!"

The Beacon, armed with heavy armor, crouched like a bear and trembled.

The memories of being ostracized among friends in his childhood were coloring the inspector's mind with fear.

The memories of terrible mistakes that one would have experienced once or twice in life.

Only the core members were silent, just watching the events unfolding in the retina.

"What's this place?"

Without any analysis of the current phenomenon, Lian moved forward with the great sword on his shoulder.

"Murderer!"

Corpses rose from the surface of the endless sea of darkness.

"I...... I admitted defeat. I never thought of stabbing you in the back. But you cut me mercilessly."

That's what happened.

"You want to get stronger? You killed me for that reason? How many lives have your vanity destroyed?"

That's what happened.

"Our family starved to death. Because you killed me. It's all because of you! You're a murderer!"

While hundreds of corpses that had been killed so far were shouting and rushing in, Lian had no answer.

"Die! Repent with death for the many lives you've ruined with your mistakes!"

Lian grimaced and bared his teeth, swinging his great sword.

"This is the tragedy you created!"

As the corpses rushed in like a tidal wave, Lian went into the crowd and swung his sword.

"Die! Die! Repay with death!"

"Wait in hell, you idiots."

Lian, who was hacking at the bodies of the already dead, twisted his face in anger.

"I'll die as much as you want after I build the kingdom of faith."

Whooosh!

As the corpses filled the space and screamed and rushed in, Lian cut straight through them.

"Die! Die! Repay with death!"

"Wait in hell, you idiots."

A huge path was opening behind Lian, who was cutting through the corpses rushing in like a tidal wave.

"Die! Die! Repay with death!"

"Wait in hell, you idiots."

Behind Lian, who was cutting through the corpses rushing in like a tidal wave, a huge path was opening.
[Translated block]