
```text
[418] The Second Hell (5)

Shirone and his party passed through the war zone where bullets were flying and headed to the command post where the battalion commander was.

The command post was right in front of the battlefield, so they couldn't understand what they were saying without shouting.

The noise subsided a bit when they entered the barracks.

The captain, who had already finished his report, was resting in a corner, and Kanya accompanied Shirone for a smooth conversation.

The battalion commander did not take his eyes off the strategic map even after Shirone's party entered.

"I heard it."

He was a cold-looking man with white hair swept back, and his thick mustache looked stubborn.

"Are you a Nephilim?"

Shirone did not deny it.

Regardless of the truth, it seemed more effective to use the rebels this way.

The battalion commander moved on to the next question as if he was not interested.

"I'll ask you bluntly. Why did you come back?"

Shirone did not understand the question.

"You are like a myth to the rebels. But myths are most beautiful when they are myths. Some of the soldiers think you are an irresponsible runaway. Why did you come back here after leaving the battlefield?"

Shirone sensed that one of the people who thought he was a runaway was the battalion commander.

"I don't have a grand reason. As before, I'm just fighting with my conscience as a single mage."

"Conscience...."

The battalion commander lifted the window curtain and looked at the battlefield.

"The light you brought down in Sector 73 is now the sun of 70,000 rebels. I don't want to turn off that light. If you came here for just your conscience, I'd rather not have met you."

Shirone realized that the battalion commander would not budge.

The only thing in his cold eyes was not determination, but a sense of mission that he had chosen the wrong path from the beginning.

"I may have a small conscience, but our goal can be the same. I want to talk to the commander directly. Please let me go to the rebel headquarters."

"I refuse."

The battalion commander's eyes were filled with undeniable hostility.

"Fine, I'll be honest. The war is already lost. No, it's gone until just before defeat. If it weren't for the sudden halt of Heaven's offensive, the war would have been over by now. It was such an overwhelming gap. Many soldiers lost their lives. The only card left for us is negotiation with Heaven. If you think of starting another fire and pulling out, the light of Sector 73 will only be a hindrance."

"But the war is still going on. And Heaven is not moving right now. This could be an opportunity. If we can figure out exactly what's going on, we have enough chances."

"Hey, light of Sector 73."

The battalion commander leaned his face forward.

"Don't judge Mecha by Nor's way of thinking. It was Nor who started the rebellion from the beginning. But now? Only we Mecha are dying. Why did Heaven stop fighting? Who can figure that out?"

"I can figure it out."

The battalion commander closed his mouth. His teeth grinded inside his closed mouth.

"Listen up, kid. Do you think I don't know what you're trying to do? No, actually I don't know. But whatever you do, I can see that you're trying to use us. People call you a myth, but to me you're just a seed of disaster. A myth with no ability to break one fairy chief. Do you know how hard we fought while you were gone? You ran away when it was most intense, and now you're trying to change something?"

"I'm going to meet Ikael."

"Pfft...."

Air leaked out of the battalion commander's mouth.

"Puhahahaha! Puhahahaha!"

It was really ridiculous.

Archangel Ikael, who was at the top of Heaven's law. Meet him?

If it had been that easy, hundreds of thousands of believers would not have died.

"Now I'm sure. You're not like a myth. You're a murderer who lured countless believers to death with three words. Captain! Arrest this guy! Don't tell anyone."
```
[Translated block]


When the captain reluctantly tried to follow the order, the lieutenant ran into the tent as the tent flap was lifted.

"Commander! It's an emergency. The giants have broken through the rear defense line and are invading."

"What? Why? Which idiot lured the giants here? What's the reason?"

"We don't know. The defense line has been blocked since Guroi 3rd team lost contact...."

The commander slammed the tactical table.

"Damn it. Why?"

It was rare for variables to occur in the giant elimination operation. Because the reaction of the giants without identity was always the same.

But now the rear defense line was broken.

He didn't know where the law had gone wrong, but he could only think of one thing that he had lived today no different from yesterday.

The commander grabbed Shiro's collar.

"Did you see? You are the root of all this. Because of you, Guroi was destroyed, and eventually a tactical hole was created. Now you want to wipe out our battalion!"

Kanya shouted with a determination to die.

"Commander! That's a guess! Shiro is....!"

"Shut up! Do you have anything to say in this situation, a pilot who can't even protect his own equipment?"

The lieutenant backed down.

"Commander! Please give us an order! If we leave it like this, we won't last 30 minutes and we'll be annihilated!"

The commander equipped the piper hanging on the wall. He put the arc in his pocket and took out the signa and xdr. He glared at Shiro as he left the tent.

"Get out of here quickly. I don't even want to see your face."

Kanya shouted.

"Commander! They can also help with the power!"

"Didn't you hear me? Shiro is the culprit who changed the law of giants! What we have to do now is fight the enemy, not hide behind those runaways!"

When the commander left, Kanya had no choice but to follow him.

She also couldn't stand by and watch her comrades die as a soldier.

"Shiro, I'm sorry."

She gave a sad smile as she left the tent.

"But I'm so glad I met you."

She didn't know it was her own farewell.

But Shiro still hadn't let go of hope.

'The change of law. The law is a manifestation of will that can change, he said. Maybe really....'

Gangnan said.

"The situation is worse than expected. Can we really move the rebels like this?"

Sein said.

"I still have a lot of cards to offer. Tagis too. The problem is headquarters. When I heard about the military supply community, they seemed to be hiding their location, but then there's a good chance they won't get any information from the mainland either. We have to do it now."

Julu said.

"I think it's important that the law of giants has changed. It's hard to believe that giants who have only one law to go to Jotunheim act collectively. Is there anyone who can offer an answer to this?"

No one was there.

In heaven where Akashic records are materialized and exist, law is an artificial system, but in the world where Shiro and his party live, it is nothing but a cosmic principle.

As a butterfly's wing can cause a storm, it was impossible to trace where the law had changed because of the involvement of trivial variables.

Gaold suggested his own way.

"First, let's sweep away all the giants. If we save their lives, they'll let us meet whoever they are, commander or whatever."

Shiro raised his hand.

"Please leave that to me."

"No way. It's too dangerous. You have a special mission. Don't think your life is yours alone."

"No. I think it's a problem with the law."

Sein asked.

"Do you have any guesses?"

"Yes. But rather than a guess, please think of it as an experiment. There's something I have to check in heaven."

* * *

"Attack everyone! Never back down!"

Seven giants grabbed one Guroi and slammed it on the ground, then started stomping on it.
[Translated block]


The cockpit was destroyed and the terrified pilot screamed. But in the end, that too was cut off after a second.

"Damn it! Aaaaaah!"

The late-arriving squadron leader fired his arc frantically. It was a blind fire without any aiming.

Still, the giant was hit.

Still, the fact that he was unfazed made the squadron leader miserable.

"Damn it! Damn it!"

It was not a being that humans could handle from the beginning.

What about the liquor of the sun? What does it matter that the lifespan is fixed?

Humans lost the way of immortality for the sin of opposing God. And now they were facing the extinction of their race.

"Aaaaaah!"

The giant slowly turned his head as the squadron leader slammed his signa into his leg, feeling pain slowly.

He got goosebumps when he saw his dilated pupils.

"Execute...the heretics."

He couldn't stand the moan that leaked out between his teeth as his legs trembled.

"Huuk. Hoo hoo hoo."

As the giant approached, the squadron leader's face turned into a sullen one.

He had seen countless deaths, but his own death was a new thing that could not be compared to anything else.

"Execute...the heretics."

"No, no. I'm not a heretic..."

As the giant's fist slammed down, the squadron leader screamed inaudibly and closed his eyes tightly.

Krrrrrrr....

He slowly opened his eyes at the sound of scratching his throat with a low tone, and saw a beast he had never seen before in his life standing like a black wall.

His fur was silky smooth and dark, his body was slender like a leopard, he had six legs, his face was flat, and he had fangs over a meter long. There was a crack in the ground because he had curled up his claws while receiving the giant's fist.

"What, what is this?"

"What do you mean what is this? It's a 3-tier monster cougar."

Gold's party had arrived somehow.

Zulu stepped forward and flicked his finger, and the cougar made a cute sound that didn't suit his size and looked back.

"Go play."

Kraaaaaang!

The cougar kicked the ground and flew up, and the view opened up as if he had lifted a black curtain.

The giant's body was cut off every time the beast's claws swung.

It was the strength of the cougar, which was rated as the strongest in terms of physical ability among 3-tiers.

The squadron leader, who was staring at the battlefield as if he was possessed, slowly turned his head.

"Who are you guys?"

Gold said with a grin on his mouth.

"We're human. Just like you."

* * *

"Lena! Lena!"

"Sister!"

Kanya squeezed into the gap between the giants and fought with Lena and hugged her and threw her body.

As the giant's foot slammed down where they were, their bodies bounced as if they had fallen on a rubber plate.

Lena was terrified by the law she had never experienced before. Then she groped for Kanya who was naked.

"Sister! Are you hurt? Where's Guroi?"

Kanya burst into tears before she could say anything.

Poor little sister. She was sad to have to send her away like this without doing anything good in the world.

Lena smiled as if she sensed something.

"Sister, I'm fine."

Kanya rubbed her cheek on Lena's cheek.

She must have known. The surroundings were already full of corpses of comrades.

She had already decided what to say last.

She wanted to say this to her sister who had been waiting for her as much as she did before she died.

"Lena, Shirone..."

"Shirone oppa?"

Lena looked up at the sky and said, Kanya's eyes shook with shock as she followed her sister's head.

Shirone was flying in the sky with golden wings.

'Is this heaven's war?'

The view of the battlefield looking down from the sky was gruesome.

It didn't seem much different from humans slaughtering ants when giants slaughtered humans.

'But I can end it. If this works....'
[Translated block]


Shirone cast Shining Impact. The brightness that matched the sunlight blinded everyone.

The effect was even greater in the dark time.

"Arghhh!"

"Damn! What the hell is that!"

A moment later, people regained their sight.

The giant, who was also terrified of not being able to see, became even more ferocious and began to scream.

Then something flashed in the sky, and a brilliant rainbow of light spread across the night sky.

As colorful spots flickered on the plain where the curtain of darkness was approaching, the giants and humans alike lowered their heads.

"That, that is..."

Shirone, who had completed a giant Ataraxia above her head, was looking down at everyone with a radiant smile.

The Mecha people were stunned.

Shirone's appearance now resembled exactly a certain being that the believers had feared.

"Ugh. Ugh."

Hundreds of giants knelt on the ground, making the earth tremble, and then began to cry like fools with their mouths open.

The giant is also a being of law.

Ikael's magic circle exerted a powerful presence in their instincts even in a state of lost identity.

"Law's... Tuner..."

Thinking that kneeling was not enough, the giants lowered their foreheads to the ground and bowed their bodies as low as possible.

Finally, the humans' faces were revealed.

But they too only glanced at each other for a moment and then looked up at the sky again.

"It's Nephilim..."

A word that they had forgotten in their heads popped out of their mouths involuntarily.

"Sister, Shirone oppa is here."

Lena, who was in Kanya's arms, burst into tears.

Someone called him a runaway, told him he regretted being deceived by him and defying God, but she never doubted Shirone for a moment.

This was a miracle for her.

"Yes, Lena. Shirone is... really a descendant of angels."

With golden wings that were cooler than angels, and a brilliant rainbow wheel that was the symbol of archangels above his head, Shirone came back.

From the light of the 73rd district, to become the light of heaven.

"Nephilim. Nephilim."

"Law's Tuner..."

Everyone knelt at Shirone's feet.
[Translated block]