


[340] Wave of Rule (5)

"Fire call?"

Jokre scanned the direction where the rock flew. At a distance that was hard to distinguish from the landscape without looking closely, Amy was standing.

"How dare you look down on us?"

Jokre cast teleportation and raised his speed gear to level 10. Amy hastily shot a fire call, but he easily dodged it with his ability to control inertia.

"Hahaha! Is that all?"

Amy's lips curled up faintly. The moment Jokre felt puzzled, dozens of fire calls rained down from the sky and struck him hard.

"Kuk!"

Sniping at an angle of 88.97 degrees.

The fire call that was outside of his perception suddenly attacked him from a right angle, which he couldn't block even with speed gear.

Amy didn't stop and rushed towards Vivian. The radius of rule provided a favorable environment for allies, but it had a fatal drawback of petrifying oneself. In the end, Vivian couldn't do anything and got hit in the stomach by Amy and flew up an inch.

"Kuk! Kkak!"

As Vivian lay down and vomited out the contents of her stomach, Amy dusted off her hands and snickered.

"Heh, you should be glad that it's over with that."

She wanted to beat her up badly, but the situation wasn't very leisurely. While she was fighting with Jokre's group, sonic booms were exploding in the sky. It meant that Shirone's specialty, firepower battle, had begun in earnest.

"Shirone?"

Shirone was floating in the western sky. The Ice Queen was nowhere to be seen, but instead a cloud of cold air was gathered on the other side.

"Huh? That is......"

Amy's face was filled with shock. The appearance of the Ice Queen that emerged from the mist surpassed her imagination.

Trinity (1)

Shirone swallowed hard with a stiff face.

As the cold air cloud cleared, the Ice Queen's huge eyes blinked and blinked.

She probably wouldn't have found it easily. Humans also have a hard time capturing objects smaller than their pupils.

Dust or mosquitoes, hair or something like that.

Honestly, I don't know.

No, I didn't want to know.

Seeing the spectacle of giant pupils, irises, and corneas moving around at the same speed as human eye movements, her mind just went blank.

If the Ice Queen's pupils were human-sized, her face would be as big as a house. Cold air leaked out between her teeth, which were neatly arranged in tens of meters long.

The fact that only her face grew bigger was the most bizarre.

A small body was attached to a huge face. If this was a dream, it was the worst nightmare.

Why did she make such a choice?

If she wanted to scare me and stop my heart, it was a pretty good strategy, but that wasn't the primal meaning.

'She increased her brain capacity.'

That was the only way she could think of.

Shirone's strength came from her brain. So she just had to become bigger than Shirone. In some ways, it was a stupid way, but on the other hand, it was the most intuitive and clear solution.

"Ooooooooo!"

Cold air spread from the Ice Queen's mouth. The air contracted and it felt like the sky was shrinking as a whole.

The aftermath reached the ground. The ground froze and the air cooled so much that it was hard to breathe.

Dante and Lilia shivered from the intense cold. Even the monsters with iron armor skin were losing their mobility. Amy ran over while bending Vivian's arm behind her back and shouted.

"Dante! What happened to Park Yo-jin? Hurry up or we'll all freeze to death!"

Lilia shook her head gloomily. The Ice Queen's shape change was beyond bizarre. She didn't feel like she could beat such a monster, regardless of its power. Then it would be better to trap the Ice Queen here even if they had to die here.
[Translated block]


```
"Amy! Let go of Vivian!"

Joker and Rudevans, who came to their senses from the cold, ran over. But they too stopped in their tracks with a stunned expression when they discovered the change in the ice queen who appeared in the sky.

"What... what is that?"

The ice queen that Joker knew was gone. There was only a monster with a huge face floating in the sky.

Amy, who had taken Vivian hostage, shouted.

"Do you get it now? What kind of monster you woke up? So just surrender and help us!"

Vivian struggled and said.

"What do you mean, get it? Joker, attack!"

Joker did not move. No, he couldn't move. The temperature was dropping dangerously. Attack or not, they would all freeze to death at this rate.

"Hey! Stay still!"

"Ouch! Hey! Be careful!"

Amy, who couldn't stand it anymore, swung Vivian around and entered the center of the group. She cast Fire Wall and surrounded the area with a barrier of fire. A moment later, warmth was transmitted.

"Joker! You do something too! Are we going to die like this?"

Joker was also a fire mage. He came to his senses and drew another barrier inside Amy's Fire Wall radius.

But it was futile. The fire made by omnipotence had a lower ignition point than reality, but even that couldn't withstand and went out.

Extreme cold attacked. The lungs froze and the eyes became dim. It felt like the end of the world was approaching. Just like the day 800 years ago when the ice queen froze herself.

Joker felt the fear of death for the first time. His face turned into a grimace and a final scream burst out.

"Sa, save me! I can't die like this!"

Rudevans grabbed his throat and knelt down.

"Cough! I can't breathe!"

The current ground temperature was minus 120 degrees.

It was enough to kill everyone in three minutes.

'Shirone, please...!'

Amy looked at Shirone with desperate eyes.

The only person who could withstand the extreme cold was Shirone, who was protected by the power of diamond armor.

"Shirone! We're all going to die like this!"

Armand's auditory organs collected Amy's voice and transmitted it to Shirone's brain.

But even without hearing it, Shirone already knew.

Armand was enhancing all of his body's heat-generating organs, but it was still unbearable cold.

The heat consumption per second was a whopping 1 kilocalorie.

Even the organic robe that maximized the thermal effect was hard enough to crack, so the people on the ground must have no strength to move.

'Do I have to collide with it.'

Shirone pushed back Kwangik and rushed towards the queen.

As he faced the headwind, the perceived temperature dropped even more.

It was an act of suicide, but Armand did not complain at all and used all available means to maintain his body temperature.

But in the end, he reached his limit.

&nbsp;-Biological tissue necrosis. Organic material production impossible. Life activity maintenance possible time. 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.

"Keeeeee!"

Shirone clenched his teeth and charged. His whole body felt like a cold stone.

And finally, at the moment of facing his last breath, he burrowed into the mouth of the ice queen, the source of coldness.

Amy exclaimed with a surprised expression.

"Are you crazy! Shirone!"

Going into the body of the ice queen was more insane than facing the extreme cold head-on. It wasn't just about dying. How could humans know what was inside there?

Dante breathed out and said.

"Amy. The temperature is rising. Cast Fire Wall."

The ice queen who swallowed Shirone did not even blink her eyes. For some reason, she seemed to be in a temporary state of inactivity.

As a result, Shirone's judgment was excellent. Only if he thought of saving everyone by sacrificing his own life.

Amy's expression was not good as she cast Fire Wall. She already felt like Shirone had left this world.
```
[Translated block]


"I'll be back. Shirone will definitely be back."

Dante did not give a hopeful answer. The probability of Shirone returning from the unknown world he threw himself into was incalculable.

"Anyway, we bought some time. I don't know how much we have, but we have to do something in that time. Gather around, let's make a plan."

While Dante and his companions discussed their strategy, Jokre stared blankly at the sky.

'That's the true form of the Ice Queen.'

The Ice Queen's huge face was horrifying. It was as if someone outside the world was shining a magnifying glass on her face.

And Shirone jumped into that place.

Maybe he could have held on a little longer. No, he had amazing flying skills, so he could have escaped with his friends in the worst case scenario.

But instead, he threw himself with his limbs.

Did he want to save the world? Did he want to be a hero? If not, was this also an act of arrogance?

"Why?"

Jokre asked sincerely, but Shirone, who had to answer, had already disappeared into the Ice Queen's law.

* * *

Shirone floated in the world of law.

Countless stars that could not be measured in distance twinkled incessantly, exchanging signals.

Light and darkness were 1 and 0. The binary signal system was executing the Ice Queen's law.

But that was not important information right now.

The really important information was that there was no air here.

&nbsp;-Remaining oxygen consumption time 2 minutes 37 seconds.

Shirone felt a sudden fear. The time Armand gave him was literally his lifespan.

'Keep calm. If you get excited, you'll use more oxygen.'

He tried to regain his coolness, but nothing changed.

There was nothing but 1 and 0 signals. That's why he couldn't create any variables to change the situation.

Was he going to die as his oxygen ran out? Was he going to become a corpse and wander around this cold world forever?

Then the stars began to flash faster.

It felt like ants that were idle suddenly sped up like crazy when food fell to the ground.

Shirone felt his mind become hazy. The faster the stars became, the more distant his senses became.

'Oh, I see.'

This place was the digestive organ of law.

If he wasn't protected by Armand's law, he would have already been decomposed and absorbed by the Ice Queen's law.

In fact, every time his mind wavered, Armand readjusted his focus point to keep him conscious.

He felt like a piece of rice cake thrown into the sea.

'Please hold on.'

Shirone prayed fervently to Armand. He knew he was just a tool, but he was his only lifeline right now.

Armand held on well.

He didn't tell him how much oxygen he had left because he thought fear would worsen the situation.

He probably thought so himself, but Shirone felt that it was even scarier.

'Oxygen consumption rate. Just let me know.'

&nbsp;-Remaining oxygen consumption time 2 minutes 1 second. 2 minutes. 1 minute 59 seconds.

'Two minutes left, my life.'

He deliberately thought lightly. If not, his oxygen consumption rate would double at least.

Of course, he could hold his breath for a little longer, but then he would really enter the worst stage of his life.

He had to find a way while he had some leeway.

"Gasp!"

Shirone spat out precious oxygen.

Suddenly there was a huge noise. No, it was a signal that made up a huge noise.

Shake it up.

Like a rice cake soaked in water meeting a storm and breaking apart, Shirone's consciousness began to disintegrate quickly.

Break it down.

'Ughhhhh!'

Everything that had been one started to leave waving their flags of independence.

His consciousness faded away. Armand tried desperately, but eventually the Ice Queen's law began to erode his mind.

"Krrrrrrrr!"

Shirone clenched his face. His eye nerves rose and his pupils began to darken.
[Translated block]


A tremendous explosion occurred in the deep stage one, pushing out the ice queen's law.

As Gepin's seal opened to resist the intruder in his mind, he pulled out the demon again.

&nbsp;-Multiple mental bodies detected. Overdrive activated.

Armand found the only hope to save his master and immediately connected with Behemoth.
[Translated block]