


[380] Volume 16 - The Meaning of Survival (2)

"Then I'm obviously Shironeji."

Amy, who moved to the red team, high-fived Shirone, Iruki, and Nade in turn and took her place.

"Tsk, you're so eager to stand out. That's why freshmen are no good."

Screamer didn't like the fact that Shirone was the first to start the team selection.

It was a serious matter for people who had been in the graduating class for two or three years to choose a team. In the meantime, Shirone raising the flag of the team was a disregard for the hierarchy and a show-off for himself.

'At least that guy is better.'

Screamer looked back at Dante.

He seemed to be still in doubt, judging by his appearance. It seemed that there was something in common between the first-place students.

He didn't like him anyway, but putting emotions first in the evaluation was a shortcut to failure.

"Hey, join me on the Fermi side. I tried it last year and I know. Fermi is a guaranteed victory. Of course, I won't be easy either."

If he could pull Dante in, he could isolate Shirone. Then he would be able to gather more team members.

"Hmm."

Dante didn't listen to Screamer's words at all.

He moved with his colleagues after being lost in thought by himself.

"Let's go. I've decided."

Screamer's face twisted.

Even Dante, who was said to be the best in talent in the kingdom, was joining the team where Shirone was.

'What's going on, exactly? They're not kids......'

Starting with Dante, Canis and Arin crossed the line and went to the red team. When that happened, he was annoyed beyond absurdity.

'What's wrong with their heads? Do they even know what survival is? They would have found the answer if they had just looked up last year's results.'

The ratio of red team and blue team in last year's survival evaluation was 22 to 8.

The choice of the majority was right.

Of course, Fermi was among the 22 people and survived until the fifth stage, becoming the final survivor.

'I'm pissed off. I have to do this again.'

Screamer clenched his teeth.

The things he would experience in the virtual zone today were extreme situations that would not even come out in his dreams.

The difficulty level was prepared up to seven stages, but it was not necessary to go there anyway.

There was only one person who passed Survival 7th Stage in the history of Alpheus Magic School.

Even that was an unconfirmed fact.

"Hey, yeah. Be my sacrifice for my score. Let's go, Pony."

Screamer turned around and headed for the blue team. Pony, who had been looking at Shirone for a while, followed him.

As more students chose their teams, Boil decided at the end of the trunk and spoke to Pandora.

"I'm going to go with the blue team. You should choose quickly too. You don't want to hear that you just put a fork on it later."

Pandora tilted her head.

"Blue? Do you have any reason to be confident?"

"Sort of. But I'm not going to tell you. I don't want to influence your judgment."

"That's okay, tell me. I won't be swayed."

Then Boil looked around and whispered in Pandora's ear.

"As you know, survival is an event that evaluates your limits. It's not about skills or anything like that, but about endurance."

"So?"

"Only one person has completed survival in school history, I heard. We probably won't be able to hold out until the end either. So it's best to leave it to someone who specializes in this kind of thing and focus on our records."

"Hmm..."

"You know, Fermi that guy was the final survivor for four consecutive years."

"I get what you mean. But Shirone is not easy either. He's an unlocker. His mental strength must be considerable. He actually showed good results in cognition and judgment."

Boil sighed regretfully.

Why did they set the difficulty level of survival so high?

If someone can hold out even one person, then there is no point in having a confrontation in the first place.

If it is possible to pass through 7th stage without fail, everyone will stick to that person unless they are stupid, and eventually the balance of the team will become 30 to 0.
[Translated block]


```text
So it's the same as Shironena or Fermi being eliminated.

Then, at least, Fermi, who has survived the survival test for more than four years, comes to the conclusion that he is much more advantageous.

The fact that most of the students above Class 2 are heading to the blue team also proved Boyle's thoughts.

"Well, you make the decision. Anyway, I'm going to Fermi's side."

Boyle didn't say his thoughts.

It's a value judgment. He shares information with Jeong, who has studied together since he was young, but as soon as he tries to persuade him, the alliance system is bound to break.

Pandora looked at Boyle going into the blue team.

She was also worried, but she also confirmed Shironena's skills with her eyes.

That's probably why most of Class 3 belong to the red team.

"Hey, anyway, it's either this or that."

Pandora followed Boyle and headed for the blue team.

It was a graduation class without blood or tears, but at the same time, she realized how precious her allies were.

'If it's 50 percent, let's die together.'

When Pandora chose the blue team, the outline of the team was somewhat revealed.

As expected, students who did not get high scores in the evaluation were very careful until the end.

One of them was Maya.

She had been in the graduation class for a long time, so she knew that it would be advantageous to stick to Fermi's side.

'Um, I guess...'

Maya turned to where Fermi was. Then Screamer raised his chin and said in the blue team.

"Hey, are you trying to come here?"

Colly shouted sternly.

"Screamer, pressure is prohibited in team selection."

"I just asked."

"It's a warning. If you get another warning, you're out."

"Shit!"

Screamer turned his head with a tongue click. But this was also part of the calculation.

Maya is worth pushing away with one warning.

He had been losing points continuously in strategy and tactics because he kept being in the same group as Maya until now.

If you become a team here, whether you win or lose, the score difference remains the same, so you can't avoid being one group in strategy and tactics.

On the other hand, if the teams are divided, and if he wins, a gap of 40 points will be created, so he can escape from Maya who is sick and tired of it.

'Please tear it up here. You go to Class 3 and I go to Class 1.'

Maya was dejected and then moved to the red team.

Even if it wasn't pressure, he didn't have the courage to be on the same team after seeing Screamer's hostile attitude.

She approached Shironena.

He was the first person to choose the red team, so it was like Shironena's team.

"Can you accept me?"

Shironena smiled brightly and said.

"Of course. It's more advantageous to have one more person. And I'm not accepting you, you chose our team."

Iruki and Nade stepped aside as if to let her in.

He was angry at Screamer's mischief, but it was also a strategic judgment to instill a sense of belonging in her.

'Extreme depends on psychology. It's important that even one person lasts longer.'

In the end, those with strong endurance will remain, but being with your teammates can be a powerful weapon in itself.

"I want to go this way too."

Dorothy came into the red team with sleepy eyes.

Then Luman followed him, and timid Suabi also glanced around and cautiously moved his steps.

'Wow, this is unexpected?'

Nade glanced sideways at the three who had just entered.

The fact that Luman, who doesn't like Shironena very much, chose the red team means that there is a high possibility that Dorothy is motivated by his decision.

Of course, Dorothy is almost the only person Luman gets along with relatively well, but it was necessary to reconsider that Suabi, who is indecisive like a decision disorder, immediately joined him.

'Some of Class 2 have a lot of confidence in Dorothy's judgment. That means... Is he really a brainwave as Iruki said?'
```
[Translated block]


```
Everyone had chosen their team, leaving only Aider.

Being the youngest was also difficult in situations like this.

He was troubled by where to put his enemies, as his brothers and sisters who had been close to him were divided into two teams.

'Hmm, which way should I go to make a good impression?'

Shirone looked at him with a kind smile.

Aider, who also felt trust in the team, smiled and ran there.

"Hmm! Hmm!"

Then Screamer coughed with his mouth covered.

He had no choice but to signal with a sound because he would be disqualified if he received another warning.

Fortunately, Aider turned his head.

Since Colly's eyes were sharply looking at the audience, Screamer pretended to be ignorant and wasted time.

'Screamer hyung...'

The person who made the most use of Aider in the graduation class was Screamer.

But he also took care of him a lot, so he was one of the people who should never be hated.

Aider changed his mind and bowed his head to everyone on the red team, then turned and ran to the blue team.

"Teacher! I'm sorry! I'll change teams."

Colly sighed.

But he couldn't give a warning based on suspicion alone, so he ended up finishing the procedure with that.

Coincidentally, the members of the red team and the blue team were exactly half and half, 15 to 15.

'Hmm, it's a tie. It's been a long time.'

No, it was the first time since Fermi showed off his skills in the survival test.

'Is Shirone's presence that big?'

The advanced class and the graduation class were clearly different worlds, but the title of the kingdom's number one prospect was still powerful.

It was also because he had taken over the title by defeating Dante, who was the former strongest.

"Once the team is decided, enter the virtual zone."

As 30 people moved their seats to the center of the virtual zone together, Colly followed them and explained.

"Listen carefully. It's a matter of life and death."

The students in Class Three, who were new to survival tests, had a particularly tense expression.

"The virtual zone is not two thousand. It doesn't convert information into anti-magic and deliver it. The runes engraved on the floor use sophisticated magic engineering techniques to inject specific sensations into your spirit zone as if they were real."

If the body is under the control of the mind, it is not strange that a person trapped in a frozen warehouse at room temperature freezes to death. But this time it was a method of directly hitting information into the spirit zone, which was extremely sensitive mental state.

"No matter how virtual it is, it can strain your mind. Once you enter the survival test, your brain will fall into a semi-conscious state due to shock. Therefore, it is impossible to consciously get out of the virtual zone."

A dark shadow fell over Class Three's face.

"Especially from level 4 and above, it's really dangerous, so teachers will also check your condition through vision. But since it's an official Red Line evaluation, you have to remember that you can't help even if you're in danger."

Colly spread out two index fingers.

"There are two ways for you to get out of the virtual zone. First, release your spirit zone. Second, if by any chance you can't release your spirit zone, shout 'Toako'. Remember for sure. Toako."

Toako was a word that had no meaning at all, and it was a code made up for survival tests.

It was because if you used a meaningful word, there was a possibility of being abused in test situations.

"Teachers never respond to words other than Toako. No matter what you say, save me, I give up, something is wrong with the virtual zone, etc., we can't save you."

All students in graduation class showed grim eyes.

"What I want to ask is, do your best but don't be stubborn. This is just a rehearsal. Also, if you feel any abnormalities after coming out of the virtual zone, tell me right away so that you can get mental treatment. Did everyone understand?"

"Yes!"

The students' voices echoed through the mountains of the training ground.
```

Wow! That sounds like an intense survival test. Are you one of those students? What kind of abilities do you have?
[Translated block]