


```text
[284] 3. Midnight Ball (5)

"It looks like it will be quiet today. But we can't let our guard down."

Shirone smiled in response.

She wasn't doing this just to dig up some high-level information. She appreciated Reyna's efforts to reassure her.

"I'm sorry about earlier. I guess I was a bit nervous."

"Hehe, it's okay. Don't worry too much. I'll do my best to protect you. By the way, relax a bit. If you're so tense, you might fall."

Shirone loosened up and the two of them showed a beautiful dance like flowing water.

They were the most beautiful couple in the ballroom.

"Hoho! They really look good together. How can Shirone be so beautiful? It must be because she inherited the bloodline of the Emperor."

"What about her partner? I heard he's a very famous musician in the Kingdom of Tormia. He has such a nice impression, too. He makes me feel good just by looking at him."

Amy was standing next to the noble ladies who were chatting. She also thought they were clearly different from other couples.

'Why are they so late?'

Amy checked the time and realized it was much longer than originally planned. She wondered if they had gotten any new information when someone approached her.

Amy saw Zion and was startled and bowed.

"Hello, Your Highness."

"How are you? Are you enjoying the ball?"

"Yes. Everything is to my liking."

Zion smiled satisfactorily. He felt like he had become a prince after dealing with Shirone, who knew how to mock the royal family, and Amy, who was flustered.

"How about it? Can I ask for a partner for a while?"

Amy looked at Zion's outstretched hand.

According to the law, she needed another partner to refuse a partner request.

But Shirone was dancing with Reyna, so she had no reason to refuse. He must have thought of that and approached her.

"Yes. It's an honor."

Amy took Zion's hand and entered the ballroom.

It was her first time dancing the traditional dance of Kazra, but she was able to match Zion's breath easily with her excellent dance skills and red-eye ability.

The eyes of the nobles moved from Shirone and Reyna to Zion and Amy.

They received compliments that were no less than those of Shirone and Reyna. Lovely. Beautiful. Noble, etc.

Amy felt her face burning. Is this what it feels like to be a princess?

But that was the end of her emotion.

She had never thought of becoming a princess before. She thought of becoming the world's best magician every day, though.

'You're surprisingly naive. Unexpected, huh?'

Zion thought he had crossed seven out of ten hurdles when he saw Amy blush. He knew what words worked at times like this from his experience of spreading rumors with noble women since he was 12 years old.

"You're beautiful."

Amy felt like she had been attacked.

Is this kid in his right mind? She wanted to scream out of embarrassment.

But she couldn't show it because of the situation.

She just boiled her emotions inside and continued dancing when she met Shirone's eyes from across the room.

It was a fleeting moment.

Shirone looked surprised. She seemed to ask something with her eyes in that short moment.

Amy quickly looked away.

She didn't know why she did that. She just felt scared to look into Shirone's eyes.

She regretted not doing so later, but it was already too late.

Her mind became complicated and her steps started to get tangled when Zion smiled. He probably thought she was nervous because she was in his arms.

"Be comfortable. No one can look down on you as long as you're with me."

Zion liked Amy. He felt different from the noble women who were easy to get along with. He thought she was lovely and pulled her waist closer. Amy's dance stopped at that point.

It was natural that the attention of the nobles was focused on them as a result of her body reacting before her mind.
```

Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]


```text
Amy couldn't think of anything to say with her flushed face and quickly came up with an excuse.

"Ah, I'm a bit tired. It was fun."

She bowed politely as if she had planned to leave from the start and turned around, but Zion's eyes flashed with malice. He quickly grabbed Amy's wrist and whispered in a low voice.

"I took over Vincent and Olina's new recruits."

Amy looked around the crowd with shocked eyes. She was trying to find Siro's location.

Zion threatened her in an intimidating tone.

"That's not good. Don't tell anyone and follow me quietly. Then I'll let Siro's parents go safely."

Amy turned her gaze back and pretended to be calm. The biggest problem was that she couldn't gauge the truthfulness of his words.

Reina's agents were supposed to report the situation every hour and the last report came in 32 minutes ago.

Was it hard to do the job in those 32 minutes? Or was it enough time?

Amy followed Zion as if nothing had happened.

She didn't know what his intention was for doing this, but she knew she wasn't the core.

Anyway, Reina would move in 28 minutes. If she could hold on until then, the crisis could turn into another opportunity.

'Of course, I have to survive first.'

When the two of them left holding hands, the nobles finally let go of their suspicions. It was a common sight to see young men and women burning with passion and leaving the hall.

Zion, who was dragging Amy out, was boiling inside.

Using Siro's parents as a leverage was Plan B suggested by Arius. He had boasted that he could make any woman fall for him, so his pride was not lightly hurt.

'Fine. It doesn't matter as long as I get her out. I've done my job, Arius.'

Without Amy, Siro would be isolated. Reina had to manage the overall affairs of the kingdom, so she couldn't devote herself to Siro. Even if she found out later and moved, by then Siro's neck would be rolling on the floor.

'Hehehe, goodbye, Siro.'

@

Reina looked at Siro who suddenly stopped dancing with curiosity. He seemed to not even realize that he wasn't moving his legs.

"Siro, what's wrong? What's going on?"

"Uh, well... Amy went somewhere with Zion."

Reina quickly looked around. The two of them were nowhere to be seen.

According to her investigation, Zion was not the type to reveal his women. But like other boys his age, he didn't hate them either, so he had quite a few women he spent the night with.

Simply put, he might have been interested in Amy.

Amy was a beautiful girl who could make even royalty fall for her, and Zion wouldn't be rude to Siro's friend either.

The problem was Amy. What did she hear that made her follow Zion?

Reina looked at Siro. He was pretending to be calm, but his eyes were fixed on the door.

She smiled bitterly and pushed his back. It was better to let him go first if he was going to go anyway.

"Go ahead. Just ask Amy yourself."

"Can I do that?"

"What do you mean? She's your friend. Go ahead and see for yourself. I'll take care of things here."

"Then... I'll be back."

Siro turned around hesitantly. But after that, he didn't look back and left the grand hall.

Reina put her hand on her waist and sighed.

'Did I bother him too much? Sigh, how can I fix this personality.'

Anyway, now was not the time to worry about emotions.

The reason she sent Siro first was because it was time for her agents to come soon. Amy was important, but she couldn't neglect the guard of her parents either.

'Huh? Parents?'

At that point, one thought came to mind.

Amy would never fall for Zion's tricks. Then what was her motive for following him without saying anything?
```
[Translated block]


```text
"Really?"

Reina stomped on the floor.

It was not the time to wait for the agents. No, if they used their hands on the other side, there was a greater chance that they would not come. She checked the time and ran to the lodging where Vincent and Olina were staying.

4. Teresa's Proposal (1)

Sirone ran to the royal apartment.

He followed Zion as fast as he could, but he had already lost his trail. He decided to go to Zion's room first.

"Why did he follow him?"

There must have been a good reason, but he didn't feel good about it. He kept feeling strange emotions that prevented him from thinking as fast as usual.

Sirone hesitated for a moment as he tried to turn the doorknob of Zion's room.

He had a bad imagination. He remembered Amy dancing with Zion.

Why did she look away? She should have sent a signal if there was a special reason. The Amy he knew was like that.

"Am I... doing something unnecessary?"

If it wasn't what he thought it was. Or if it was what he thought it was.

Sirone shook his head hastily.

Amy was not a person who would act frivolously in the face of a big trouble. This thought was rather an insult to her.

Sirone opened the door with determination.

There was no sign of life in the brightly lit room. But there was someone. He saw Uorin walking towards the table.

"Uorin? Why are you here...?"

Uorin sat down on a chair leisurely. He looked like he didn't even notice who came in, stroking the cat on his lap.

But Sirone realized by now that his visible actions were not important.

"Uorin. Where is Zion right now...?"

"Sit down."

Uorin cut off his words and offered him a seat. His voice was different from usual, with dignity in it.&nbsp;

Sirone swallowed and sat down opposite him.

"Why are you in Zion's room? I didn't see you at the ballroom."

"I thought he would come. So I waited."

It was as Sirone expected. She knew what was going on in the kingdom right now.

"Where is Zion?"

"I don't know. Somewhere, I guess."

Uorin looked away as if he didn't care.

Sirone felt frustrated. But he didn't do the foolish thing of urging her.

He had already shown his will at the demonstration site. The only thing left was her choice.

As the silence dragged on, Uorin opened his mouth first.

"Why did you do that?"

Sirone glared at her with force in his eyes.

It was impossible not to know. Therefore, the current question was not the core either.

"Why did you open up all your power? That's nothing but a declaration of war against Teresa's faction. Zion was very angry because of that."

"If I had done it poorly, you wouldn't have helped me."

Uorin looked puzzled, but Sirone didn't fall for his mask. That too was something Uorin made him realize.

"You're different from Zion. You're the successor of the Empress. The situation of Kazra is only a part of your dream of becoming an emperor."

"Is that so? Well, everyone wants to cling to my power anyway. Sirone too."

"That might be true. But Ataraxia must mean something different to you too."

Uorin's eyes showed interest for the first time.

"What's different?"

"The emperor of Kashan Empire is the leader of Valkyrie. And Ataraxia is the ability of Archangel, who is considered the best among Valkyrie. Then it must be worth using for you too."

Uorin nodded obediently. If Sirone's Ataraxia hadn't been as impressive as today, he wouldn't have had any reason to help him.

"That's right. I changed my mind a little after seeing your ability. Ataraxia will be a great help for me to become an emperor."

"So help me. If you want, I'll graduate from magic school and be on your side. But don't touch my family and friends."
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```text
Woorin burst into a sneer.

"You're a bit naive, too."

"What?"

"How many grand magicians do you think submit their resumes to me every year? You're mistaken if you think I'm clinging to just one Ataraxia. I don't mean to ignore your talent, but you're still just a student, right?"
```

Did I translate it correctly?
[Translated block]