


Age of Chaos (3)

Capital of the Zive Kingdom, Rodenin.

True to its reputation as a free city, the city gates were wide open, and despite the setting sun, many people were entering the capital.

"Stop! Stop there!"

But Lian was an exception.

"Are you talking about me?"

"Do we have another dirty person like you here? It's okay to become a beggar after you come in, but it's not okay for a beggar to come in."

The problem was that he wasn't wearing a raincoat, even though the smell of blood had been washed away by the rain.

"I'm not a beggar, I'm a wandering swordsman."

The guard laughed sarcastically.

"A wandering swordsman? Can you distinguish between a beggar with a sword and a beggar with a sword?"

There was a strange persuasiveness.

"I am a nobleman. I came from Tormia, and I am a swordsman of the Ogent family."

Eventually, when Lian showed his ID, the guard's eyes changed immediately.

"Oh, I'm sorry. You're so shabby, no, you're so far away from being a nobleman."

Lian smiled bitterly.

"I understand."

"When you enter Rodenin, please wash your body. Even if you have an ID, there will be many inconveniences."

Lian thought it was advice that anyone could give.

"Thank you. Then, take care." There were various places to enjoy at night in Zive, which had many cloudy days, and there were quite a few people walking around.

'It's not just lively.' Lian's sharp eyes caught the darkness of the small alley leading from the main street.

People were gathered in the shadow, hidden from view, and they were not all beggars.

"Mom! It's a monster!"

Two women who were walking with umbrellas cleared the road as if they were going to fall as soon as they saw Lian.

"......I have to wash."

The giant figure, the hair stretched to the shoulders, and the big sword made him a complete villain.

While looking for a bathhouse and walking on the rainy night road, the sound of horse hooves approached from behind.

"There, that person!"

One of the women who had run away in surprise earlier was riding.

"Yah! Yah!"

The carriage that was running as if to collide stopped abruptly in front of Lian.

Receiving the rough breath of the horse on his face and waiting, a soldier came down from the carriage.

"There will be a brief inspection."

It was cumbersome because he had already proved his identity and entered.

"What's the matter?"

"We received a report. An unidentified villain is wandering the night road and searching for women."

Lian, he just walked.

"I think there's a misunderstanding. I'm a wandering swordsman. Here's my ID."

When he showed his ID as he had learned at the city gate, the expression of the security guard softened considerably.

"Tormia. You've come from a long way."

The soldier who had a clouded face spoke.

"Recently, there have been terrible murders in the capital. It's a serial murder, and the method is perverted. So......

"Are you saying I'm the culprit? I just arrived in Rodenin. The city gate guards will confirm it."

"That's not what I mean. However, as you may know, the security headquarters has activated a first-class search order. If a report comes in, we have to take it in and record the behavior unconditionally."

When he entered the capital, he understood the words of the city gate guard who told him to shave first.

'It's annoying anyway.'

The security guard was unable to chase the tail of the serial killer, and needed a performance that he was working hard.

"I understand."

Lian didn't argue.

He knew that such labor-intensive labor formed the security of the city.

'It's rather good.'

Rather than finding a bathhouse late at night, he could wash and shave at the security headquarters.

"I will cooperate with the investigation."

"Thank you."

The guard let the woman who reported Lian get off the carriage.

"We'll take care of it from now on. Don't worry and go home safely."

The woman glared at Lian.

"......I need to wash."

He was a complete villain with a giant figure, long hair down to his shoulders, and a big sword.

"Let's go."

The security guard, who had been waiting, urged him to get on the carriage.

"Okay."

Lian got into the carriage without any resistance.

The carriage started to move again with the sound of horse hooves.

The woman who reported him was left alone in the rain.
[Translated block]


"He tried to kill me! This murderer! What was he going to do after kidnapping me?"

Although a clean impression would be revealed if he shaved his beard, the scars from the battle with the demons could not be easily erased.

'It can't be helped.'

It was natural for a woman to feel fear instinctively if it was an energy that would make even the prosecutors cringe.

"Do you provide accommodation?"

The guard who realized Lian's intention smiled.

"Of course. It won't be as good as a good inn, though. Anyway, you'll have to shave to make a montage."

The carriage carrying Lian quickly ran down the roundabout.

Rodinin's second security headquarters.

As soon as he entered the three-story building located in the west of the capital, he was overwhelmed by the warm heat.

"I want to take a bath first."

"Okay. I'll guide you to the bathroom."

When he entered the public bath, the robust guards who had finished their night patrol were washing their bodies.

Like those who live with heavy iron armor, their muscles were developed and their chests were so tight that not even a needle could enter.

"Hoo, how long has it been since I took a bath?" As Lian undressed, remembering the past he couldn't remember, the eyes of those in the bath widened.

"Wow."

Although they were not inferior to anyone in terms of body, Lian's physique was different from the line.

'How can a person be like that?'

Lian's body, which had cut more than 10,000 demons with a large sword, was engineering beyond the category of creatures.

'It's not a body made with exercise. It's a body carved with a sword.'

It felt like he could see the exercise energy that came out when he twisted his perfect inverted triangle body.

The feeling of men peeking at his body was quite strange, but Lian washed his body, trying hard to ignore it.

As he shaved his beard with a sound, and scraped off the old dirt with a stone soap.

"Hoo, it's refreshing."

When he came out shaking his head, many guards who had already heard the rumors had gathered.

"Is it over? Ah...

The guard who had taken Lian was handing over the large sword, but when he saw Lian's body, his eyes widened.

'The knight of Maha. I'm looking at his whole body.'

It was an honor of a lifetime.

"I'm sorry I didn't recognize you. I couldn't see the name clearly because it was raining."

On the one hand, it was a mistake, but it was easier to confess because the other party was a knight of Maha.

"It's okay."

When Lian, dressed in the supplies of the security team, waited for the next turn, the guard admitted his mistake.

'That woman, reporting such a big shot as a murderer. Well, even I'm trembling...

Although Lian's impression after taking a bath was not gentle, it looked honest enough.

"Let's go. I will finish the investigation as soon as possible."

Lian, who thought he should take a bath and go around in the future, was treated differently.

"But what about the murder case? Exactly what is it?"

He heard it was a perverted method.

"Women have been kidnapped once every seven days for the past two months. The next day, they are found dead, surprisingly, all the blood has been sucked out."

"Is the blood sucked out?"

"Just as it is. I've seen all sorts of corpses, but this was serious. The skin was wrinkled in a state where only the skin remained without a drop of blood."

It was horrible just to imagine.

"Anyway, there is no way you will be a suspect, so you can rest assured. Now, this way...

When he opened the door and went in, the night rascals were sitting in the interrogation chair and being interrogated by the guards.

"Ho, who is this? Isn't this the knight of Maha who once made a fuss in the world?"

A giant middle-aged man over two meters tall came to the corner of the square ring set up in the corner.

It was Benoff, the second security captain.

"Captain, this person is not a suspect...

"You get out, man."

He said it jokingly, but the command was a command, so the guard quickly stepped aside.

"Yes, I know. A lone warrior who cuts down demons without belonging anywhere."

The knight of Maha was a global issue beyond what Lian imagined.
[Translated block]


"So, I cut and cut and cut and arrived at the capital of Zive, Rodenin. Hmm. Okay, okay."

"What do you want to know?"

Benoff asked, baring his teeth.

"Why our kingdom of all places?"

"I'm going home." I came straight down, so I go straight home.

"The security situation is not good these days. They're cracking down from above, but the criminals aren't caught. I'm going to die from stress too."

Benoff lightly stepped and tapped the corner with his gloved fist.

"Just finish it quickly. Come up and fight one round, then immediately to the cell. Or be interrogated all day."

In the end, he wanted to compete with Mahah's knight.

"Captain, but this way... " Benoff interrupted again.

"Just stay still. How about it, Mahah's knight? In the Security Headquarters, it's black and manly, why not try it with your fists?"

The guard whispered.

"He's sensitive. Just refuse. That person, even though he looks like that, is the champion of the Rodenin Colosseum."

"I heard everything, horse."

In the midst of the night's mischief, watching with great interest, Lian opened his mouth.

"I don't fight to beat someone."

If you can become stronger by defeating someone, what is the emptiness in Lian's heart?

"Then why do you fight?"

"I don't know. I just think that strength is not like that."

"Hahaha! As expected, there's no substance to a famous knight. It's just a lot of talk."

"That kind of provocation won't work." The laughter disappeared in an instant, and Lian, swinging his shoulders, walked towards the ring.

"But if it's a way to quickly deal with annoying things, I can't help but go up."

Benoff's mouth rose to his ears.

"That's it. Come up."

So, an unexpected fighting match was prepared, and the guards flocked around the ring.

"Ah, really! Let us see too!"

The sound of the lower guards tying up the mischievous boys and dragging them to the temporary detention center was heard.

When Lian, who had climbed onto the ring, took off his top, a guard who had volunteered as a second put gloves on him.

It was an open finger glove with the tips of the fingers exposed.

As he tightened the strap on his wrist, he said,

"I'm sorry for this. The captain is a fighting maniac. He was going to participate in the Colosseum in the Central Continent as a champion of Rodenin, but it was canceled due to work. If it wasn't for the Security Department, he would have gone to the world."

It was a roundabout way of saying to be careful.

"It doesn't matter. Fighting is a job. But if I win, let me sleep right away."

"Haha! Fighting is different from a sword." He had heard rumors about Mahah's swordsman, but the captain's skill was a force he had confirmed with his own eyes.

As he walked to the center of the ring, tapping his gloves, Benoff approached as if he had been waiting.

"Let me explain the rules. Even if you die fighting, don't tell your mom. Attacking vital points is cheating. It's better to die. Isn't it?"

Lian, who nodded briefly, retreated to the side of the ring.

"I will start the 2nd Security Headquarters fighting match. The given time is 10 minutes. Fight as much as you like."

The guard who came in as a referee crossed his arms in an X shape and then immediately jumped over the ring.

Benoff kicked the ground and rolled, but Lian just shook his body with his guard up.

'Where, let's see the champion's skill?' The sound of a jab exploding on Lian's guard followed.

Bang! Papa Bang!

Then, a combination attack made up of jabs hit the arm in a lively rhythm.

'This is fun?'

The corner of Lian's mouth rose slightly.
[Translated block]