


[660] Mercenary Recruitment (4)

Yordic, the master of the War Chariot Guild, approached Arkman with arrogance.

He was in his mid-50s with a stern look, wearing a brown robe wrapped around a carp embroidered with embroidery.

"The Silver Ring Guild is also outdated. Well, they're guys who only see money, so their skills have to be different."

Arkman's eyes bulged, but it was miserable to open his mouth from the standpoint of showing a miserable defeat.

"Hohoho! So you need faith to run a guild. You can't last long if you think about feeding the guild members."

As if the opportunity was then, the master of Blood Rose, Evian, supported him.

She was a woman in her mid-30s, wearing a tight top that revealed her breastbone instead of a robe, a short skirt, and a red cape like blood.

"Isn't there such a saying? Let go of the bird you can't hold. It has been proven here that Silver Ring is not qualified to accept Ivory Tower candidates as guild members."

Although he was upset by the miserable words of the enemies, Arkman also had something to say.

"Then are you guys possible? I'll give you one chance, how about proving it here?"

The two people's mouths were tightly closed.

They also had no objection to the fact that they could not catch Shironne with their skills because they watched the battle.

When the conversation was cut off, Shironne asked a question she was curious about.

"But who are you?"

Evian greeted her knees modestly.

"Hello. I am Evian, the master of the strongest guild in the kingdom, Blood Rose."

"Ah ha."

It was also the masters of the rival guilds.

"Then what about this side?"

When Shironne turned her head to the man with a thick beard, he reached out his hand.

"I'm Yordic, the master of War Chariot. Even if you're a rookie, you must have heard my name."

He had never heard of it, and as a member of the Silver Ring, he did not violate the right to shake hands with the master of the rival guild.

"Hmm!"

While Yordic unpleasantly withdrew his hand, Evian chose a friendly strategy.

"The previous match must have been a master verification process. But Blood Rose will not impose any conditions on you. So please come to our guild too."

If you can't have everything, it was a strategy to eat half.

Then the one who lost was Yordic.

He was a warmonger and held the hegemony with the logic of power, so he had no intention of handing over the master's seat to Shironne.

"Nonsense! Wasn't it an unwritten rule to prohibit duplicate memberships between competitive guilds? Let's have a war instead. Let's decide the strongest of the three guilds."

The key was that the balance of power was broken by Shironne getting involved, not Shironne's problem.

In that respect, Shironne also felt sorry for the three guilds, but it was not necessary to take responsibility.

'It's better. I can save more time.'

Like the masters thinking about the position of the guild, Shironne also focused only on her mission.

"How about doing this?"

When Shironne opened her mouth, all three masters paid attention.

"In fact, I'm thinking of organizing a private mercenary group."

Evian showed her complexion and said.

"If it's such a thing, leave it to me. There are many competent wizards in the Blood Rose Guild."

"No. I won't accept anyone. Because it's a life-threatening thing."

It was good to convey the difficulty properly because the Radum investigation was confidential.

Finally finding a chance to intervene, Yordic actively stepped forward.

"If you're afraid of dying, you can't last long in this field. Danger is not important to the members of the War Chariot Guild. What's really important is this."

Yordic rubbed his fingers and asked for compensation, but Shironne did not yet have a clear standard.

Even if he received full authority from Rufist, it was ambiguous to set a reasonable line without understanding the political situation of the guild.

"Well, so......"
[Translated block]


"10,000 gold."

Then again, a voice was heard from the building.

"Huh? Aria?"

Shirone was surprised by the unexpected appearance of the character, but Aria came up as if she had made a promise.

"Hello, Shirone?"

"What are you doing here?"

"I told you then, let's see you next time."

Yordic asked.

"I don't know who it is, but 10,000 gold? Is that the reward for this job?"

For guild members who risk their lives for 100 gold, it was like a golden rain pouring from the sky.

"You're wrong. To be precise, it's 10,000 gold per person."

Not only the masters but also the Silver Ring guild members were swaying, but it was awkward for Shirone.

"Aria, what is this......"

"Don't worry. I've already finished talking with the VIP."

It didn't matter if Rufist had given permission, but it was still a question why it was Aria.

As if reading Shirone's thoughts, Aria said.

"I heard from my boyfriend. You're organizing a mercenary group? I decided to join. I'll have something to help."

Shirone refused outright.

"It's too dangerous. You could die. Aria, you don't have combat ability."

"What are you talking about? I'm a formal diplomat. I can protect my life. Want to see?"

Aria unfolded the self-defense technique she learned in Wangseong.

"Ha! Ha!"

The stabbing and kicking were awkward, but she turned her head to Lian because she was not the type to judge an unknown field.

"She's done. She can't even catch a dog."

At Lian's judgment, Aria stuck out her tongue and said.

"Hehe, did you find out? I practiced yesterday. But don't worry. I've prepared a secret weapon in my own way."

"What's the reason you're trying to go this far?"

The smile disappeared from Aria's face.

"It's my job. Just as you strive in the position of a magician, I'm just doing my job."

Radum was under internal control, but it was risky to bring in personnel from there.

In addition, Radum was extraterritorial, so Aria had a lot to do, and above all, Rufist liked the fact that it was a terminal.

Aria hugged Shirone's arm and clung to her.

"And what are you worried about? You're going to protect me, right? If I can be protected by Shirone, I'm not afraid of hell."

She, who had been snooping around Shirone since the Gold City terror incident, had collected information that she was a candidate for the Ivory Tower, the highest talent in the kingdom.

Shirone, who remembered Brooks' face, quickly pulled out her hand and grumbled.

"If you're going to rush in thinking I'm going to protect you, quit now. You know what's going to happen......"

"Hehe, don't worry."

Aria, who had already planned, slowly looked around the master of the three major guilds and said.

"I propose to Silver Ring, War Chariot, and Blood Rose. From this time on, I will organize Shirone's mercenary group and recruit members. The method is the first public test, the second non-public test. It's a confidential mission, and the reward is 10,000 gold. I will prepay 3,000 gold as a contract fee. Please spread it as quickly as possible through the guild network. I will open the first public test here a week later."

There was no master who opposed, and even they were thinking of applying for the first public test directly.

Rather than moving at the sight of money, the balance of power would be redistributed depending on how many people pass through their guild.

"Okay. I'll pass it on."

When the masters went out, Shirone grabbed Aria's wrist and took her to the corner.

"Aren't you making the job too big? It's a confidential mission."

"That's why I'm making it."

"What do you mean?"

"Did you really think the VIP would only trust you? They will also send applicants through this test. Conversely, I will sift out those with unknown identities through document screening and interviews."

"Hmm."

Aria's responsibility was heavy.
[Translated block]
"Indeed, it's not something the association can move on."

Aria patted Shironne's shoulder.

"Using the guild was a good decision. Unless it's about 10,000 gold, skilled people won't gather. Even so... the placenta will die."

Despite knowing this, Aria's boldness in taking on this task was not ordinary.

"I understand. I'll do my best to protect you, Aria. But... I can't guarantee it."

"That's enough. Don't try to take too much responsibility. It's a decision made by each person's judgment. You don't need to worry about their life and death issues, including me."

It was a statement befitting a king, and finally, it felt like graduating from magic school.

"Yes. I look forward to working with you."

* * *

During the week waiting for the test, Shironne and Lian received a briefing from Aria in the hideout of the Brooks mansion, blocking all channels connected to the outside.

They were educated about the estimated population of the Ain tribe, each race, characteristics, etc., and also memorized the complicated roads of Radum.

"Once you enter Radum, high-difficulty concealment facilities will disrupt the structure. So just refer to the map."

When teaching Shironne, Aria was undoubtedly a pro, but after the work was over, she sent a love call without fail.

From Shironne's point of view, refusing was the hardest part of the day.

"Let me know if you change your mind. I won't eat you, so don't feel burdened."

Seeing her say that and then go to enjoy a secret meeting with Brooks again, it was clear that she was a person with different values in life.

Even Brooks, the flirt of the world, was beginning to get a little obsessed with Aria, and so the look in his eyes when he saw Shironne was not always nice.

"Finally, it's today. Let's go."

On the day of the test, the three people who left Brooks' mansion from dawn headed to the Silver Ring Guild.

The land collapsed by the rapid fire of the photon cannon was restored, and on one side, tables were arranged for the public test.

As the sun rose, all the test takers staying in Bashuka flocked in, and the inside of the guild was crowded with people.

The total number of applicants was 273, and they were wearing badges with numbers attached in the order of application.

"Okay! Then we will start the entrance test of the Shironne Mercenary Group! The first round is a public test, and we will evaluate your basics. Please show your abilities by doing your best."

As they entered the public square in order from number 1, Aria put on her glasses.

Her role was a document review, and Shironne was in charge of things related to magic, and Lian was in charge of physical combat power.

Since it was a public test, they focused more on the basic parts than the individuality. If it was a magician, it was a spirit zone, and if it was a swordsman or a martial artist, they showed a demonstration that they had honed their main skills for about a minute.

Aria whispered to Shironne sitting in the center.

"Considering the supporters sent from the VIP side excluding the three of us, the number of people we can finally pass is about 13 to 15. It's about three times the passers in the second round, so we need to drop more than 200 people in the first round."

Shironne nodded at the rough standard.

'200 people. Isn't that too harsh?'

However, such thoughts disappeared as soon as the public test started.

Although they applied for 10,000 gold, there were many people who were below the standard to the extent that they would die without being able to do anything if they took them to Radum.

"Ta-ha! Ta-ha!"

Even while the muscular man holding two hammers in both hands was swinging his arms over his head and showing off his skills, Lian was calm.

'It won't work. The strength is good, but the skill is too low. If you do that, you'll die.'

Lian, who checked the disqualification box of the 27th document, passed it to Aria.

'Hmm, 27 people have passed, but not one person has come out yet.'

Just when she started to worry a little, numbers 28 and 29 came in at the same time.

Aria, who first looked at the documents, lit her eyes and raised her head.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]