


[576] Monster of Omnipotence (3)

* * *

Even after Shirone was summoned by Shiina, the black and white game was fiercely unfolding.

The match between Amy and Anzhal, who met at the training ground behind the graduation class, ended in a draw as ●●(heresy), and a collision occurred to secure the scramble in a situation where the same hand was revealed.

Jincheon Witchcraft - Sashigado.

A giant snake came up wrapping Amy's body and bit her upper body.

"Kuk!"

Although it's just an illusion, the intensity of the mental shock is a line of death.

What was most tricky was that it was impossible to avoid.

'Red eyes!'

As Amy's eyes burned red and reset her mind, Anzhal's complexion crumpled.

'Self-image memory. This is difficult.'

In school, the only person who could pressure him was probably Olivia, but the red eyes that didn't even pass through the illusion were the worst of the worst in terms of compatibility.

Jincheon Witchcraft - Sword Struggle.

Thousands of blades sprang up from the ground and shook like grass, and Amy felt like she was being chopped alive.

However, once the red eyes are activated, any illusion is reset.

Amy, who came in through the sword struggle, swung her fist, and Anzhal caught her fist between her elbow and knee.

"Kuk!"

It was martial arts of a trained expert, not a schema.

'Eastern martial arts. What the hell is your identity?'

Amy, who distanced herself, regained her composure, and Anzhal reached out.

"Concede the scramble."

"Nonsense!"

"If you want, I'll give up the game."

"What?"

Only then did Amy stop moving.

"There's no point in fighting anymore. I just want to investigate Istas. I don't intend to get involved in school life."

Anzhal's intentions could not be deciphered.

'Come to think of it, he also bet a solo meeting with Shirone on his victory at the conference.'

The price of defeat was not to unseal the horse in the graduation exam.

'It doesn't balance without a clear purpose. Do you really not care about graduation?'

Amy asked bluntly.

"Who the hell are you? Why is someone as skilled as you in school?"

"I collect dolls......"

"Shut up! Who do you think will believe that now?"

Anzhal sighed.

"I can't reveal my purpose. But I want to trade. As I said earlier, I don't mind giving up. You can consult with your team members. But if you win......"

"No."

Amy cut off the conversation.

"Everyone is fighting fiercely, giving up even the graduation evaluation. I don't know what kind of trick it is, but I can't tolerate such a secret consultation. So fight your best."

"Is that so?"

Anzhal, lost in thought, muttered in his native language.

"I can't understand the Western way of thinking."

"What are you mumbling about?"

As Amy rushed in with her red eyes flashing, Anzhal swung his hand.

Jincheon Witchcraft - Image Implementation(Self-portrait).

'Ah!'

Flames sprang from Amy's body and shaped into a giant female figure.

It was a tricky ability to make the target's mind into an image and attack the owner.

'Is this my self-portrait?'

Amy looked up at the woman shaped by the giant flame.

The woman of fire was fierce enough to explode, and her chest was voluptuously full of fire.

"......The image is often distorted by complexes."

Amy's face turned red.

"You're funny! I'm fine with that!"

Then the self-portrait of fire swung its fist and attacked Amy.

'Red eyes!'

Amy, who could cancel the self-portrait at the same time as the implementation, was also already out of place.

"What the hell......"

He didn't even take the scramble and disappeared.

'I don't know what he's thinking.'

* * *

"......I believe in your existence. I believe your love will change the world."

In the deep forest where no one comes, Eden prayed.

The contract condition with the coalition team is to keep the infinite combination until the last day of the 7th day.
[Translated block]


In return, she, who had been granted a free roll, was raising her faith to the extreme for the decisive moment.

"God is omnipotent, transcendent, and unique."

Therefore, her body, where Yor is settled, was invincible.

"Oh God! Please use me according to your will."

Unintelligible prayers were pouring out of her mouth, and a holy light was burning brilliantly from her body.

* * *

Bang!

Shiina slammed the desk and shouted.

"Do you have a mind or not! Fighting at school!"

"It's not a fight, it's a scramble......"

"Shut up! You can't even distinguish between front and back because you've been pampered?"

Shiina is a rational character, but this time she left no room for rebuttal.

"Are you a walking strategic weapon! Don't you know that you are being watched by countries around the world? Did you come back from heaven just to play this kind of game with your friends?"

Shiina was also a member of the task force that participated in the Heaven Project, so Shiroe was upset.

"This is a trap set by Prings. They're trying to kill me, so what should I do?"

"You're going to die anyway."

Shiina said coldly.

"You should be thankful that you had an accident on a global scale. If there was a little bit of humanity in the accident you caused, you would already be dead. Whether it's a kingdom, an organization, or something under the surface, you would have been assassinated by now."

When Shiroe bowed his head in disappointment, Shiina's tone softened a bit.

"You know, right? It's not because there's something to protect you that you're alive. Rather, it's because everyone is an enemy that they can't act right now. It's like standing in the center of a typhoon with a very narrow core. If you deviate a little bit from this state, you'll be swept away in an instant."

The time when she returned to school and was with her friends was like a dream.

So did she think that this time would continue forever?

"I'm sorry. I'll make sure this doesn't happen again."

Only then did Shiina, who had calmed down, turn her chair and cross her arms.

"Finish it quietly."

"Huh?"

When Shiroe asked back, Shiina frowned as if she didn't like it.

"The principal also knows about the Scramble Royale. Although Ms. Olivia has a lot of influence in the teachers' association, it's impossible to block the students' channel. As long as it's acceptable, the school will forgive you, so don't let the word out and quietly clean up."

Shiroe, who blinked her eyes, grasped the intention and answered.

"Yes, I understand."

"I'm telling you clearly, but something like today should never happen again. You know what I mean?"

Shiroe, who bowed her head at the door, quietly left the room.

* * *

When Shiroe returned to the battlefield, Iruki summoned everyone to the hideout.

At the halfway point of the 4th day Scramble Royale, a few peculiarities were found.

"Anchorage has proposed a secret meeting. I felt creepy, so I refused for now, but I thought I should report it."

"As expected, Kaiden is out of the battlefield. I haven't seen him all day."

"He must be receiving healing magic. He'll be back within 7 days."

"One peculiar thing is that Eden has no activity. He didn't even collect the scramble."

"He got beaten up by Shiroe yesterday. Did he give up?"

Iruki shook his head.

"Optimism is not good. The enemies are not fools either. I think they're aiming for something."

Sabina said.

"Two members of the coalition team stopped their activities, but Pisho started collecting scrambles in earnest. Because he released insects and quickly occupied them, the difference in card collection speed is not large compared to the number of people."

"Now that we've confirmed that the scramble can be transferred to another factor, we'll actively use it. Then we have Dorothy for us. From now on, when the second half starts, we need to consider the total amount of cards we can collect. Keep accumulating scrambles using Hickory. Can you do it?"
[Translated block]
"......Yes."

Dorothy answered in a small voice.

Iruki glanced back at her lack of enthusiasm, as it was yesterday, but for now, he turned his attention off and asked Shirone.

"By the way, what happened? You said you were called by Teacher Shiina?"

Shirone shook his head bitterly.

"It seems like I won't be able to enter the place where the class is in the future."

Nade gritted his teeth.

"Damn, that's too much. Those kids, they must be aiming for it."

"No, it's my fault. I can't harm the juniors."

If the party says so, the friends had no choice but to accept it.

"It seems that there will be restrictions on future actions. Now that they know that Scramble movement is possible, the coalition team will aggressively attack. Then do we need to redesign the route?"

"It's okay."

Shirone said with a smile.

"Because we just have to finish before entering the training ground."

* * *

That night. Etela came to see Shiina late.

"How is Shirone? You were surprised during the day, right?"

"I sent her to bed because she had a fever."

Shiina touched her hot forehead.

"Ha, I'm the worst teacher. Encouraging fights."

"It can't be helped. It's not just a school problem."

Although he returned from heaven, it was still a truce.

That's why the leaders of each country were watching Shirone's actions.

"It's frustrating. I don't know what's going on, so I can't find a solution."

"You just have to do what you can, Teacher Shiina. Because the experts are already moving."

-Do what you want. To be a great teacher.

Armin's voice echoed in his ears.

'Even though he said that......'

After that, he completely lost contact.

No, to be honest, the person who made her heart burn was not Armin, but Kuan.

'How can this be? I sent so many letters.'

There was no reply at all, and a letter came from Kaizen Swordsmanship School.

The language was polite, but the content was that Kuan quit school, so stop stalking.

'Kuan said I could send a letter! You're making me a weird woman!'

Shiina, who was frowning with stress, soon calmed her eyes.

'Where did he go, that person?'

I didn't know, but one thing was certain.

The place where he stands is right in the middle of the most fierce battlefield in the world.

"Ah."

Shiina, who realized that she was thinking about something else in front of someone, changed her expression and said.

"I'm sorry. But why did you come? Is it because of Shirone?"

"That's also true, but there's one thing I want to tell you."

"What?"

Etela's expression became serious.

"I heard from Chief Teacher Colly, but Fermi didn't attend the evaluation today."

"Fermi? That's really surprising."

It was the first time in Shiina's memory that he, the leader of the Golden Wheel and a powerful colleague, moved himself.

"Is it related to Scramble Royal?"

"It's not unrelated, but it's a bigger problem, the problem of Istas. On the 5th day, which is the most heated time, Fermi disappeared. Maybe this is not a problem of the Golden Wheel, but a personal problem of Fermi."

"Is it a secret enough to turn the eyes of the members to Scramble Royal?"

"Yes. I feel that way."

"Hmm."

Shiina, who was sitting on the desk and lost in thought, turned her head again.

"What's in Istas to do this? Wasn't it over when the space-time of the maze disappeared?"

When Etela hesitated to answer, Shiina urged her.

"Please tell me. I don't intend to interfere now that I've left the task force, but I need to know something to protect Shirone, right?"
[Translated block]


"It seemed that Ethella had made up her mind and opened her mouth.

“Okay. Just don't think about getting too involved.”

Shina asked the most curious thing first.

“Is the rumor of the upper class true?”

Everything that cannot exist in this world exists.

“To conclude, it's not entirely wrong.”

Shina's expression became blank.

“Really... is there such a thing? What the hell is it?”

Ethella recalled what she had heard after returning from heaven.

“According to the story I heard from Miro…”

A long story that had to pass through the night began."
[Translated block]