


```text
[225] 2. Waiting for School Opening (3)

@

Capital Bashuka.

The Jerome family was one of the most prestigious families in the kingdom, producing excellent teachers for generations.

When asked who was higher than the king, the joke was not far from the truth that he was the king's teacher.

They had enough disciples to run a country on their own.

Alpheus, who arrived at the Jerome family's main house, walked along the corridor built in an ancient style, guided by a butler.

He had known her for 30 years, but it was his first time visiting her room.

When the butler opened the door, a splendid sight greeted him.

The floor was so clean that his face was reflected, and all kinds of antiques were placed on shelves divided into three floors along the wall.

There was a tiger rug that could fit 10 people lying down in the north, and it must have been genuine because of her personality that hated fakes. But he wondered if such a big tiger existed in the world.

The woman was sitting on a sofa on top of the tiger rug. She was in her 50s, but she looked young enough to be believed to be in her 30s.

She was still beautiful, but she was really great when she was young. She was so fresh and neat that men couldn't even talk to her easily.

"If you're here, close the door and sit down. What are you staring at? You're still stupid."

Alpheus couldn't help laughing.

She had a personality that looked down on all men in the world. Her voice was still as sweet as a cuckoo, making him feel like he had gone back in time.

"No, I'm curious. I wondered where you lived, but it looks like you moved your temper here."

"You're rude to barge into someone else's house and talk nonsense. How would you know the value of my stuff?"

The rug must have been of the highest quality. So Alpheus stepped on the rug with his shoes on.

It was a show of pride as the one who had once made her cling to his waist.

She didn't scold Alpheus. But contrary to expectations, she looked incredulous.

"What are you doing now? Oh, never mind. Just tell me your business briefly."

Alpheus grinned mischievously. She looked the same as she did 30 years ago or now.

Jerome Olivia.

A second-class official grand mage and currently an auditor of the Teachers' Association. And four years ago, she was also the principal of the Royal Magic School.

"Do I have any business? I came to see you because there was no answer."

"What do you want me to do? You got suspended from teaching because of your trouble, why are you asking me to fix it? Country magic school principal? And that's a temporary job for six months?"

"It's not like you have to nail it down. You can stay if you want."

"So why? Why do I have to leave this nice house and go down to the countryside?"

"It would be nice to have a leisurely tea with someone who is getting old together."

Olivia showed cold anger. Then she looked even more like when she was young.

"Are you mistaken about something? I loved you 30 years ago. And do you remember what you did to me? Besides, you're not cool anymore."

"Haha! That's right. But you're still pretty."

Olivia gritted her teeth. This is why she hated men. They act like they own everything once they give their heart. He's a bum who has nothing to show off after being stripped of his principal position, but he's smiling shamelessly.

"What are you so confident about? I'm a second-class official grand mage who has been the principal of the Royal Magic School. You're a fourth-class mage and a country school principal. I make more money than you and get more respect. Why are you acting so brazenly when you're asking me for a favor?"

"Hmm, I wonder? Maybe because you like me?"

"Cr...azy...bastard."

Olivia's face turned red. He's getting old and saying creepy things. He used to not even say such things in his mouth, but now he's spitting them out smoothly.
```

Do you want me to continue translating more text for you? Or do you have another request for me?
[Translated block]
**

"Tell me honestly. I did that because I was afraid you would be sad to see me in a miserable state after a long time."

"Oh, not at all? I imagined countless times that you would come to me and kneel down."

Alpheus smiled bitterly. Well, looking back, her wound must have been bigger than his.

"Fine. If you say so, I'll ask you bluntly. Do you want me to kneel here?"

Olivia snorted in response. What's the point of kneeling now? 

"What are you doing these days? You lost your job too. Did you finally catch a late wind?"

"Just, you know, reading books and taking walks. And talking to Erina about this and that."

Olivia's eyes were shocked for the first time.

Alpheus' first and last love. Erina was still living in his heart.

'He still can't forget her. What a fool.'

Alpheus, who had lost his wife and wandered for 10 years, returned with a dream of becoming a teacher and became a student of Olivia, who was young. He was a genius who established the theory of quantum entanglement, so he taught Olivia with affection.

Affection. That was the problem. He shouldn't have accepted him as a student, who was older, more talented, and more handsome than him.

Olivia, who couldn't control her growing love, confessed her love to Alpheus.

But Alpheus, who couldn't forget his wife, refused her outright, and her life changed 180 degrees from that day on. She spent many nights crying with her bruised pride.

What really made her angry was the feeling of being robbed of the man she loved by a woman who didn't exist in the world.

The burning love of her twenties didn't see anything. And eventually she ended up defacing Erina's picture in front of Alpheus.

Olivia felt Alpheus' anger for the first time. She begged him by grabbing his ankles, but Alpheus didn't even treat her as a human being from that day on.

It would have been better if it had stopped there. But Olivia was too desperate and too hot at the time. She didn't have the courage to give up her first love.

But she shouldn't have done that. It was a mistake of her life to go to Alpheus' room that night.

"Don't misunderstand, Alpheus. It's not because of you that I didn't get married. It's just that I find men annoying."

"That's why you're collecting weird things? Olivia, there's no human who doesn't want love."

"It's a lowly emotion. It was because of my pride that I courted you back then. You were obsessed with a dead woman and didn't even pay attention to me."

"Suddenly... I remember that night."

Olivia's face turned pale.

"You came to my room and took off your clothes..."

"Stop!"

Olivia reached out and shouted. It was 30 years ago, but it was as vivid as yesterday. The first and last time she showed her naked body to a man
[Translated block]


```text
"I did my best to give the students a good environment to learn. Isn't that enough? The school's rank doesn't matter."

"Haha! You're still stubborn."

Olivia untwisted her legs and leaned forward.

"Fine. Six months. I'll take care of it. I'll make it much more prestigious than it is now."

"Oh? That sounds ominous. I'd be grateful if you did that."

"But there's a condition."

Alpheus raised one eyebrow and smiled. He didn't expect her to do him a favor without a price.

"I have some students that I taught when I was the principal of the Royal Magic School. Transfer them to your school. Here are their profiles."

Alpheus postponed his answer and took the profiles.

They were two boys and a girl of the same age as him, 17, and they had outstanding grades even in the kingdom's top school, the Royal Magic School.

He flipped through the three profiles one by one, and his eyes widened at the last one.

"Dante? Is this the Dante I know?"

Olivia covered her mouth and laughed.

"Hoho! He's too good for your school. But now I'm the principal, so what."

Alpheus blinked like a fool. He didn't expect Olivia to go this far.

Olivia pointed at Alpheus and declared.

"Transfer Airhain Dante and two others. That's my condition."

@

Five magicians sprinted through the mountains in the wilderness.

They were a young party composed of people in their early to mid-twenties, all of whom had acquired official qualifications in their respective fields.

The place they were raiding was a bandit hideout in the mountains near the capital, a force that could not be overlooked with a bounty rank of B.

Destroying the bandit group would earn them fame and rewards, but their reason for climbing the mountain today was different.

"Why are you so quiet? Are you already dead? Even if you're rude, you're still kids."

"Hmph! Do I care? We didn't kill them. You were there too. How much they ignored us. Is it because they're from the Royal Magic School?"

"Right. They're so arrogant even without any sense. They need to be taught a lesson."

But when they arrived at the hideout, it was only quiet as if a mouse had died.

They opened the door with a curious feeling and a surprising sight unfolded. All 40 B-rank bandits were lying on the floor.

The students sitting at the round table greeted them.

"Oh? You're late? We've been waiting for a long time."

The mercenaries lost their words. They had only started 10 minutes late from the starting line. It was impossible for students to annihilate a B-rank bandit group in that time.

"Who, who are you?"

"Why are you so serious about such a trivial thing? You're embarrassing yourselves as adults. Hehe!"

A boy with a physique that was not like a magician, tall and muscular, laughed.

He was Bonipar Closer, a student of the Royal Magic School.

He had bronze skin, a sharp face, and black hair that was swept back and stood up like a hedgehog.

"Hehehe! You were so confident a few days ago. Are you scared and came late on purpose?"

A girl who resembled a cat, Victor Sabina, smirked at the mercenaries. She was small compared to her peers, but she had well-developed breasts and a slender waistline.

The mercenaries clenched their teeth. It was humiliating for active magicians to lose to students. More importantly, if this fact became known, they could be expelled from the mercenary industry.

"It's time to admit it, don't you think? We won, right?"

The cause of this whole incident, Airhain Dante, spoke. He was a handsome man with gray hair that reminded him of clouds and an appearance that was fierce but intelligent.

The mercenaries bowed their heads. The most important thing for active magicians was reputation and achievements. Who would pay and hire magicians who lost to students?
```
[Translated block]