


[404] Final Decision (4)

The Shiro team, who gathered in the park after a long time, discussed their schedule during the vacation.

It was better to set up a strategy from now on to prepare for the second half of the graduation class, which would be more fierce than the first half.

"Last year, I trained alone, but when I looked at it, there were kids who made teams and did it. So I wonder if we should make a group and do a training camp."

It was a part that Amy, who had experienced the graduation class, could not easily think of, so her friends were also positively reviewing it.

Luki raised his finger as if he had something to worry about.

"Of course, students with teams are advantageous if they are assigned high ground occupation or interpersonal combat items. But do you know? There are only 10 successful candidates anyway. Even if we make a team, we have to compete with each other to get into the final 10. In other words, how much information do we have to share?"

It was understandable that he wanted to save it until the graduation test if he had prepared a trump card.

It would be close to a miracle if all five of them passed in a two-person team, let alone a five-person team, so it was a problem that had to be clearly addressed and moved on.

Amy wasn't talking without knowing either.

"I thought so until last year. But you don't have to use up all your vacation time. First of all, let's focus on basic training together, and then research your own finishing moves."

Amy paradoxically argued that building teamwork might increase the pass rate more than researching finishing moves.

The reason was that the person who controlled the current graduation class was Fermi, and all of Shiro's party were marked by him.

There was no way of knowing what would happen on the day of the graduation test, so sticking together was the only way to reduce variables.

"I think Amy is right."

Nade was unconditionally in favor.

In fact, he didn't care about the graduation test or anything, but it was tens of thousands of times more fun to train with his friends than to endure for months in his terrible hometown.

"How about this? Let's do a short-term training camp for about a month and adopt the graduation class system. We set goals every day and score each other."

Luki nodded as if he agreed.

"It means keeping the routine of the graduation class. It's a good way. You can increase your achievement in a short time and spend the rest of your time training your own finishing moves."

While various opinions were presented, Shiro kept his mouth shut. He just took in his friends' faces one by one.

Nothing had been decided yet, but it felt strange.

If he had to think of something at the last moment of his life, wouldn't it be the faces of his friends gathered here?

"Huh? Maya, are you sick?"

Shiro looked back at Maya for the last time and asked in surprise.

Maya's complexion was not good. His face was pale as if he was terrified, and his chest was rising and falling roughly as if he had difficulty breathing.

Nade, who belatedly discovered Maya's condition, asked worriedly.

"Are you okay, Maya? Should I take you to the infirmary?"

Maya shook his head quickly.

Then he looked at Shiro as if he had come back from amnesia and said.

"Shiro."

"Yeah?"

"I love you."

Silence fell on the park bench.

Nade opened his mouth wide, and Luki blinked his eyes quickly. Only Amy waited for Shiro's reaction with a calm expression.

Shiro stared at Maya intently and swallowed saliva.

This time it wasn't a joke. Her feelings that had fallen like water droplets every day had formed a lake in her chest before she knew it.

"Uh, well... should we step aside?"

Maya shook her head again and said.

"I don't think I can muster up courage twice, so I wanted to say it where everyone is. I'm sorry, Shiro. But I fell in love with you. Please accept my heart."

Maya took out a letter from her pocket. It smelled like flowers.

"Will you read it?"

She handed him the letter and got up from the bench, turning away from everyone's eyes.
[Translated block]


```text
"I'll hear the answer then."

As Maya left after leaving an unknown word, Nate looked at Amy's face. She still had a poker face without any distortion even in this situation.

Amy walked behind the bench and stuck her face over Shirow's shoulder.

"Lucky you. You get confessed by a girl. What does it say?"

It's rude to turn around a letter with Maya's sincerity.

But considering the subtle relationship between Shirow and Amy, it was not a problem that could be asserted that it must be done.

As Shirow hesitated, Amy smiled and lightly hit his shoulder.

"I'm kidding. Why are you so serious? You knew Maya liked you."

"No, it's too sudden..."

"Go to your room and read it alone. Read it twice, three times. Then do what you want. Maya is a good kid. I'll go first. See you tomorrow. Bye."

Amy spat out the words without a breath and left the seat.

She only had a calm face, but her voice was angry and her behavior was awkward.

"Hey, hey, what are you going to do? Do you have someone you've decided on?"

Shirow looked at the distance with a letter in his hand.

Amy and Maya. They are good people who can't even think of hurting someone.

'I have to make a decision now.'

Maybe Maya's confession was a good thing.

Before discussing such grandiose issues as heaven or humanity, wasn't it something that had to be sorted out first?

"Nate, Iruki. I have a favor to ask."

* * *

The next afternoon.

Shirow entered the principal's office.

Alpheus silently pointed to the closet and opened the secret door.

As he went down to the room through the stairs, he waited for the expected person and the unexpected person.

The former was Gaold and Flue, and the latter was Etella and Shiina.

"Teacher?"

"You're here, Shirow."

Shiina's face didn't look good.

He had heard everything about the existence and danger of heaven, the mastermind behind this incident, and the people involved, so he couldn't help but feel emotional.

Shirow realized why Gaold came to Alpheus.

There aren't many people who can ask for help now that their limbs have been cut off. Teachers at Alpheus Magic School could have been enough power.

"You must have been suffering from heartache alone. Now that the teachers will protect you, don't worry too much."

Etella, the bishop of the Carcass Capital Society, would not hesitate to act in front of humanity's extinction, but Shiina's decision this time was for Shirow.

In a world-wide event, Shirow's life, emotions, dignity, etc. had no chance to show up. With a teacher's heart to protect his disciple's well-being, Shiina willingly chose to go to heaven.

"Teacher..."

Did he unknowingly feel sad?

The days when he had nightmares about being destroyed by a sudden incident and being caught by the National Intelligence Service and possibly being executed passed by like a revolving lantern.

"Are you here? I called you to share all the information according to the contract conditions. Today we open Istas and meet Miro. It is impossible to talk in Sammaegyeong, but it is something we must check before going to heaven."

Gaold's voice was raised.

It's been 20 years since he met Miro. He also knew that it could be the last day he saw her.

"But can we go like this? There may still be agents left."

The National Intelligence Service barricaded around Istas and searched for warehouses to find the 'upper part' where Miro's space-time was known.

Although they turned their feet away after hitting a bluff, they could not rule out the possibility of still lurking.

"Hehe, it's okay. Now that we've come this far, it doesn't matter, right?"

Gaold confidently left the room.

As the most powerful magician known in Torumia acted as if there was no problem, other people followed him without saying anything.
```
[Translated block]


As they crossed the barricade of Estas, 98 warehouses were scattered like dismantled blocks. They were inoperable in a separated form of the highest level state.

"Nothing has changed here."

Gaold opened the cover of Estas's instrument panel.

Not knowing which one to touch, his hand wandered. Then, 10 agents of the National Intelligence Service jumped out from behind the building.

"Mikia Gaold, you are arrested for treason under the Kingdom Security Law."

Shirone hastily took a combat stance.

As he feared, following Gaold was foolish. He was a first-class grand mage, but he was basically crazy.

How could he have left such an easy judgment to Gaold? As if he was bewitched by something.

Gaold didn't even look at the agents and looked at the instrument panel.

"Hmm, how do you operate this? Hey, was it the red button?"

A cold voice came from behind the agents.

"It's the blue button, you idiot."

The agents parted left and right, and a man walked out.

As soon as he saw him, Shirone felt a chill run through his body.

He had white hair, no eyebrows, and thin lips that were indistinguishable from his skin.

The most grotesque thing was his pumpkin-colored eyes. His irises were spinning like clock gears.

"Ah, yes, it was blue, right? I get forgetful as I get older."

The man ignored Gaold's words and walked up to Alpheus. And as far as Shirone could see, he bent his waist at a perfect constant speed.

"How have you been, Principal."

"Yes. Long time no see, Sein."

"Sein?"

Shirone only then turned his eyes away from the agents.

One of the original members of the Supernatural Psychics Research Society that Gaold had mentioned before. He was also the creator of Estas's master equation.

Etela gently tapped Shirone's shoulder and pointed to the agents.

"Shirone, look at them with empathy."

As he followed Etela's instructions, he felt Sein's spirit zone split into tentacles and connected with all the agents.

"Mind control?"

"Yes. And it's top-level mind control."

If they came from the National Intelligence Agency, their power would be above average. And they must have been trained to resist mental attacks due to their professional characteristics.

A person who succeeded in mind control with a 100 percent probability on such people.

To do that, he needed concentration equivalent to 20 times the opponent's mental power, according to Arin.

Estas roared and started up.

Gaold took his hand off the blue button and still looked at the instrument panel and introduced Sein to Shirone. This was also part of the contract.

"Sein is a servant and a mental mage. He is currently active under the alias of Snake in Black Line. He is also a Red Line designated triple A-class criminal. You should get an autograph."

"Black Line?"

Shirone glanced at Sein with an uneasy expression.

Black Line is a group of people who deny the taboo of magic and use magic only for personal beliefs.

It's different from simply killing and torturing people.

Even Arcane, the villain of the world, was located at the edge of the Red Line spectrum.

Only someone like Arius of Mado7Girl who intruded into human minds without permission and looted intellectual property could be classified as a dangerous factor that could collapse the social system.

"You usually name two people when you pick the strongest in mental magic in Black Line. One is Kitaraman of Mado7Girl, and the other is Snake. He will take care of Order in our team. Of course I'm the commander though."

Sein snorted.

"You're still talking nonsense. Did you become a real fool by playing house at the association? The only reason you can pretend to be a commander is because my order is accurate."
[Translated block]


'You have a similar personality to Iruki....'

Shirone saw Iruki's arrogance in Sein.

He wondered if having a calculation ability that transcended humans made him reach the peak of confidence in himself like that.
[Translated block]