


[594] Cube of Time (1)

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: 1 hour 57 minutes.

Space: Istas Warehouse No. 9.

'No one has come yet.'

Anchal, who looked inside, sat on the control device of Istas and anxiously tapped his feet.

If time circulates infinitely, the person who activated the mechanism also comes back here.

"Darn it!"

Anchal, who had thought so far, realized one overlooked fact.

If the current event in this room is already in the time zone moved by Istas, no one would find this place.

'Because the event is already twisted next.'

Anchal, who thought he needed to check, moved his stride to the entrance, and Shirona roughly opened the door and came in.

"Shirona?"

"Anchal!"

Shirona ran to her as soon as she saw her.

"Have you been waiting here all this time?"

"No, I just arrived. What happened?"

Shirona bit her lip and walked to the control device.

"I failed. The event keeps changing and I can't stop it."

"What are you talking about?"

Anchal, who parted with Shirona and came straight here, didn't understand anything.

"Damn it! How can it be done? How should I......"

The figure operating the mechanism without hesitation was not a skill that was tried once or twice.

When Istas vibrated, Anchal hurriedly stopped it.

"What are you doing? I told you it's dangerous to twist the event."

"We're all going to die anyway!"

Shirona shouted.

"I have to go back. I......"

"Tell me what happened. I haven't encountered any events yet."

Shirona turned her head with a grim expression.

"It's my mistake. It wasn't supposed to let Yolga meet Miro from the beginning."

"What?"

It was still incomprehensible to Anchal.

* * *

"Over there."

Shirona arrived at the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Association by referring to the equation of Istas.

When she opened the door and entered, there was a door of Gepin activated by Fermi.

'Didn't Miro come yet?'

"Shirona."

Then Miro's voice was heard from outside the door.

&lt;Event Coordinates&gt;

Time: 1 hour 48 minutes.

Space: Supernatural Spirit Science Research Association.

Yolga stepped forward before Shirona could speak.

"Miro, do you really have to do this? What is there to fight between you and me?"

"I thought the conversation was over? If you block my way again, I'll have to use my hands even if you're my sister."

Yolga's colleagues laughed.

"Do we look like hot pants? If you insist, you're the one who's going to die."

"Get out of the way. I'm talking to Yolga."

At Miro's provocation, Edga's face turned red and the cylinder of his mechanical arm made a loud noise.

"Are you saying let's do it now?"

Edga jumped out.

"I've been uncomfortable from the beginning! I'll kill you right now!"

The moment Miro emitted the incarnation of lust, Shirona intervened.

"Get out of the way, kid!"

Arman's robe fluttered and the tentacles swung at a fast speed.

"What!"

Kakakakakang!

Edga's mechanical arm created an afterimage and shielded his body like a shield.

Although he managed to block it, the situation was pushed back to where the 2-meter giant was standing.

"Kueuuuu!"

The vibration was transmitted directly along the metallic arm.

"Edga, are you okay?"

Mustang asked without taking his eyes off Shirona.

"That guy, he's not ordinary."

Shirona pulled in her tentacles and said.

"Yolga, you promised."

"Yes. I will keep my promise."

Miro snorted.

"Shirona, don't listen to Yolga's words. You'll lose yourself."

Miro's words were understandable in a way, but if she didn't do this, she would be annihilated.

"You know, the result is already twisted. If Miro can persuade Yolga, she said she would take her own life."
[Translated block]


Only then did Miro's expression become serious.

She was the one who knew Yolga's personality better than anyone else, so it was clear that it wasn't a lie.

"Then can I join too?"

When Shiro turned to the voice he knew well, Fermi entered next to Miro.

"You......"

As Shiro tried to speak, Yolga asked.

"Who are you?"

It was an instinctive attraction, and Fermi's pupils also shook for a moment.

"I'm a merchant. It smells heavily of money here."

But he did not reveal his identity.

It wasn't just to indulge in admiration and make a hat trick by opening the upper part of Istas.

What really matters is not the past, but the present, and the future.

He was the person who could most coolly confirm what happened in this space and time.

'Coolly. Calmly.'

"Nice to meet you. I'm Yolga."

"I am well aware of your reputation."

After finishing the handshake, Fermi also nodded to Edgawa Nine and Mustang, who had been following him since he was a child.

"You look like Fermi."

There was bone in Mustang's muttering, but Yolga just smiled.

"No need to talk nonsense."

Miro said firmly, keeping her distance.

"I won't make any deals. If you interfere with the mission, I'll kill you."

"Miro, this is not like you."

As Yolga approached, the avatar of the god of music stretched out dozens of arms to block the approach.

"Sister Yolga, you have to understand me. I regret following you here, but I can't stop."

"Your actions will eventually lead everyone to ruin. The Adrias family, the Ardino family."

Yolga had already foreseen the future.

"There's a reason for that. I'm going to follow Geopin and protect the barrier. That's enough for now."

"No reason can precede the result. I'll take responsibility. I don't know what the problem is, but I'll solve it."

"If it was a problem that could be solved, it wouldn't be like this."

"That's why I'm telling you to talk!"

Yolga shouted.

"What is that child? Why is Geopin trying to leave? Why don't you tell me?"

"I'm sorry."

Miro couldn't tell Yolga.

"Just die."

As the avatar of the god of music swelled up, Yolga was hit hard.

With a bang, the floor shook, and Yolga's colleagues scattered around each took out their weapons.

"Attack Miro!"

"No, it's okay."

At Yolga's voice, Miro's eyebrows twitched.

Banja-Saint Maria.

Yolga took the bombardment that ignored the space-time of the god of music without moving a step.

'This is my mother's......'

Fermi looked up at Yolga's exposed avatar.

A beautiful woman with only a face and torso was looking up at the ceiling.

Looking at her with her eyes closed, tears of blood flowing, and a gag of chains tied to her mouth, it was easy to guess how far she could accept the world.

'I'm annoyed.'

Miro also liked Yolga.

But when she met as an enemy, it was no exaggeration to say that the avatar of Saint Maria, who absorbs any shock, was the most awkward in the world.

"Miro."

Yolga said sincerely.

"Please. Just trust my judgment this time."

As Yolga put her hand on her knee and bowed deeply, Miro's expression crumpled even more.

"Like this......"

The avatar of the god of music grew even larger.

'Sister, you can't!'

Cheonsugwan-eum-Strike.

Yolga's body shook under the violent attack from all sides, and more tears of blood flowed from the eyes of Saint Maria.

"Let's see, let's see!"

Nine swung his sword and charged at Miro.

"Huh! Such a thing......"

Just as Miro was about to counterattack, Shiro flew in and hit Nine.

As four tentacles hit the sword in succession, Nine's body was slammed into the wall.
[Translated block]


"Kruk!"

"I can't tolerate breaking promises."

As if touching a baton, Edga rushed into Shiro.

"Idiot! Miro attacked first!"

The schema of the fist-fighting master rushing with a metal fist was excellent, and Edga's figure disappeared in front of Shiro in an instant.

'I can find Arman!'

At the moment when Arman conveyed the image contained in the retinal afterimage and turned his body, an afterimage of dozens of fists flying at the same time was seen.

Kakakakakang!

When I hit the robe and the metallic sound burst, Edga's eyes popped out.

"What the hell is this!"

Shirone, who protected her body with the armor of the ringer, stepped back and compressed the photon cannon.

Without a chance to be surprised by the light sphere that burst like an explosion, the flash poured out in succession.

"Woooh!"

Edga swung both arms to bounce off the photon cannon, but realized the moment he touched the shock.

'This stupid...!'

There is physical force in the light.

And it's powerful enough to smash his own arms.

Kwarururung!

Edga's body, pushed back to the wall, disappeared into the smoke created by the bombardment of the flash.

"Kueuuuu!"

Edga, who revealed himself again, was completely crouched and hiding his whole body behind his forearm.

Just looking at the trembling figure, you could guess how much power he had.

'Edga was pushed back by force?'

That was Mustang's impression, but Yolga's reaction was a little different.

"...Gepin?"

Miro was surprised and made eye contact with Yolga.

The excellent insight quickly unraveled the thread by alternately looking at Shirone, who recalls the child and Gepin contained in the afterimage, and anger was contained in Yolga's eyes for the first time.

"Miro, you...!"

"It was an unavoidable choice."

"Miro!"

At the same time as Yolga shouted, the eyes of Saint Maria opened and the chain gag in her mouth was cut off.

Then, two arms popped out from the shoulder without a torso, and they began to charge towards the incarnation of Kannon.

Half-night-break Maria.

As Maria and the incarnation of Kannon collided, Istas shook.

"Throw it away! That child is a time bomb!"

"You should give up, sister!"

Yolga is such a good person that she can't get angry without abandoning herself.

"Everyone step back!"

The moment Nine's words were spit out, the surface of Pa Maria began to boil like lava.

"It's going to explode! I'm going to blow everything up!"

Yolga, who had no time to be surprised, had a light sphere burst like an explosion.

"Woooh!"

Edga swung both arms to bounce off the photon cannon, but realized the moment he touched the shock.

'This stupid...!'

There is physical force in the light.

And it's powerful enough to smash his own arms.

Kwarururung!

Edga's body, pushed back to the wall, disappeared into the smoke created by the bombardment of the flash.

"Kueuuuu!"

Edga, who revealed himself again, was completely crouched and hiding his whole body behind his forearm.

Just looking at the trembling figure, you could guess how much power he had.

'Edga was pushed back by force?'

That was Mustang's impression, but Yolga's reaction was a little different.

"...Gepin?"

Miro was surprised and made eye contact with Yolga.

The excellent insight quickly unraveled the thread by alternately looking at Shirone, who recalls the child and Gepin contained in the afterimage, and anger was contained in Yolga's eyes for the first time.

"Miro, you...!"

"It was an unavoidable choice."

"Miro!"

At the same time as Yolga shouted, the eyes of Saint Maria opened and the chain gag in her mouth was cut off.

Then, two arms popped out from the shoulder without a torso, and they began to charge towards the incarnation of Kannon.

Half-night-break Maria.

As Maria and the incarnation of Kannon collided, Istas shook.

"Throw it away! That child is a time bomb!"

"You should give up, sister!"

Yolga is such a good person that she can't get angry without abandoning herself.

"Everyone step back!"

The moment Nine's words were spit out, the surface of Pa Maria began to boil like lava.

"It's going to explode! I'm going to blow everything up!"

Yolga, who had no time to be surprised, had a light sphere burst like an explosion.

"Sister, you can't do that."

Everyone was staring at the time when they forgot the time, and then Hexa wrinkled her face and burst into tears.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]