


[193] 6. The Drink of Life (2)

"No. Even if their lifespan is over, the citizens of heaven do not die. They are regenerated into new life through the drink of life."

"Then it doesn't make sense mathematically. If everyone can live forever, why is the population the same?"

"The lifespan of the citizens is under the control of Ra. The total population's lifespan is calculated by strict laws, so they can maintain a fixed number."

Eternal life and population limitation were incompatible words.

In the end, the key was in the drink of life.

But like Gardrak, Kanya also avoided explaining it. Whether they were citizens or heretics, they had their own convictions, but it seemed that they couldn't do that with the drink of life.

Contradiction.

The drink of life that Sirona imagined was a huge contradiction.

They passed through the forest of the filthy ones in the valley of the swirling snake and arrived in heaven.

The party raised their heads to the sky.

They were nothing but dust compared to the size of the wall. It was a scale that humans could not create.

Kanya introduced this place as Area 73 and added that there are 820 areas in Heaven 1.

Sirona gave up imagining and touched the wall. She thought it was stone, but it was metal.

Heaven's technology surpassed Sirona's common sense.

"Will it be okay, can we go in?"

"It'll be okay. Because you're Nephilim. But I can't guarantee anything."

"Then how about climbing over the wall?"

She thought it was impossible to climb over the wall that reached the sky, but there was no other way.

But Kanya shook her head even at that.

"No one can fly in heaven's airspace except for drones with flight approval. You'll be intercepted. There hasn't been such a case so far, but I heard it from my grandfather a long time ago. And anyway, it's impossible to sneak in."

"Why? It doesn't look like there's anyone guarding the door."

"They don't restrict access. It's a matter of law. The information that occurs in heaven is managed by Heaven 6, where angels live. They can measure everything from the mass change of each area to the gas composition mixed in the air, so it's useless to sneak in. Don't worry too much. There won't be any danger. This is not hell."

Kanya, a citizen, seemed to have no need to plant bad feelings about heaven in advance, and reassured Sirona.

When she pushed her gauntlet toward the gate, a red beam popped out of the lens and scanned the surface.

The sound of the world shaking was heard as the gate opened. It was useless to cover your ears.

As Area 73's entrance opened, Sirona's party followed Kanya into heaven.

As the gate closed, the lens sparkled.

The newly changed information of Area 73 was transmitted to Heaven 6.

Total mass 49 billion 39 million 8 thousand 847.3423 kilograms.

Carbon dioxide emission increased by 0.0000024 percent.

@

Shamain's first impression was alien.

The residences of different races were divided by street corners, but their cultural styles were extremely different.

Norin's buildings were practical, while Kergo's buildings were luxurious. And when they found Mecca's building, Sirona and Amy stopped walking and lost their words.

It was Estas, a magic warehouse.

Rectangular boxes were stacked up, but they moved freely across buildings next to them.

She didn't think Mecca had come to visit a magic school. It was evidence that Mecca's technology had somehow flowed into the original world.

Kanya passed through Mecca's street and headed to the square.

The scenery of the square where various races were mixed looked like an international market in a neutral country.

"Sirona, look over there."

Amy pointed to a statue of a giant.

It felt different from when she saw it at Kergo's altar. There are actually giants living here. And they even fought.

Why did the giants who received worship from citizens wander around hell?

Kanya's house was the same size as other Meccans' houses.

If Kergo pursued luxury and Nor practicality, Mecca seemed to pursue standards.
[Translated block]


```text
As soon as I entered Kanya's house, the building rose to four floors.

Despite its inhuman shape, the interior was cozy.

The parents who were sitting at the table jumped up.

I heard that Ilhwa's alcohol is for those whose lives are over, but their faces were much younger than Siro's expectations.

Kanya's mom hugged her two daughters and shouted.

"Where on earth have you been? Do you know how worried Mom was?"

"I'm sorry. There was a situation."

"Who are these kids? They look like Norrins."

"I went to Norr's shelter. To get this."

As Kanya handed out the potion, her mother's pupils shook with shock.

She never told anyone. But how did her daughter know about this?

"You... this is..."

"It's an awakening agent, made with Norr's magic. Drink this before Ilhwa's alcohol."

"Lena! Why did you do this? Mom didn't want this!"

"Then you're saying to just watch? Mom also went to hell to give medicine to Grandpa!"

"Who told you that...!"

"Grandpa told me! That's why Grandpa was able to smile until the end and go into Ilhwa's alcohol! That's enough! That's what family is!"

"Why are you doing this! Then you must know that Mom's life was shortened by getting the medicine! How do you think Mom would feel if her daughter did the same thing!"

The dad who had been listening with a grim expression intervened.

"Stop it, both of you. It's water under the bridge. It's fine that you came back safely."

He stopped his wife and looked at Siro and his party.

"So are you guys heretics, from Norr's shelter?"

Kanya introduced Siro and his party.

"No. They came from the land of the earth. They saved my and Lena's lives and helped me get this medicine. If it weren't for them, I might have died."

There is no parent in the world who would treat them harshly for saving their daughter.

Dad invited Siro and his party into the house.

While Mom prepared a meal, Kanya told them what had happened in hell.

When it came to Siro being a Nephilim, both of them knelt down and the living room became noisy.

At the end of the party's earnest request, the parents agreed to treat them comfortably.

"I see. Thank you for helping Kanya and Lena. But it would be better to leave here soon. Even if you are Nephilim, they won't welcome those who came from the land of the earth."

"No. We're thinking of going to Seventh Heaven."

The holy city of Aravot was so sacred that it was blasphemy to even say that he would go there. But Siro was free from the law, so he could freely spit out the words that came to his mind.

"But... there is no way to go to Seventh Heaven."

"We'll have to think about that from now on. What I'm curious about is the law here. What do you mean by your life being shortened?"

"It means exactly that. The faithful are given a life span according to the law from birth. Kanya's life span is 62 years old. Lena can live up to 73 years old."

"Huh? Lena is younger but has a longer life span?"

"Life span can change at any time. Lena got 10 years more of life when she sang hymns beautifully as a child. It's a good thing, but the problem is my wife. My wife's life span is 43 years and 247 days. There is only one day left now."

Siro felt his heart sink.

Who in the world knows their life span until one day ahead? If it were him, it would be terrible just to imagine.

Yet Kanya's mom was smiling. Because she was sure that Ra's grace would come down.

"My wife was reduced by 20 years of life for going to hell when she was young. So tomorrow she will go into Ilhwa's alcohol."

Changing a person's life span is a cruel thing. No, he couldn't even think it was possible.

If Ra rules over life span, how old is he?

The history of heaven was hundreds of thousands of years old. Maybe Ra really is a god.
```

Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]
Shirone couldn't stand it anymore. She stood up and shouted at Peopheny.

"Wait! That's too harsh! They didn't do anything wrong! They just wanted to live happily!"

Peopheny turned her head and looked at Shirone with curiosity.

"Who are you? You're not a citizen of this house. And you're not a Nephilim
[Translated block]


A year ago, Seil, who was the same age as me, got 5 years reduced. Mr. Kai, a Nordian, got 7 years. Even my mom, who was known as the most unlucky case, got 20 years.

But 40 years reduced? I can accept that for myself, but what about Lena's life?

Is this from a novel or a story? It sounds interesting. 😊
[Translated block]