


Betafish (1)

The Arachne National Intelligence Service submitted a document.

It seemed to be leading a mercenary guild in Timaros, a small commercial city near the current capital, Bengal.

'Justin Mercenary Group...'

Instead of changing the name, they gave up the castle, and the members were just about 10 people.

It was an ordinary life, but she had given up too much for peace.

"Where is Timaros?"

Paronica swallowed her saliva and spoke.

"There is a small city 14 kilometers east of Bengal. I will command entry permission."

"Thank you for your cooperation. Let's put out the urgent fire first and discuss the terror case."

Only after Shirone left the Grand Hall with the documents did Paronica breathe a sigh of relief.

"Whew, he's a terrifying man."

The judge bowed his head with a thoughtful face.

"I'm sorry, Your Majesty. Even though I handed over Miss Arachne, I didn't know he would ignore my face like this..."

"No, it's done with this. Since he mentioned terror, he won't just sit back and watch."

Even so, Shirone's energy was powerful enough to trample on the spirit of the Seven Kings.

'Is this the look of someone who carries the world?'

When they first said that Shirone was coming from the Ivory Tower, they were delighted.

"But still..."

Now the thought has completely changed.

"Isn't it a good defense against the Five Great Castles?"

The judge nodded silently.

* * *

Shirone, who flew vertically from the royal castle, flew straight towards a small city on the horizon.

When he arrived at the entrance arch, the already alerted captain of the guard saluted with a booming voice.

"Welcome. I have been instructed to make sure there are no hitches in your work. Do you need anything?"

"I'll just look around."

He wanted to handle things quietly.

"It's an honor for Timaros. If you need anything, please find the nearest guard."

As he passed through the arch, making a thud, there were many shops along the unpaved road.

'Is it because of the World Beauty Contest?'

There were more foreign guests than domestic ones, so the market had a festive atmosphere.

As he pushed through the crowd and found the guild area, it noticeably quieted down.

After passing the blacksmith, alchemy, medicine, recovery guilds, etc., the place he was looking for finally came out.

Justin Mercenary Guild

It was a building that didn't seem to have much work to do, as it was enough to protect a small city with a guard.

"Excuse me."

The tables were empty and the counter was empty.

A group of people playing a card game at a table in the corner turned their heads.

"What are you?"

The man who threw an embarrassing word at the first meeting was a drunkard, and his tongue was twisted because he was drunk.

'How few people are looking for...'

Shirone, who had been thinking for a moment, asked.

"I'm looking for someone. Can you help?"

The fat woman who was sitting on the right side of the table got up and came over.

"Oh my, it was a guest. Come this way."

When she pushed the counter and came in, she lifted the guestbook and dust flew up.

"Finding people is our specialty. Who are you looking for?"

"Emery Justin."

The color drained from the woman's face, and the card game mercenaries' hands stopped.

The woman asked again.

"I'm sorry, who?"

"Emery Justin. It seems that the captain of the mercenary group here is using the name Justin."

The drunkard said.

"Close the door."

With a thud, the door closed, and a black-haired man who didn't know when he came was standing at the entrance with a knife drawn.

'He's quite skilled.'

Of course, he didn't feel the sensation, but even compared to the Silver Ring Guild he belonged to, the level was high.

"You'd better speak properly, kid."
[Translated block]


Aeku aimed a gun equipped with a magic bullet.

"Who did you hear about the castle called Aemeri?"

Through his question, it was clear that Justin had spilled his past to his subordinates.

'In other words, a mercenary group tied with considerable trust. I need to be careful with my words.'

Shirone raised both hands.

"I didn't come to fight. I have something I want to ask Justin. You can call it a request."

"I warned you."

Aeku's gun made a clicking sound, and two other men drew their sharp swords.

"Speak properly."

At the same time, the magic bullet was fired with a flame, and the black-haired man who was guarding the entrance rushed with a short sword.

"This is......!"

As he dodged the magic bullet with teleportation, the wall exploded with a loud noise.

"Be careful! He's a wizard!"

"Wizard?"

The men with swords ran towards the wall and jumped from both sides of Shirone.

"He's just a kid anyway!"

The sword was drawn in an X shape with a vicious sound, but Shirone was no longer there.

"There's no need to fight......!"

Shirone's voice was buried in the sound of the magic bullet, and the walls around him exploded.

'You guys are the ones who are going to get hurt!'

It seemed like they didn't care.

'Or maybe they judged it to be that dangerous......'

He hadn't even seen his face yet, but he could guess what kind of life Justin had lived.

"Kill him! I'll take care of the aftermath!"

The woman shouted, and the black-haired man pressed Shirone with a short sword in reverse grip.

'As expected, this person is the strongest.'

Shirone, who realized that it was not a situation to talk, pulled out the shining chain and tied his body.

"Kuk! What is this......! Uaaaaa!"

At the same time, the black-haired man's body flipped over, and the chain, which had become even longer, whipped around inside the guild and captured the people.

"Let go! Let go of this, you bastard!"

He tied the ankles of the men with swords to the floor and finally tied Aeku's hands behind his back.

"Hoo."

At the moment when Shirone was catching his breath, the woman who had been hiding under the counter took out a flute and shot a poison needle.

"Pook!"

The needle coated with deadly poison rushed, but in the eyes of Shirone, who cast slow magic, it looked as if it had stopped.

"......"

When he caught the needle with his index and thumb in front of his eyes, the eyes of the men tied with the shining chain widened.

"He, he caught it with his hand."

Catching a needle flying in the air with your hand in slow magic, even in a split-second state, was impossible in their experience.

'You have to dedicate your life to slowing down by 1 percent......'

It was a genius of the photon series like Alpheus that the speed of time seemed to slow down dreamily.

"You...... Who the hell are you?"

As Aeku's pupils glanced sideways, the woman at the counter reloaded the poison needle.

"Kyak!"

The shining chain first wrapped around her body and lifted her up to the ceiling in a reverse hanging state.

"Okay, I got it! I'm Aemeri Justin! So now let me go! Let's talk!"

If it's true, it needed to be verified

"Can you show me the wound?"

The faces of the mercenaries became serious

'This guy, he knows everything.'

Then the back door opened roughly, and a woman who seemed to have just finished washing her hair came in.

"You guys! Did you lose your house? Why is it so noisy......!"

She had a strong impression of being tormented by the world, and she had a sniper-modified gun on her shoulder.

A shooting range was visible beyond the door.

"What is this, this unfunny situation?"

The woman who had been looking at the ridiculous situation from side to side fixed her gaze on Shirone.

"Are you the one who's hanging my subordinates?"

Aeku shouted.

"Captain! Run away! This guy knows about the castle!"

For a moment, her eyebrows twitched, but Justin, as the party involved in the incident, did not act rashly.

"......Let go of my subordinates."

The situation was not one where he could talk because he felt the tense resistance of the mercenaries through the spirit zone.
[Translated block]


"Are you Emery Justin?"

"Yes. If you have something to say, say it to me."

If this was also a strategy like the woman at the counter, it was most accurate to check with her eyes.

"Show me the wound on your side."

Aeku struggled.

"Captain! Run! This kid! Quickly untie this! If you let me out, I'll kill... Ahhh!"

When the shining chain was tightened, Aeku screamed, and all the people connected by the chain frowned.

"Huh!"

Justin shouted.

"Stop!"

When she grabbed the bottom of her top and pulled it up to her neck, her chest trembled and her bare skin was exposed.

"Is it done? Now let go of my men."

"Ca, Captain...."

While the men turned their eyes away from the embarrassing scene, Shiro looked at her ribs intently.

'It's there.'

There was a scar that must have been fatal at the time, clearly engraved along the ribs.

"Why? Do you want me to show you more?"

Shiro released the shining chain.

"Kuh!"

The woman fell from the ceiling and the men knelt down, clutching their painful bodies.

"It's pathetic...."

Justin clicked his tongue, but he couldn't hide the worry in his eyes.

'She's a strong person.'

I could feel the spirit of a soldier who had crossed the line.

"Yes, I'm Emery Justin. What are you going to do now? Are you going to kill me?"

"I keep saying, I didn't come to fight. I don't even think about hurting you."

"Really?"

Justin seemed unimpressed.

"Okay, let's hear it. You want to talk one-on-one? Then I have a perfect place."

It was a shooting range where she practically lived.

"Captain! We'll follow you! Ahh!"

Aeku's man jumped up, but the pain of the bones twitching made him sit down again.

"Just take care of your body. Anyway, the fuss...."

After Justin and Shiro left through the back door, the woman at the counter brought ointment.

"Apply this. The skin is peeled off."

Aeku, who was applying medicine to his body, looked at the chain mark engraved on his skin and frowned.

"Damn! I have to wear long sleeves. How can I go around like this? People will think I'm a pervert."

The man with the long sword looked back at the back door.

"Will it be okay? It wasn't an ordinary skill. Shouldn't we follow?"

"Huh, ordinary skill?"

The black-haired man said.

"Do you think you can suppress me with ordinary skills? Well, if it's you guys, it might be possible."

Aeku showed his teeth.

"What, this kid! I'm already upset, and you're making fun of people."

"He's saying that if he wanted to kill, he would have killed us long ago."

Everyone closed their mouths.

"If he had a bad intention, we wouldn't be here now. That's why the captain followed him obediently. Just trust and leave it to him."

"......"

Aeku blew on the shoulder area where he applied the ointment.

"Will there be a scar?"

The explosive sound of the magic bullet rang out.

"Next!"

As soon as the target was set up, the sniper gun recoiled.

"Next!"

Watching Justin, who was engrossed in shooting training, Shiro was lost in thought.

'What is he shooting?'

It was a shooting skill that could not be obtained without daily training, almost miraculous.

'Are you still fighting?'

Justin finally opened his mouth.

"Why did you come here if you're not a hitman?"

"I have a favor to ask."

"A favor? To me?"

When he pulled the bolt, the sniper gun's side ejected a shell with a clank.

"Please kill Habits."

Her breath stopped abruptly, and her shoulders began to tremble like a tsunami.

"Da, next!"

As soon as the target was set, he pulled the trigger, but the magic bullet exploded in a completely different place.

"Habits...."

Fear swept over Justin's eyes.

"Next!"

The target was set up, and the sniper gun recoiled.

"Please kill Habits."

Her breath stopped abruptly, and her shoulders began to tremble like a tsunami.

"Da, next!"

As soon as the target was set, he pulled the trigger, but the magic bullet exploded in a completely different place.

"Habits...."

Fear swept over Justin's eyes.
[Translated block]