


```text
[294] 6. A Huge Secret (3)

Reina said.

"Behavior guidelines. Is that enough?"

Shirone was already in a state of having her neck strangled by the rope. She didn't think the situation would get better by planting an idea that would trigger some action.

"We have no choice but to try. Actually, we don't have much time. Of course, it will take a considerable amount of time for the neck to be cut off, but if even an artery is severed, it will be fatal. By then, the unconsciousness will collapse at a tremendous speed."

Amy was anxious.

"Then what do we do?"

The solution Armin suggested was simple.

"We have to find Shirone."

"What? But this is Shirone's mind."

"To be precise, everything here is a shadow created by projecting Shirone's core. We are looking for the core, not the shadow. It's called an avatar."

Amy recalled what she had heard from Gardrak in the Valley of the Swirling Snake. The swirling snake, which was a shadow of a giant snake, was actually nothing more than a smooth and small caecilian. The people of heaven called it an avatar.

"Is that avatar in the 11th layer?"

Armin shook his head.

"It won't be. So we have to call it out."

Reina asked.

"How do you call it?"

Amy realized before hearing Armin's answer.

"Can't we just ask people? After all, everyone here is Shirone."

Armin nodded his head satisfactorily. It seemed that the two of them were now intuitively grasping some of the attributes of this world.

"That's right. You just have to ask people. It's called a keyword. It's a pretty difficult task outside, but here you just have to ask. If you inject Shirone as a keyword, the avatar will come up to the 11th layer. Then let's go now."

Armin walked to the counter with the two women. And he asked the middle-aged woman who was still knitting.

"Do you know someone named Shirone?"

As soon as Armin's words fell, the music stopped as if it were a lie. The murmurs of people were not heard either.

It was only when there was no sound that they realized how much noise they had been exposed to. It was perfectly quiet.

Amy looked around with a chilly feeling.

The people who had been depressed until now opened their eyes sharply and looked at Armin.

The woman at the counter was no exception. She opened her mouth belatedly as if she had stopped, not even blinking her eyes.

"Why are you looking for that person?"

Armin hummed and smiled.

That person. He didn't say Shirone's name, which showed his cautious consciousness.

Anyway, he had to speak well from now on. He couldn't be blatant or make hostile remarks.

"I have something to tell him urgently."

The woman thought for a moment and continued knitting.

"I don't know. Who that person is."

"I see."

Arius sighed and blew out his breath, thinking it wasn't easy.

He was well trained after all. Even if he was a magician specialized in mental magic, he would be shaken in a situation where his neck was cut off.

There was thunder outside and it was a mess, but his consciousness still maintained vigilance, which showed how well he had been grooming his mind on a regular basis.

"Okay. Then let's go."

The woman at the counter said without looking at him.

"Pay for the roof before you go."

He had to get what he had to get even before he died. This was also the spirit of a magician who pursued 100% efficiency.

'Huhu, he has a steel-like personality.'

People who came into the inn without eating and avoiding rain paid for the roof as customary.

But Amy had no money. Even if she did, it was doubtful whether the money in reality would be traded.

Then Armin rummaged through his pocket. And he willingly took out a gold coin and paid it.

"Here it is."
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"Huh?"

Amy looked at the gold coin he handed her. As expected, it was a cog-shaped gold coin that was not used in reality.

The woman at the counter frowned as she touched the gold coin.

"This is too expensive."

"I don't need change."

"I can't do that. Just take it back since you don't need it."

"It's really okay."

Armin smiled and refused, and the woman coolly accepted.

"Okay, then. You'll be blessed."

Amy pouted her lips.

The innkeeper was different in speech, appearance, and gender, but somehow she felt that he resembled Sirone's usual appearance.

"Let's go out first."

Armin had a serious expression on his face by now.

They left the inn, but they did not dare to go outside the eaves. The water was rising like a flood on the ground.

Amy shivered as she felt the cold again.

"At this rate, the whole world will be submerged."

Armin shook his head.

"No, before that, the world will disappear."

Amy turned her head and looked at the scenery of the inn.

The warmth that was blocked by a single window made her colder, but she felt warm in her heart when she saw the people resting comfortably.

Everyone would disappear if Sirone died.

Even though they were not human, she wished they would live long in this world.

"First of all, I injected the keyword Sirone, so Sirone's avatar will float to the surface. Divers call this process netting."

"I see."

"But that's where the problem lies. We don't have time, so let me explain while we go. It will be harder to move if the water rises more."

Armin ran through the rain that was so thick that he couldn't see an inch ahead. Amy caught up with him and asked.

"Where are you going? We don't even know where Sirone is."

"First of all... we need to buy weapons. Probably."

Armin stopped in front of a two-story building and looked up. There was a sign with an axe and a sword crossed.

The three of them took shelter from the rain under the weapon shop's eaves again. This time, the eaves were so narrow that they had to stick to the wall.

Armin looked at the two women standing side by side and asked.

"Do you have anything you can handle?"

Reina spoke first.

"I learned a little swordsmanship when I was young..."

"I'm a mage."

Amy said with a shy expression, and Arius smiled. She seemed embarrassed to say she was a mage after being teased earlier.

"I see. It would be nice if you had something useful."

As Armin was about to enter the weapon shop, Amy stopped him in a hurry.

"Wait, what about money?"

He couldn't buy a good weapon without money. Besides, the money he paid at the inn was not real money.

Armin had also entered Sirone's consciousness not long ago, so he thought he might not be able to get money either.

"Oh, I withdrew it."

"Withdraw? From where?"

Armin pointed to the sky.

"Of course from Sirone. This is Sirone's consciousness, so you can make anything you want. Think in your mind that you need money. Then Sirone will give you as much money as he trusts you. Let me see..."

Armin rummaged through his pocket and took out a gold coin.

"I have 9 now, so I got 10 golds in total. Of course, if this is gold, haha."

The two women looked at the cog-shaped gold coin in Armin's palm and thought in their minds that they needed money.

Reina checked her pocket and said with a bright face.

"Oh? It's true. 7 pieces, 7 golds."

Amy looked at her with surprised eyes.

She had never heard of Armin while she was getting along with Sirone, so she thought Reina would get at least more than 10 gold coins.

But the result broke her expectation and Armin won.
```

How is my translation?
[Translated block]


```text
Was it true that Shirone looked down on Reina? No, rather, it meant that he trusted Armin that much.

'Who on earth is this person? What kind of relationship did he have with Shirone?'

Anyway, Amy also felt a little bit of anticipation. It was something that she couldn't use in reality anyway, but it was the only currency in the mental world.

'Hmm, Mr. Armin has 10, Reina has 7. Then I guess I'll give about 20?'

Amy bit her tongue and rummaged through her pocket. Then she switched hands and searched the opposite pocket.

Gradually, her expression worsened.

"Huh?"

Reina tilted her head and asked.

"What's wrong?"

"No, just a moment."

Amy frantically turned over all the pockets in her clothes. But no matter how hard she looked, she couldn't withdraw any.

Amy said incredulously with a red face.

"There's no gold coin in here?"

Armin nodded his head as if he knew why.

"Hmm, I see. If Shirone refuses to withdraw, it's possible."

Amy was shocked.

The number of gold coins was an indicator of how much Shirone trusted that person. How could she not receive any at all?

"Ah, no, I'll try again."

Armin said it was useless.

"It's no use trying. We don't have time, so let's just buy whatever we can with the money we have."

Gold coin withdrawal was a very easy task. If a gold coin didn't come out once, it was the same no matter how many times you tried.

Reina led Amy to the weapon shop to comfort her.

"Yeah, Amy, let's do that. 16 gold should be enough."

Amy shook off Reina's arm and stopped in her place and shouted.

"That can't be!"

Tears welled up in Amy's eyes.

The 7 gold that Reina received was Shirone's feelings for her. She didn't want to buy her weapon with that. If she had to buy something, it had to be the money that Shirone gave her.

Armin understood her feelings very well. Also, that's why digging into someone's inner world was prohibited worldwide.

If you get to know someone's inner self too clearly, you can't help but feel that everything you knew before was a lie.

Even though it was actually a natural human nature.

"Amy, you don't need to feel betrayed. Shirone is in a desperate situation. If some emotional turmoil occurs, it can happen. Did you convey any bad feelings to him before you came here or ......"

Amy shook her head roughly.

"No, that can't be. I ......"

Amy cut off her words.

Honestly, how would she know? Even if she knew everything about Shirone, she couldn't grasp his innermost feelings.

Maybe it was because he couldn't respond properly to Zenoger's attack. She hoped he would melt the spider web with Ignite and save her, but he was disappointed by her inability to cope properly.

Arius sighed. It was something that everyone had to go through in Shirone's consciousness anyway, and it wasn't a problem that had a clear answer.

"Let's go in for now. We can't delay any longer."

Armin cut off the conversation decisively and Amy followed him reluctantly. Seeing her dejected look, Reina felt sorry for her, but there was no consolation possible in this situation.

"Welcome."

The shop owner greeted them after putting down the newspaper.

Amy lifted her head slightly and then opened her eyes wide. He looked a bit older, but he was definitely Nade.

"Nade? How are you?"

"Huh? Do you know me? I'm seeing you for the first time?"

Amy looked at Armin with an eye that demanded an explanation. Armin also had an acquaintance with Nade. He was one of Shirone's friends who had sneaked into his house before.

"He's Shirone's projection. It's a combination of an object called a weapon shop and an object called Nade. Maybe the boy named Nade is interested in this kind of thing."
```

Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]
Reyna said.

"Sometimes that happens in dreams too. You think you're fighting a villain, but when you wake up from the dream, it turns out that person was actually your family member that you had a fight with last night."

"Yes. That's a natural psychological reaction. And the fact that there are complex projections here means that there are some impressive concepts in this place. Shall we look around a bit?"

Nade frowned and stared at Amy.

"I really don't get it. Are you sure you didn't mistake the person?"

"Oh, I guess so. The person I know is much younger. I'm sorry."

"Hahaha! I do get a lot of compliments for looking young wherever I go."

Amy pretended not to know anything to avoid stimulating Siro's mind with unnecessary words. Human consciousness was so complex that even touching a trivial part could cause a butterfly effect right away.
[Translated block]