


[240] 5. Match Point (2)

"Do you think Sirone is like you, fighting to get popular?"

"What? Are you done talking?"

The students weighed Sirone's party and Dante's party whenever they gathered. Most of them placed Dante as the top and made countless speculations below him. These were the events that happened in the two months since Olivia took office as the new principal.

Nade was annoyed by the noise from all sides. It didn't seem like they were so blatantly taking sides before the introduction of 2000. Anyway, since the academic achievement was rising, the teachers were not going to revoke Olivia's policy.

"Wow, really! Maybe we should just transfer out of here."

Nade spat out a wordless word. The girls looked at them and whispered, then sneered and ran to Dante.

"It's okay. Don't mind them. We just have to do our own way."

Sirone said calmly and then immersed himself in lifting training again.

Nade lost his appetite. Dante, who ruled like an emperor as a student, was not normal, but Sirone's nerves were also thick enough not to blink an eye even when rumors of cowardice spread.

A week later, there was a midterm evaluation.

Dante's party took first to third place, pushing back the ranks of all Class Four members. Of course, the order was the same.

After the midterm evaluation, the students stopped talking about Sirone. There was no feedback, so it was meaningless to spread gossip.

Pandora made a lot of effort to blend in with Dante's party, but there was still an invisible barrier between them.

Pandora thought it wouldn't work this way and casually brought up a word while pretending to rub Sabina's shoulder.

"Hey, Sabina. I want to do well in real life too, but how can I do that?"

"Real life? Well, you use magic by the book. Don't do that and learn passive. It's much easier. It's not wrong to learn first anyway. Anyway, this school is weird."

She gave some advice, but she didn't seem to want to bother more.

Pandora, who was hot, came out directly.

"Can't you teach me in 2000?"

"Ho? Are you challenging me now?"

"No, no! Absolutely not, I just thought it would be nice to know some passive skills or tactics that I can use in real life."

Closer's eyes went to Pandora's chest. He had been looking for an opportunity from the usual, but it was rather easy if he came out like this.

"Well, anyway Pandora is our party too, it wouldn't hurt to be stronger. Then shall we give you some extra lessons?"

Pandora was delighted. Above all, he liked that they saw him as a party.

"Oh my god, really? I'm so grateful if you do that!"

His friends knew Closer's inner thoughts.

Dante for power, Closer for women, Sabina for popularity.

They were childhood friends who traded with each other to get what they wanted since they were young, so Dante followed Closer's words this time.

"Okay. Let's loosen up for a while? Let's go into 2000."

Dante's party, who took a corner of the practice field, gave Pandora one piece of advice and stood him up.

As always with advice from others, it was nothing more than wrapping up what everyone knew in plausible language.

Closer casually hugged Pandora's shoulder and said.

"Now we're going to attack you from all sides, so deal with it with fragrance magic. We'll do it slowly so don't worry."

"Huh? Oh. Okay."

Dante's party pressed Pandora with basic magic.

It was a useful lesson for those who accepted it, but it looked like training a dog to other students.

Sabina shouted excitedly.

"Hoho! Not bad? Don't just run away and fight back a little. We're bored."

Pandora followed her words and casted olive flower fragrance that caused mental confusion. It wasn't immediate, but it was easy for the opponent to be careless because of that and it was often used in real life.
[Translated block]


```text
And Sabina fell right into that operation. Pandora, who thought she could catch her, sprayed Fire Flower (manufacturer Alones), a scent of triumph.

Sabina, whose senses were dulled by Olif's scent, had no choice but to inhale a small amount even though she knew it.

Heat spread throughout her lungs as if she had sucked in fire. It would have been dangerous if the sync rate wasn't 50 percent.

“Cough! Cough!”

“Sabina! Are you okay?”

Pandora, who ran worriedly, felt a chill and stopped walking. Sabina, who was bowing her head, opened her eyes coldly.

“I'm sorry.”

“It's okay. You did very well. This is how you grow your skills.”

As if she had never done so, Sabina's face turned into a hypocritical smile. She couldn't show off that she had been beaten in front of other students, especially juniors.

Pandora, who was flustered by fear, said.

“Well… I think that's enough for now. It was very helpful.”

“What are you talking about? You've grown so much already. Now, this is where the real training begins!”

Before the words were over, Dante and Closer rushed in. They were angry at Pandora for hitting them arrogantly and didn't spare any mercy.

“Here, Pandora! Take this too!”

“Hohoho! Here we go!”

When the three of them attacked with determination, Pandora had no way to block them. Eventually, an anti-magic close to a fatal blow shook the spirit zone and fell to the floor.

Dante and his party did not stop. They adjusted their strength so that the gauge would decrease as slowly as possible and poured magic mercilessly.

The classmates who watched the scene said worriedly.

“Hey, isn't that too much?”

“That's not teaching. It's just beating.”

Pandora bowed her head and accepted the magic that was pouring down. She was so miserable that she couldn't even say to stop.

Boyle clenched his fist at the sight of his rival being humiliated. He was angry, but Pandora was also a child who worked hard from Class Ten to get here. He couldn't understand why he had to suffer such humiliation.

Pandora's mental strength ran out and a light came on in her bracelet. Sabina stopped attacking because she could no longer cast magic and looked down at her with a sneer.

“How is it? Was it helpful?”

Pandora lifted her head with sadness in her eyes. She knew what had happened without anyone telling her.

But she tried to lift the corners of her mouth. If Dante and his party abandoned her too, there would be nowhere else to go.

“Yeah. I learned a lot. Thank you.”

“Puhahahaha!”

Closer grabbed his stomach and burst into laughter. He knew he was rustic from the beginning, but he didn't know he was so naive.

Sabina still wasn't feeling well. She had to at least convey the humiliation she had suffered from Fire Flower.

“You have to do this several times to get stronger. Got it?”

“Yeah. I think I was too weak. I'll ask you again next time.”

“Really? Then kneel down quickly.”

Pandora looked up desperately. But Sabina's eyes were only cold.

“What are you doing? You lost, so kneel down and beg. Have you already forgotten the rules?”

Pandora tried to endure it, but couldn't stop the bursting cry. Her shoulders trembled and she burst into tears.

“Kkkk! Are you crying now? Don't tell me you were angry? You're doing all sorts of things for being weak. Guys, look here. Your senior is crying!”

The juniors turned their heads in embarrassment. If they were in that situation, it would be terrible just to imagine.

The teachers also realized the seriousness of the situation. Especially Sad walked towards them with the intention of not letting it go. He had to hear what happened, but he couldn't avoid punishment.

Sabina realized that Sad had found him and realized that he had crossed the danger level. He was too excited because he was caught by a country chicken.

But he couldn't show himself trembling. If you were a student who was doing well in Bashuka, one or two punishments were medals.
```
[Translated block]
"Alright, then. How about this? If you're so confident in your skills, why don't you fight me in front of everyone? Let's make it a public event, with a referee and rules. And if I win, you have to apologize to Pandora and promise to never bother her or anyone else again. What do you say?"

Sydney challenged Dante with a confident smile. She knew he wouldn't be able to refuse such an offer, especially in front of his followers. She also knew that he wasn't as strong as he pretended to be. She had seen him fight before, and she had noticed his weaknesses.

Dante's face twisted with anger and frustration. He wanted to reject Sydney's proposal, but he also knew that it would make him look like a coward. He had no choice but to accept, or risk losing his reputation and influence.

"Fine. You're on. But don't think you can beat me so easily. I'll show you who's the real champion here." He said through gritted teeth.

Sydney nodded and turned to Pandora. She helped her stand up and gave her a reassuring hug.

"Don't worry, Pandora. I'll make him pay for what he did to you. You're my friend, and I won't let anyone hurt you." She said softly.

Pandora felt a surge of gratitude and admiration for Sydney. She had always looked up to her, but now she felt even closer to her. She wished she could be as brave and strong as her.

"Thank you, Sydney. You're amazing." She said with a weak smile.

Sydney smiled back and winked at her.

"No problem, Pandora. You're amazing too. Now let's go and watch me kick his ass." She said cheerfully.

She led Pandora away from the scene, followed by Boil and Sade. The other students watched them go with mixed feelings. Some were curious, some were excited, some were worried, and some were envious.

The stage was set for the showdown between Sydney and Dante. It was going to be a fight that no one would forget.
[Translated block]