


[649] The Way They Live (2)

"La Enemy is......"

Lian, who was voicing his absurdity, swallowed his words.

Even the shoddy information was paid for, and Shiro's meaningful smile also contributed.

'But what the hell is this......'

Of course, there is a good chance that La was reincarnated as a woman.

Even so, it was not a major issue for Shiro, and if he was a man, what does 'presumed' mean?

'There's no one to spoon-feed you like in school.'

Shiro was also disappointed, but he didn't regret the 3 gold because he learned the physiology of this world.

'Surely La's gender may be important to someone. So it's hard to see that the quality of the information has dropped with this. But......'

What was still annoying was the word 'presumed'.

"Please explain."

When Shiro's eyes suddenly became sharp, even Estera was quite surprised.

'Was this her personality?'

Most of the magic school graduates who came to the guild were those who gave up the hope of being recognized and jumped into livelihood activities.

Especially if it's a fledgling who just graduated, it's part of the job to put a dump on the manager's discretion.

It's because you have to leave as much profit as possible to the rookie, even if you lose in the deal with the veteran.

'What should I do with this. Just tell me?'

Normally, the correct answer is to ask for a fee for the explanation, but when I saw Shiro's eyes, I felt like my intuition, which had dealt with many magicians, was sending a warning.

'Let's watch a little more.'

Estera, who decided to follow her intuition, explained.

"In the information trade, information is classified into 4 stages. Confirmation, presumption, suspicion, rumor. Of course, even in this case, verification is difficult, but in the case of confirmation level, evidence or documents are attached."

"So what is the presumption level?"

"If you exclude the need to attach something, you can think of it as the same as the confirmation level. So unless you're a magician who professionally handles information, most people sell information at the presumption level."

Magicians traveled to various regions, so the amount of information they saw and heard was much more than ordinary people.

So, after finishing the request and returning to the guild, they sold the information they got during the trip to raise extra income.

'Information from all over the place gathers. Then the number of people using the guild will also increase, so it's not a loss for the guild.'

Lian asked.

"But how can I believe it without any attachments? There's no question of believing or not in this case."

"That's something the buyer has to bear. Information is just an auxiliary means to perform tasks. So, unless it's absolutely necessary, other magicians don't usually ask for information above the presumption level. But what I can say is that no guild, whether it's nationwide, trades information lightly. Was there a name of the information provider under the card?"

Shiro recalled the name Marca Inter engraved on the card.

"Anyone can buy, but only guild members with clear identities can sell. If you're suspicious, it might be a way to find the information provider directly. I emphasize, but the guild is not a government agency. You should know that any guild can only work based on trust."

"What if the information provider scams?"

"He would be deprived of his guild membership. All guilds connected to their own network will be contacted."

Estera, who knew what Shiro was worried about, added.

"Of course, I can't say there's no betrayal, but there's no end to looking at the bad side. Most of them work on the basis of trust, so the guild can exist."

Unless you're going to take a big chunk and leave this field, there's no reason to destroy the guild system, which is their livelihood.

Shiro, who nodded his head, asked.

"How much did the owner of this card sell the information for?"

"50 Silver."

The guild made a whopping 1 gold 50 silver, but it was reasonable because the magician named Inter would have sold several pieces of information.
[Translated block]


Honestly, who would buy this information for 50 silver if there wasn't a guild system?

"So, in the end, there was no information of verification grade."

Estera laughed awkwardly.

"Right. There was no information of verification grade that included the keyword. As I said earlier, it's the domain of experts. The verification is thorough and the price is quite high."

Lian grumbled.

"Then you should have told me from the beginning, right?"

"Hehe, you learned a lot thanks to this, right? Think of it as tuition."

"Trust is something..."

Shirone interrupted Lian's words.

"I'll buy everything."

Estera, who doubted her ears, asked back.

"Huh? What did you say?"

"I'm going to buy all the information cards here. There are twenty-six left, so it's 52 gold, right?"

The moment Shirone put five intermediate gold coins and two lower gold coins on the table, Estera realized the identity of the sixth sense.

'This kid...'

She's pretty quick.

It was clear that she was new to the guild from her actions so far.

Yet, the decision to buy all the information cards was a decision that leapfrogged all the many mistakes that a beginner would make.

'Certainly, the veterans would have made the same decision.'

Estera, who had lost her pretense, held out the card.

"...Take it."

Shirone, who had put twenty-six cards in her arms at once, looked back at Estera and asked.

"And I want to join the guild."

This was also a correct decision.

'She's really quick to change her attitude for her age?'

If it was just 10 minutes ago that she was being scolded by the wizards, it was a feeling that Shirone, who looked like a fluffy chick, looked so big that she could pierce the ceiling.

Estera swallowed her saliva and looked at the certificate.

'This is real. It's not a forgery.'

If it was known that Arian Shirone joined the Silver Ring Guild, it was not a day's work to surpass the other three major guilds.
[Translated block]


"What should I do? I have to catch it. Ah, really! The master is out at this time."

Esthera couldn't possibly not know what she was thinking, so Shirone asked for confirmation again.

"Joining and leaving is free, right?"

"Of course."

She said with a smile, but her true feelings were different.

'But not you.'

Of course, it's not a level where you can hold on if you want to hold on.

Also, if you're taking the Ivory Tower test, there's no reason to join a guild within the kingdom.

'But that's why there's no reason to leave, right?'

Esthera, who had organized her thoughts, handed over the key.

"Since you've decided to join, I should provide accommodation. Take this and go to room 3 on the 4th floor."

"Do I not need to fill out any documents?"

"Ho ho ho! There's no need to wait, right? I'll go to the room later and take care of it. Oh, here's your membership card."

The quality of service has jumped as much as it has been fooled, but Shirone had no grudge anyway.

"Yes. Then I'll ask you a favor."

As soon as Shirone went up the stairs, the wizards rushed to the counter without anyone going first.

"Esthera! Can you give me a copy of the guild member's certificate? No, sell it to me! How much is it?"

If you attach a certificate and sell the information as a confirmation grade, you should be able to get at least 100 gold.

Esthera sighed and said.

"Wake up. From now on, this information is exclusively owned by the Silver Ring Guild Kentra Branch. Go and have a drink."

The wizards turned around with a taste in their mouths, but the place they walked was not the hall, but the exit.

Wouldn't it be worth a considerable amount if it was a place where there was a candidate for the Ivory Tower, even with the information of the suspicion grade?

That was the trust of the guild, and based on that trust, Shirone's location quickly spread throughout the kingdom.

* * *

The room 3 on the 4th floor where Shirone entered was a large room with as many as 7 beds.

"There was no need to do this much."

Even a child knows that waste is a waste, but it was excellent in terms of showing the will of the Silver Ring Guild.

"Anyway, it's good. It's free."

When Lian said that and lay down, Shirone, who was sitting on the bed across from him, read the information he bought from the guild.

"That's right, you bought a card. How is it? Is there any useful information?"

When Shirone read the card and put it down, Lian approached the bed and checked one by one.

"Let's see, La Enemy is suspected to be a wizard……. What are you talking about?"

Of course, it could be important information for someone, but Lian was just sorry for the 2 gold.

There was also information worth noting.

"La Enemy is suspected to have graduated from a magic school in Kazra Kingdom. Height is suspected to be between 175 and 180 centimeters. Rumor has it that he met a person from the Ivory Tower. Huh?"

Lian frowned as he read the next card.

"Rumor has it that La Enemy is deaf?"

Then he slapped the card on the quilt.

"Can you sell such nonsense information?"

"But there's similar information on other cards."

Shirone picked out a few cards and showed them.

"Rumor has it that La Enemy is blind. Suspected of having a rare disease. Rumor has it that he is mute. Including what you saw, all different information providers."

"It's definitely strange. But some information is definitely false. Being a wizard is a suspicion grade."

"I find it hard to believe too, but it's hard to ignore. If it's a scam, you'll be kicked out of the guild, and in severe cases, you could be retaliated against, right?"

That meant that the information provider was also selling his life.

"But what about this? From the beginning, the rumor grade information was garbage. Then there's no retaliation. Besides, rumors are something you can blurt out as they come out, right?"

Lian's words made sense.

"Is that so? The confirmation grade must have evidence, and the suspicion is probably the level of confirming that evidence with your own eyes."

"What about doubt?"
[Translated block]


"Isn't it just as reliable as hearing from a related person? If you look at it that way, rumors are what you hear from someone who heard it."

"......Really worthless."

"But when I looked at all these circumstances, I found out one important fact."

Shirone pointed to La Enemy written on the card.

"First of all, there is too much information. Especially, Kazura is currently closing the border."

The cause was Shirone's paternity test commotion.

"Huh? Come to think of it, how did Kazura's information flow to Tormia?"

"That's the key. Guild members from other countries are also getting enough estimated grade information. So Ivory Tower doesn't know where Ra is."

Shirone's thought was close to certainty.

"They can't find it even though they know."

The existence hidden in that strange contradiction.

"They can't find it even though they know?"

That was La Enemy.
[Translated block]