


[439] The Day of the Full Moon (3)

As the artificial brain was activated, the arrival time of Ataraxia was more than twice as fast as before.

Shirone cast a spell, staring at the colorful light wheel in front of her.

'Photon Cannon!'

At the moment when the photons were compressed and shook as if they were about to explode, Ikasa appeared in front of her.

"Kuk!"

As the fist dug into the solar plexus, Arman bit it, but he couldn't completely cancel out the shock wave.

Equivalent exchange of cause and effect.

Valhalla Action is nothing more than reversing the order of potential energy and kinetic energy, but it was a difficult thing for beings living in time to adapt to.

"How dare you do that!"

Ikasa used Valhalla Action to hit a super-fast barrage, and Shirone swung Arman's tentacles to bounce off his fists.

When the photon cannon was fired at close range, this time Ikasa avoided the attack with a brilliant weaving.

The rebels who survived the battle where both martial arts and magic unfolded did not even dare to intervene.

"That's Nephilim...."

A human is fighting equally with an angel.

Even if it's a fallen angel, it's an unreachable being for the believers.

For the believers, it was as shocking as breaking their faith that they had kept from ancient times.

'This can't be!'

Ikasa couldn't accept reality either.

A year ago, a human who couldn't move a finger was fighting on par with himself who received the power of the full moon.

"Just a mere bug!"

Ikasa wanted it, the best barrage he could put in the coordinates where Shirone was.

As the afterimages of his fists formed a huge barrier and rushed in like a tidal wave, Shirone took an extreme defensive posture.

The Ultima System worked instantly, and Arman's robe twisted along with his body and increased its thickness.

A fist-shaped pattern was stamped on Shirone's entire body.

"Kuuuuk!"

An attack so fast that he couldn't think of anything but defense.

But when this typhoon passes, the opportunity will come to Shirone.

'As expected, there is a limit to having a will. I can win if I can withstand this.'

Shirone, who was pushed back by Ikasa's last blow, endured the pain as if his bones were broken and concentrated Ataraxia.

The expectation was accurate, and Ikasa, who had pulled forward the result with Valhalla Action, couldn't move at all.

'But it's subtle. Can I match it in time?'

It's something I have to do.

Considering the durability of an angel, this was the only way to end it in one blow.

Ikasa looked at Ataraxia, which was quickly accumulating, with the feeling of a death row inmate who had climbed onto the gallows.

'That's dangerous.'

The exclusive patent of Archangel Ikael.

If it is completed before Valhalla Action returns, there is a high probability of falling into panic regardless of its power, just by its existence alone.

'6 seconds. 5 seconds. 4 seconds.'

Ataraxia vs Valhalla Action.

It was a fight over who could complete the angel's ability first.

"Now. Deploy."

As Reysis, who was watching the situation from underground headquarters, gave instructions, all living things on the ground stopped moving at once.

'What?'

Flu, who sensed an abnormal change, raised his eyes with difficulty.

A huge pupil was moving his pupils quickly as if observing everyone on the ground.

Biological weapon-Jin Shin Akamai.

The power of Anti-Tese reversed the law.

As if tied with a rope, Ikasa narrowed his shoulders and screamed.

"Kuk! This, this is...!"

No matter how fallen an angel is, it's an unbelievable restraint.

It was such a difficult law to endure even with the power of the full moon that even an ordinary angel would not know what to do.

It goes without saying that others were also helpless against Ikasa being captured.

The only person who showed movement was Shirone, who endured with the power of mental transcendence.

'That's amazing power. What exactly is this?'

Even Arman's robe couldn't stand it and disassembled in reverse order of installation and turned into a magic sword.

A researcher watching the situation from underground said.

"All capture completed. What should we do?"
[Translated block]


Racis threw off the commander's mask.

The rebels on the ground were nothing but worthless pieces of meat, now that the materials were gathered.

"Lock up the members and bring Siro and Flu, and the angel. Prepare the liquor of Ilhwa right away."

Racis's aides moved immediately.

While the liquor of Ilhwa was being prepared, Siro and Flu, and Icasa were locked in a cell.

Of course, the real prison that confined them was Jinma Akamai, who was staring at them from outside the bars.

Flu gritted his teeth.

He didn't expect Racis to start his move in this situation where an angel had infiltrated.

'No, it's such a powerful weapon. How did he make it?'

It was a situation where the three who had fought fiercely until a while ago became cellmates.

Flu glared at Icasa, who had ruined everything.

But emotions were not important in this situation, so he first told Siro the necessary information.

Racis was enhancing himself through biological experiments, Siro was selected as a material for that, and he was using Garas and Flu to mass-produce clones. That was the gist of it.

It was absurd even for Icasa, an angel, to hear.

"Lowly races trying to become gods? Foolish things."

It was a contradictory statement coming from the mouth of an angel of desire, but Siro's thoughts were not much different.

'He was cloning me? How...'

Then the door opened and Racis came in.

"Hehe, an angel and a nephilim. What a delicious food warehouse. No, should I say luxurious?"

Icasa bared her teeth and shouted.

"Lowly humans like you! Do you know what it means to speak against an angel?"

"Kekkek! Who is the one who is caught by a creature made by a lowly human without moving?"

Racis entered the cell without fear and sat in front of Icasa, stroking her chin.

A vicious fallen angel. But her physical form was definitely that of an angel.

"You are so beautiful. You are perfect for my body."

Siro asked.

"Why are you doing this? Even if you become stronger with such inhuman experiments, you are nothing but a monster."

"A monster..."

Racis recalled Satan's words from a long time ago.

"Form is nothing but function. Only inferior humans assign aesthetic meaning to it. Therefore, strength is beauty itself."

Racis's facial bones twisted and turned into a monster's appearance.

His eyes slit, his nose protruded like a beast, and his lips split to his ears.

Fire burned in his snake-like eyes, making the surroundings waver like a mirage.

As the memory vision that showed the images in his memory turned on, Siro felt as if he had come to the laboratory.

The bodies of Antiteze's Akamai, Sabshik-gui Kuzen, Infinite Cell Growth Body Kenser, Jinmai Shikjong Galto Mik, Gapsik Mineral Jong Ringer were separately laid on the Pujix machine in the center.

"How about it? Those are the creatures that will lead me to God's body."

Siro bit his lip.

"You think you can become a god with that?"

"Mortality is not inevitable for living things. Death is also nothing but a function chosen by living things. If it is for one perfect individual, death is also a phenomenon that can be eliminated. You and the angel will melt into the remaining two slots. By combining all of this into one, I will become the god of the world."

"You're crazy."

Hate filled Flu's eyes.

He had seen how Racis mass-produced clones from beginning to end.

"Hehe, anyway, you are nothing but excrement-like beings who can't even seep into my body. Think as you please and wait for death."

Racis left the room after leaving those words.

Soon, the researchers would drag Siro and Icasa out and put them in the Pujix machine.

There was no flaw in Anke Raga's liquor of Ilhwa.

Even if it was Icasa's body of an angel, if it mixed with plasma, it would inevitably melt into black liquid.
[Translated block]


```
Flu tried his best to give strength to his body, but the binding power of Jinma Akamai was so enormous that it was not easy to move a finger.

"This is serious. If we stay like this, we'll all die."

Ikasa sneered.

"It's funny that a mayfly is talking about death. It's a rare sight."

"Haha, is that so? Come to think of it, angels have long lives, right? You must be resentful, if you disappear like this."

Ikasa closed his mouth.

That was true. As long as there was an Akashic Record, there was no eternal death, but for angels, extinction was one of the most unpleasant events.

"There is one way."

"A way?"

Shirone turned his head with difficulty and asked.

Ikasa could guess how strong Shirone's avatar was just by being able to move in Jinma Akamai's binding.

"Of course. Do you think a noble angel would be defeated by a mere creature made by humans?"

Flu said.

"You're being defeated right now, aren't you? What's the way?"

Ikasa hesitated for a moment and opened his mouth.

But he couldn't shake off the feeling that something was wrong.

"It's to destroy this creature with Valhalla Action. That is, to use the result of destruction first."

"That's weird, isn't it? If that's possible, why are you caught?"

Flu asked and Shirone said.

"Because the price is too high."

Ikasa didn't hide it any longer.

"Right. Judging by the binding power, at least eight hours of power is paid as a price. In other words, if I destroy this thing, I'll be incapacitated for eight hours."

"Eight hours......"

It took less than 30 minutes for Ikasa to destroy a mountain with his labor power, but he had to pay eight hours of labor power to break free from the binding power.

It was a possible result because it was an anti-thesis of law, not physical force, but it also showed how powerful the creature in front of him was.

Shirone realized why Ikasa hesitated.

"I'll definitely save you. So let us go."

"Hmph, do you think I'll believe human words?"

"You have to. If you stay here, you'll all die."

Ikasa's face crumpled with annoyance.

"I don't know about me, but what difference does it make if you guys go out? This creature is not one or two. You'll just be caught again and come back here."

"I have an idea for that."

Flu said.

"There's Garas trapped in the underground laboratory. Let him loose here. This place will be no different from a flower garden for them."

"Hmm."

Ikasa pondered carefully.

The King of Breeding Garas was the worst creature he knew well.

'Destroy this bastard with Garas? Well, if we can get out of here, it's not impossible.'

"Ikasa."

Shirone raised his body through mental transcendence and slowly approached Ikasa and looked into his eyes.

"I'll definitely come back and save you. Let us go."

Human life was so persistent.

It was the reason why Anke Raga had no choice but to control humans, and because of that, Ikasa became a fallen angel.

"Hmph, don't compare yourself to a mayfly human. I'm not afraid of death. It's just annoying."

"But you also......"

Ikasa cut off Shirone's words.

"Go. Let me go."

Shirone looked surprised and Ikasa snorted as if it was ridiculous.

"It's not for you. There's no other way, and I want to see that woman who challenges the authority of angels fail. That would make me feel better."

"I'll definitely come back and save you. Wait."

Ikasa answered by closing his eyes.

The glory body expanded and the battery of Valhalla Action began to accumulate in the light wheel.

'The binding power is much stronger than expected.'

The conclusion that Valhalla's calculation came up with was 9 hours and 43 seconds.

It was the time it took for Ikasa to destroy Akamai with his avatar's power.

'But still, it's hard to catch an ordinary angel.'

It was her own consolation that she wouldn't have been so easily defeated if she hadn't become a fallen angel.
```
[Translated block]


'To think that the day would come when I would rely on humans.'

Ikasa's eyes opened wide as he took a deep breath.

Valhalla Action!

"Kiiiiiiii!"

Jin Zhen Akamai screamed with his body.

The huge focus moved like light and the moist body twisted and dried up.
[Translated block]