


[772] Question of the Sphere (2)

* * *

While Shiro was having a conversation with Tae Sung, Minerva registered the "Law Spear" in the Ivory Tower.

The internal affairs department's Araka handed over the documents.

"No matter what results the 'Law Spear' brings about in the future, the Ivory Tower will accept it as 'righteousness'."

"Good job."

"I just hope it's used for a good cause. Well, I don't need to worry if it's Saint Shiro."

"Ah, it's different from me, right?"

Araka answered with a smile in his eyes.

"You've brightened up a lot."

Even before Shiro came, Minerva's face, who had returned from her mission, was colder than the numerous corpses she had produced.

"Is that so?"

The "Law Spear" does not get destroyed.

Of course, it does not have the absolute durability of the "Idea", a weapon of Rian.

'A sword that anyone can break if they hold a hammer.'

But in the end, the "Law Spear" is reborn by the laws of this world and falls into someone's hands.

'The crystallization of killing intent.'

It was an endless chain reaction of death.

"Are you polymorphic because you're Shiro?"

Minerva, who seemed to have read her thoughts, turned her body and shook the document file in response to the words.

"Thank you. I'll pay you back later."

Araka watched her walk away.

'Yes, the world will never forgive you.'

Because she is a witch who runs to the extreme of evil.

'So at least, please forgive yourself. Isn't that the only way to endure?'

There is no one who wishes for the happiness of her, who drove humanity to the brink of extinction.

I hope it's not too painful.

Araka thought.

"The 'Law Spear' has been dealt with, and it will take some time for the judgment of Terra Force to come out...."

As Minerva was sorting out her thoughts and walking, the brain of the white-haired man swam through the air and approached her.

"Brain, were you still in the Ivory Tower?"

The brain of someone whose name is unknown.

Even Minerva, the leader of the Human Safety Enforcement Agency, did not know whose brain it was.

She was just guessing through a few assumptions.

"What's up? You seem to have been waiting for me."

"......"

Minerva, who felt like she was looking for a quiet place, took the brain into her room.

The brain that flew to the chair cast a welcome spell, and suddenly a handsome man was sitting with his legs crossed.

"What's this? What kind of service is this?"

"Do you not like it?"

It was a sweet voice that melts a woman's heart, but Minerva's eyes narrowed more than before.

'Here's the first assumption.'

Even if he can use magic, the brain is just a brain.

'He can't hear or see.'

What is the reason why the brain, which has no sensory organs, can accurately respond to the stimuli around it?

'There's only one possibility.'

The brain's senses are at the 10th level, meaning it uses the state of nothingness, and then it is possible to infer what the brain contains.

'Akashic Record.'

In Minerva's opinion, there are two ways to withstand the reset that is activated at the stage of nothingness.

'One is Hexa.'

A new signal coming from outside the system.

'And the other is....'

Copy the Akashic Record and back it up to a new storage organ.

'It's not Anke Ra.'

The Akashic Record of the brain will be the original information of the early days, different from the current Akashic Record.

'Now it's the Great Purification Era.'

A lot of information was deleted through three resets, and no one can remember it.

But someone must have felt the need to preserve the original information in order to counter the reset.

'What did he want to leave behind?'

Conversely, what is the event that lost the most information through three resets?

'The history of heaven.'

Gaia of humanity, who opposed Anke Ra.

'So, with a very high probability, the owner of this brain is....'

It becomes Gaia.

Although there is no Gaia in the universe anymore when Geppin leaves the photon system for the last time.

'He left the history of fighting against the whole.'
[Translated block]


Through the brain of Mute.

"Not really......"

Minerva smiled with a calm expression.

"It's not my style? You don't seem to know women well."

"Is that so?"

As the brain rapidly deployed the illusion magic, countless figures of all ages and genders spun around like a roulette.

The last one to stop was Shirone.

"Have you improved a lot in pranks?"

The reason why the brain entered Minerva's department was to execute human safety.

"I heard you decided to erase Nane?"

"Huhu, you seem to hate it quite a bit? No, is it really the Anke Line that Nane has?"

The brain did not fall for the leading question.

"You don't have to leave everything to Hexa."

Perhaps because it was the brain that might be the only one to back up Gopin's information, it couldn't be ignored.

"I know. There's something like you in my head, too? It's not an easy problem."

"I heard you met people playing card games."

"I saw the possibility of ending the game. But betting money on gambling and reality are different. Good and evil love, you have to give a huge shock to either side to break the balance."

"So, do you help love and hit evil?"

"Then should I help the emptiness and hit the good? It's the most rational among the cases that humans can choose."

"Do you see it possible with the 'Law Kill'?"

Minerva shut her mouth.

"Evil is not a being that can be overcome with rational judgment. Even if you change the law......"

"I know. I'm saying I'm looking for a way. Let's wait and see what judgment Shirone's faction will receive."

Minerva, who was lost in thought with her chin propped up, muttered.

"It would be nice if there was some kind of opportunity."

* * *

Dongbang Jungcheon-dong.

It was incorporated into the Jincheon Empire, but it was a legal sanctuary that the empire could not touch.

The tens of thousands of peaks that rose through the clouds were once a place for those who made up the law to cultivate their minds.

Named the mountain range of monks.

But now that the monks of Jungcheon-dong have gone to Zion, all that remains are the common people who live by farming and......

"Hahaha! It's a human! Human!"

The demons who were slaughtering them.

"Evacuate the civilians!"

The Jincheon Empire's army responded quickly, but the number of demons occupying Jungcheon-dong reached 400,000.

'Squishy guys.'

Jincheon, which competes for the world's 1st and 2nd place in population, but the force defending Jungcheon-dong was only 20,000 at most.

"Block it! Fight for your life!"

Even though the monks left, if the sanctuary of the law falls to the demons, the morale of humanity will drop sharply.

"Kuaaaaaa!"

The imperial army could not even take advantage of the defense against the onslaught of the demons rushing in like a tide.

Garthas, the 7th Division Commander of the 4th Army of Hell, was a monster with sharp thorns piercing through his skin all over his body.

"You idiot! Can you only torture that much!"

The jaw that was cutting off human limbs trembled at Garthas' scolding.

"I, I'm sorry!"

When he tried to hit the helmet of the dead body again, Garthas pierced the body of the jaw with a thorny foot and threw it far away.

"Uaaaaaaaa!"

"Lack of imagination! At least......!"

He grabbed the soldier's head and rubbed it on the ground at a tremendous speed as if he were sharpening an eraser.

"That's what I'm talking about!"

The gruesome sight of that was watched from afar by Park Ki, the commander of the imperial army.

"You son of a bitch! What do you think humans are!"

At the sight of Park Ki coming down the hill on a horse, Garthas' eyes shone eerily.

"A good toy."

"I'll take your neck even if I die!"

Park Ki, who had mastered physical skills up to 4 stars, was great, and dozens of matches were fought in an instant.

"It's over!"

His spear pierced his neck.

"Kkkk, do you feel good?"

Garthas just walked on and hugged the horse and Park Ki with his huge body.

Kihyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehyehy
[Translated block]


At the same time as the torture, the horse died of shock, and numerous thorns penetrated Bakgi's armor.

"Ugh!"

"How about it? Isn't it amazing?"

Piercing the body with thin thorns that wouldn't kill was a representative torture that disregarded the country.

"Like this. Like this. Like this."

Every time he writhed, the pain worsened, and in the end, Bakgi had no choice but to scream in surrender.

"Are you having fun?"

When he turned his head in the direction of the voice, a man with a tattoo on his face was standing with a sad expression.

"Kak!"

Gartas, who pulled out Bakgi and dropped him, twisted his whole body with a distorted expression.

"Buddha...."

If Yahweh is the object of hatred for the devil, Buddha is the object of fear.

"What's so fun?"

Behind Nane, Shura was slaughtering numerous demons with the ability of Gestalt.

"Why did you come? Wasn't it the altar you liberated? To awaken fear in humans."

Nane came here looking for the door of Geopin.

"So we have no reason to fight...."

"Sermon. Agony."

As soon as the words fell, a purple sword popped out and stuck in Gartas' vitals.

"Kaaaaaaaa!"

Gartas, who opened his eyes wide enough for his eyeballs to pop out, clutched his stomach and knelt down.

"It hurts! It hurts!"

"That's right. That's pain."

Even in his fading consciousness, Bakgi couldn't believe the situation where Nane suppressed the corps commander with a single blow.

'Is this Buddha....'

As Nane moved, Gartas was startled.

"Why are you doing this to me? I did as you wanted! No, I did!"

"What I want?"

"Kaaaaaaaa!"

The sword stuck in the vitals vibrated, causing pain that shattered the devil.

"Stop! Please stop....!"

"Listen carefully, you hellhound."

When Nane touched Gartas' forehead with the tips of her five fingers, his head stiffened.

"If you guys didn't exist, or at least if you guys could repent...."

Nane's face crumpled in sadness.

"I wouldn't have to close the world."

"No! Rather, kill me...."

"Destroy."

When the sermon was activated, Gartas' flesh burst with a bang and scattered into the world of eternal nothingness.

The demons who realized the advent of Buddha scattered in all directions, and Shura, who had finished the battle, approached.

"He's still breathing."

Bakgi lifted his head with difficulty.

"Buddha...."

As if Nane was listening, she brought her face close.

"What happens when I die.... Is there really nothing after death?"

"It's like waking up from sleep."

Nane's hand touched Bakgi's chest.

"It's just a dream. So don't be afraid. Once you open your eyes, you'll laugh remembering this moment."

"....Is that so?"

The corner of Bakgi's mouth, which had been trembling in pain, rose.

"I hope I wake up soon."

He, who closed his eyes with the most comfortable expression in the world, probably wouldn't fall into hell.

Nane, who prayed for his soul with her hands together, lifted her eyelids and looked around.

The landscape filled with corpses was similar to the hell seen in the underworld.

"There are no more survivors."

Shura thought this would be a comfort.

"Is that a good thing?"

But Nane asked back.

"Well, of course, war is terrible. Many lives suffer, and precious people disappear."

Nane clenched her chest.

"Oh."

Without knowing it, her mouth opened, and a scream burst from deep in her chest.

"Aaaaaah! Aaaaaah! Aaaaaah!"

The vibration of the sermon shook the sky, and Shura, who could not understand the meaning, just shivered her shoulders.

"My heart hurts."

Thinking of the pain of the sentient beings who fell into the world of demons, it felt like her heart was torn into a thousand, ten thousand pieces.
[Translated block]
"Even though I'm in so much pain, I......"

Nane looked back at Shura with a sad expression.

"I can't hold back my tears."

The irony of emptiness.

That's what Nane was wondering about.
[Translated block]