


[507] Backlash of Evil (1)

After confirming that Satiel had flown away, Ikael saved Shirone.

She was bent over with her waist bent and her arms stretched out.

She was standing, but her mind seemed to be lying down, and there was no gun in her eyes.

"Shirone."

Ikael flew slowly toward Shirone, who was collapsing.

But before she arrived, someone ran over and grabbed Shirone.

It was Flue, who had been unable to stand in front of the battle that transcended human limits.

"Shirone! Wake up, Shirone!"

Flue slapped Shirone's cheek on his knee, but he didn't move like a corpse.

The huge flash of the photon cannon was so intense that even Flue, who had been out of the battlefield, felt like he was seeing it in front of him.

He didn't know how they had increased their power to that point, but the sure thing was that there was no reward without a price in the world of magic.

When Shirone showed no signs of regaining consciousness, Flue finally turned his head and glared at Ikael.

"What happened? Why isn't Shirone waking up!"

Flue had no fear even in front of the archangel.

Her mind had reached the end of the gutter and there was nothing left but evil, but it also helped that Ikael didn't have any malice in his energy.

Rather, Ikael looked at Shirone with more worried eyes than anyone else.

'Shirone......'

His mind had already shattered into pieces when he cast Ataraxia into the physical world.

But he postponed the mental explosion by reaching the state of prajna.

If he had stopped there, maybe there would have been a little hope.

"Shirone defeated Piel through Ica's judicial madness Valhalla Action. She is now paying the price for it."

"Valhalla Action?"

Flue looked back at Shirone with surprised eyes.

Judging by the size of the last photon cannon, the price Shirone had to pay was unimaginable.

"How long... do you have to be like this?"

Ikael shook his head.

No one knows anything except for the trigger that mediates the Akashic Records, Valhalla Action.

"I don't know, but it will be much longer than you think. 50 years, 100 years, maybe 200 years."

Flue's eyes were filled with irritation as he looked at Ikael.

Is that what you're saying as an angel?

"200 years? Shirone is human. Humans can't live that long. Then she shouldn't have been able to cast magic in the first place!"

That's true.

If you can't reach the result, the cause shouldn't exist in the first place.

But conversely, you can also say that because the calculation was possible to reach that result, the cause was established.

"Valhalla Action is just a trigger that mediates the Akashic Records. It is right that the cause should precede the result according to human common sense, but Valhalla Action reverses that logic. In this case, you have to think that the cause is possible because the result has come out."

It was still an angry word, but Flue was not a foolish magician either.

"Then what if Shirone dies when her life is over? Or what if she gets killed? The result has already come out, but how can the cause change?"

"I don't know. But that's the Akashic Records. The change of part to whole is meaningless. No matter how part changes, whole is always perfect. If Shirone dies, some change will happen somehow. But that's also meaningless to whole."

"God is indifferent無心, is that what you mean?"

Although Flue's god and Ikael's god were different concepts, Ikael nodded his head.

Only living things give meaning to things like death of a lover, incurable disease, or heinous crime.

To whole, Shirone's death is exactly the same weight as a pebble in a mountain rolling one wheel.
[Translated block]


```text
"That's right. And maybe... that might be one of the ways to get Shirone back."

Flu's eyes flashed.

"What do you mean?"

Ikael shook his head again.

Even an archangel wouldn't know what calculation Valhalla Action performed unless he knew what it was.

He just wanted to convey that it was a matter of that level.

"Unfortunately, it is beyond my capacity. But Shirone is human, so it is ultimately a human answer. Isn't it human to crave a solution even in despair?"

Flu tried to scream something, but closed her mouth and looked down at Shirone's face with a sullen expression.

Ikael was also equally miserable.

'It's a pity.'

Maybe... if he had worked hard in normal time, Shirone would have found a way to suppress Piel in less than 10 years.

Shirone, whom Ikael looked at, had that much potential.

But there is no assumption in the Akashic Record.

That's why Valhalla Action also calculated the time when Shirone could absolutely reach that level and demanded it as a price.

It is difficult for human life to exceed 100 years, but it is not impossible.

In fact, there are countless people in Shehakim who are over a thousand years old.

"First of all, there is no need to worry. You have reached the state of prajna and prevented the explosion. Valhalla Action cannot make the debtor of desire insolvent (moratorium)."

At least he wouldn't die, Flu put his worries down for now.

It wasn't easy, but there were other worries that were mountains right now.

"Huh!"

At that moment, she reached some thought and looked back at Ikael and said.

It felt like quite a bit of time had passed by sensation.

It may already be too late, and she shouted with anxiety.

"It's a big deal! God's punishment...!"

Ikael, who was on edge with Shirone, also hurriedly looked up at the sky.

Her eyes were shocked as she looked up at the sky.

"Oh no...."

* * *

Gaold was surrounded by fallen angels and attacked like prey.

He was already unconscious and only waving his hand, and angels with fierce eyes repeated attacks and retreats around him, cutting off his breath little by little.

It wasn't just to torment Gaold that they devised such a strategy.

It was fear.

The memory of invading Lakiya and slaughtering countless fallen angels and Mara made him hesitate to approach Gaold.

But Kangnan's feelings watching the scene from the wall were torn apart by thousands of pieces.

"Uaaaaa!"

The more she did, the more she poured her strength into breaking her wrist.

Squeak! Squeak!

She screamed like a scream and swung her arm, and the palm bones broke little by little.

Divine Transcendence-Yacha.

Uriel defined Kangnan's condition as such.

Those who burn their will with the power of anger and change the law of flesh.

Gaold's pain soaked into Kangnan's anger and made his will stronger.

Squeak! Squeak!

Finally, all the palm bones broke and Kangnan's broken fist came out of <Jachung>.

She had been suffering from pain all night long, but it was hard to take a step with her body, but Kangnan cried out sadly and fell under the wall.

She fell to the ground in an ambiguous state between landing and falling, crawled for a while, then got up again and walked toward Gaold.

"Mister... Mister..."

"Kraaaak! Kraaaak!"

Gaold waved his hand without even knowing that Kangnan was approaching him.

Consciousness, memory, thought, already flew away.

What moved him was only the flash of pain called darkness.

He twisted his body following that light and grabbed his hand. It seemed like his stomach was turning upside down.

"Misteriiii..."

Kangnan dropped his two broken fists weakly and approached.
```
[Translated block]


"It's okay to love Miro. It's okay if you don't come to me."

He knew what he was fighting for.

"It's okay if you don't know how hard I've been. So......"

Gangnan hugged Gaold's waist.

Then, surprisingly, Gaold's flailing, which had lost his reason, stopped.

"So......"

Gangnan lifted his head with tears pouring out.

"Don't be hurt. I'll fight for you, please don't be hurt."

"Now!"

As Gaold's excitement subsided, the fallen angels plucked up their courage and rushed in all at once.

If they didn't get rid of him now, they didn't know how long they would have to face him until his blood ran dry.

The moment Gangnan shuddered his shoulder and glared at the approaching enemies, a weak but clear voice came from above his head.

"Puppy......"

"Mister!"

Gangnan looked back at Gaold with surprised eyes.

His face was so weak that he could be called a corpse compared to before he came to heaven, but he still had a handsome smile on his face.

"Are you okay? Are you conscious?"

"......Take good care of the house."

Gangnan burst into tears.

He had crawled up to say this even in a situation where his mind had fallen into hell.

From the deep and deep abyss, he pulled out the last thing to see himself.

"Don't go, mister! Don't leave me alone!"

"Execute the enemy of heaven! Finish it at once!"

Gaold turned his head and grinned grotesquely at the fallen angels who were flying over.

A billion times the pain? 10 billion times? 100 billion, 1 trillion times?

'What do I care?'

"No! Mister! Don't do that!"

"Pain is......"

Gaold stroked Gangnan's head as he looked down at her.

As if he wanted to engrave his voice directly into her head.

"It's just a sensation."

Air pressing.

Peeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

The moment a sound that was so full and heavy that it had no shape exploded, the ground shook as if an earthquake had occurred.

And there was nothing left.

"Aaaaaah! Aaaaaah!"

Gangnan cried out in Gaold's arms, who had cast magic and knelt down.

He looked peaceful with a smile on his face and his eyes closed, but the price he had to pay for showing that one smile was a deep hell of fire.

"Aaaaaah! Mister!"

Uriel, who was left on the wall, watched him with his arms crossed.

The last understanding of humans that he had to follow Cariel around and check as if it was his duty.

'Is that...... human?'

In the end, Gaold erased Lachia.

One human being swept away all the fallen angels and their Mara.

'The insane obsession of humans that knows no end.'

Gaold is neither Banja nor Yacha.

That's why that's not all of humans.

But that was, surely, an extreme of something that humans have.

'Should I get rid of it now?'

Uriel summoned Gwakrakon.

"......"

And he took in the miserable sight of Mongol, who had lost everything after fighting countless enemies.

-Stop the activity of angels.

Ra's command that he couldn't understand at first.

But now Uriel knew exactly how things were going.

'It would be better to get rid of it as soon as possible.'

On the other hand, he also wanted to leave it as it is.

The opportunity of Phineas that the troops in Lachia mobilized and obtained.

But that was a way that did not suit Uriel, the archangel of destruction at all.

Kukukukukukukukuku!

As Uriel spread his wings of light, the wall shook.

"Satan."

The strongest enemy in heaven right now.

Uriel, who slowly rose above the wall, turned into a flash and flew to the center of Jebul.

"Aaaaaah! Aaaaaah!"

Gangnan's scream seeped into the silence of Lachia.
[Translated block]