


[708] 19,000 Worlds (2)

* * *

The Arctic.

In the middle of the endless ice field, an ivory tower soared towards the sky.

It was a quiet place where stars, except for the five great ones, spent their lives purely pursuing academic studies, but today the atmosphere was different.

'How strange.'

In front of the elevator leading to the Earth Shrine, Araka, the chief executive officer of the inner palace, stroked his beard and was lost in thought.

'All the stars staying in the ivory tower have been summoned.'

It was the first time in 29 years that Taesung had summoned the stars of each department, not a private interview.

"Long time no see, Mr. Araka."

The first to arrive was Arte, a three-star resident of the Balance Department, who belonged to the Ghost Goblin clan.

"Have you arrived, Star of Wisdom?"

Arte was dressed neatly and waved a fan with paper attached.

Since satellites were excluded from the observer qualification, Tokei was not visible.

"It's an unusual event, gathering so many people like this."

"Oh? Mr. Arte was here too?"

Tsuo Yatsuoi, a two-star resident of the System Inspection Department and a member of the Star Night clan, walked along the corridor that was smooth like a mirror.

"Yes. I arrived yesterday."

The number of stars varied depending on the situation, but there was no hierarchy defined within the ivory tower anyway.

"Then do you know what's going on? Personally, this is the first time I've seen stars being summoned."

Arte said, folding his fan with a thud.

"If it's recent, it's when a giant meteorite was predicted to collide with the planet. The five great ones did block it, but...."

It was a fact that most of humanity did not know.

"Hmm, a giant meteorite. What could be comparable to that?"

"I think it has something to do with the altar. It's probably not unrelated to La Enemy's current state."

A dull voice came from the corridor.

"Hehe, unlucky stars have all gathered here."

A man wearing blue clothes from the East and yellow talismans covering his face without any gaps walked over.

Ivory Tower three-star resident Heukgangsi clan.

Nickname Law Student.

He belonged to the Law Department and managed the flow of all laws in the world. He was also a master of Hwasin-sul who sealed himself.

Arte said coldly.

"Unlucky is your opinion. It is an honor for Taesung to find us."

"Kekke! Is that so? Well, I don't care about each other's judgments, but are ghost goblins afraid of Taesung?"

Arte's fan snapped shut.

"Words that ridicule others ultimately come from your own head. If your thoughts are that far, maybe it applies to you."

"......"

Heukgangsi was silent, but a battle of murderous intent more terrifying than any war raged between the two.

Tsuo Yatsuoi didn't care, but Araka sweated profusely as if his age of 117 was meaningless.

'That's why they shouldn't get together.'

Because they were people who had pushed their opinions beyond stubbornness to extremes, there was a high probability that a major accident would occur if a collision occurred.

"I'm late. Hello. Nice to meet you."

A woman who bent her waist backwards and crossed her feet in front of her shoulders crawled like a spider.

Her black hair dragged on the ground, her pale face had no eyebrows or eyelashes, and her lips were flesh-colored and indistinguishable from her skin.

Ivory Tower two-star resident Morai Borbor clan.

Nickname Mollusk.

It wasn't just because her body was flexible that she was called a mollusk.

She belonged to the Balance Department and had no opinion as her opinion. She was also a master of mental magic with transcendent mental flexibility that could even resonate with microbes.

Tsuo Yatsuoi blinked and asked.

"What? Borbor was here too? I heard you went south? Did you solve the demon terrorist incident?"

"No, that's......"

A voice came from Borbor's head.

"I told you to come."

If you looked closely, there was a woman the size of a human thumb sitting on Borbor's hair and holding it.

Her face was so small that she couldn't tell what she looked like unless she looked closely, but she was definitely beautiful.
[Translated block]


```text
Ivory Tower 2-star resident, Castle Truelve Mini.

Nickname is Super Giant.

A resident of the Unified Space Management Department, she majored in scale magic and was a lonely girl who hung out with Borbor whenever she had time.

Tsuoi frowned and looked down at Mini.

"What if I tell you to give up on the mission and come?"

"It's okay. Borbor said it was okay."

"No, that's not it. Borbor is anyone who asks...."

Mini hugged Borbor's head.

"And we're best friends. Right, Borbor?"

"Huh? Oh, yeah. We're best friends."

Mini smiled happily at the satisfactory answer and looked up at Arte and waved her hand.

"You're still cool, Mr. Arte. Do you want to be with me?"

Arte, who had been fighting with Heukgangsi and Ki until then, spread his fan and covered his face.

"I'll pass. I don't want to drown."

He replied and turned his gaze to Araka.

"It looks like everyone is here at this number? Let's go."

"What if you leave me out? Tae Sung will be disappointed?"

Everyone turned their heads and a white-haired old man in a suit came up with a pipe in his mouth.

It was not only that he had trimmed his beard neatly, but also that he was not wearing the outfit he had seen in his dreams that caught the attention of the residents.

"Mr. Luber too...?"

"He called me specially. It must be an important matter."

Ivory Tower 4-star resident, Luber.

Nickname is Mongin.

He belongs to the Unified Space Management Department, but he is originally from Dreamoi and is currently managing human dreams.

'What the hell is going on that they need a 4-star resident?'

Arte watched Luber over the fan and sank into thought, and Heukgangsi also felt that this time was serious.

Borbor raised his head and said.

"Let's go up now. Are you all here? Hello?"

"Not yet... It looks like one more person is coming."

Luber turned his head and a brain of human size was floating in the air.

It was just a brain, and so was its name.

"...."

Ivory Tower 4-star resident, Castle Brain.

Nickname is someone's unknown brain.

He belongs to the Human Safety Enforcement Department, but he appears in various forms through illusion magic, but no one has ever talked to him.

When Brain cast a magic spell, a woman with a forehead revealed her appearance.

"You only change pretty when I'm there."

Mini grumbled, but Brain didn't even answer and just walked toward the elevator.

Luber said.

"Now we're all here. Please tell Tae Sung."

Araka was not young either, but he was not comparable to Mongin's time.

'It's a relief that Mr. Luber came.'

If it was Mongin who controlled dreams, even 3-star residents would not be able to show disobedience in front of Tae Sung.

"Tae Sung, the stars are asking for an appearance."

While waiting for the call, Tsuoi asked.

"If it's as big as an asteroid collision, is it really because of the altar?"

Heukgangsi shook his head.

"It's not urgent right now. There's no big movement from the Shirohui side either. I think it's probably because of the Ivory Tower test."

Mini said.

"Are you talking about me?"

Borbor raised his eyes.

"I'm dangerous. Swordsmanship is also great. But is that as serious as an asteroid collision?"

"It could be more serious."

Arte said.

"It's much faster than we expected. If you keep this speed, you'll break away before you take the test."

Tsuoi stroked his chin.

"Maybe... because of Shirone?"

Mongin Luber turned his head as if reacting, and Mini raised one eyebrow and said.

"Hexa is also a problem that cannot be overlooked, but isn't it bigger than me?"

"There was a rumor that Tae Sung was the one who voted for Shirone. Of course it was a ceremonial vote...."
```
[Translated block]


"Hey, that's not it. Honestly, I'm not even sure if I can handle myself. You're not a comparison."

Until recently, Tzuoi thought so too.

"I felt something when I met Shirone this time...."

Before the words were finished, a beam of light fell on the elevator and the stars disappeared.

* * *

People's screams echoed in the labyrinth.

"Please calm down! The Andre Tourism Division operates a counter-terrorism unit and is supported by the Ministry of Land Management...!"

The guide tried to calm them down, but the people who had lost their reason in fear ran to the exit without looking back.

"Lian, get ready. We won't be able to stop them."

Even the counter-terrorism unit would be helpless against the Maga Thieves, who were in the S-class position in the Cassian Empire, which was the largest in the world.

Kido said.

"Are you okay? You have to open the door and enter at the same time, right? The spirit zone has to be maintained, doesn't it? You have to leave your body behind."

The possibility of the mind being intact in a state of proliferation to 19,000 people was close to zero.

"Shirone will be fine. I'll stay too."

Lian drew his sword and listened to the sound of battle coming from afar.

"Go. I'll protect this place. Break the seal."

He could trust Lian.

"I'll leave it to you. Kido, be careful too."

Shirone flew into the depths of the labyrinth and the guide reached out and shouted.

"Where are you going? There's a secret passage over here!"

"We're not going out!"

The guide made a dumbfounded expression when he heard the absurd answer and looked at Lian and Kido.

"You're not going out either? The thieves are breaking in!"

Kido, who had dragged all the water bottles dropped by the tourists, drank water with a gulp and waved his hand.

"You run away. The seal of the labyrinth will be broken soon. Then you'll know what hell is."

"...You're crazy."

He thought they were definitely crazy and ran towards the secret passage as Lian looked at the situation in front of the exit.

"They're pretty good. There doesn't seem to be many stragglers."

Nearly 40 Maga Thieves had quickly defeated the counter-terrorism unit and were running towards Andre.

"The Tenro Society, did that woman come too?"

Lian frowned at Kido, who was constantly turning the cap of the water bottle.

"Why are you drinking so much? How are you going to fight with your stomach rolling?"

"Huh? Oh, sorry."

Kido walked over with his tongue sticking out like a puppy and Lian felt something different from usual.

"What's wrong? Do you have a problem?"

"No, nothing. I'm just a little thirsty. Maybe it's because we crossed the desert."

He said so, but his heart was different.

'It's strange. Why am I so thirsty?'

No matter how much water he drank, his thirst was not quenched.

'I'm really going crazy. I want to drink more.'

Like a fish that had burst its belly, or like a parched land that craved for nature's rainwater.

"They're coming, Kido."

As he stood next to Lian, he saw the Maga Thieves covered in sand heading towards them.

"They don't seem tired either. Can we do it? Shirone said at least seven days, right?"

They had to stop the Maga Thieves for seven days.

"We don't have to go that far. I'll cut them off."

"What are you talking about? That woman is a monster...."

Kido's eyes widened.

Lian was emitting a terrifying aura of defiance that he had never seen before.

'This guy, he's serious?'

Lian's divine transcendence was powerful even on normal days, but....

'I'll definitely protect you, Shirone.'

No one could match his divine transcendence - Dinae when he was protecting Shirone.

"Let's goooooo!"

Divine Transcendence - Dinae.

The will to deny the law rushed in like Mach speed and Lian's body flew towards Baknyeo.
[Translated block]