


```
[276] 1. Adversarial Friendship (5)

"Equivalent exchange of luck and misfortune?"

"No. It's not a problem of the object, but a problem of humans. The first owner of <Everyday Gift> was a shoemaker who lived in the lower class. He must have made a lot of money. But he couldn't overcome his obsession. He became extremely depressed on the days when he got a modest gift. Those days were 75 out of 100 days. Eventually, he developed a mental illness and went crazy while spinning the roulette all day."

It was a phenomenon that occurred when humans became addicted to probability.

In fact, people who became addicted to gambling and hit rock bottom did not gamble to make money. What they wanted was the pleasure of winning in a probability fight, and money was just a tool to get it.

"So time passed and <Everyday Gift> fell into the hands of a nobleman. He wasn't the type who only looked at the roulette because he lacked money. But one day he won the miracle. And..."

"And?"

Woorin stuck out her lips as she imagined the situation at that time.

"His family went bankrupt."

"Bankrupt? Why?"

"If you hit the miracle, you get an object. The object that the nobleman received was a small stone called <Nemesis>, which makes the user's imagination appear in reality within a radius of 20 meters when it touches it. The nobleman who got <Nemesis> was immersed in his imagination every day. You know that too, right? That thing, human desire..."

Woorin licked her tongue and snapped her index finger as if it was embarrassing to say.

Sirone understood immediately. He also didn't think that it was necessarily bad.

It was natural for humans to have desires and balance them with reality through imagination.

The problem was when that imagination became reality.

"Anyway, that's how he went bankrupt. And <Nemesis> left to find a new owner. It's still very popular among maniacs. But it doesn't seem to last long. There were cases where it came back to the auction house in a month. Of course, it's true that the object is dangerous. But that's a human problem, not an object problem. In fact, most of the owners of <Everyday Gift> lived comfortably."

Then Sirone had nothing to say. But his mood got stranger.

If it wasn't particularly dangerous, what was the object? Why were these things roaming around the world?

Sirone turned his eyes to <Everyday Gift>.

It was like a goose that laid golden eggs for collectors, as the object gave birth to objects.

But on the other hand, he felt terribly destructive. If there was no limit to object production, the world would be doomed sooner or later, even if not now.

When he expressed his thoughts, Woorin agreed to some extent.

"That's possible too. Even if not in our generation. But it'll be okay. Objects are not more durable than other things. They can only be damaged over time. The most dangerous thing among the objects that came out by hitting the miracle is <Nemesis>. Curia Auction classifies <Nemesis> as A-class. <Everyday Gift> is also A-class. Maybe they can't give gifts above their grade."

Curia was a world-renowned auction company, which he had heard from Nade before.

But Sirone was more interested in something else.

<Everyday Gift> couldn't give out gifts above its own grade. It sounded plausible at first glance, but it didn't make sense.

"How is that possible? The grade is determined by the auction company, but there's no way the object knows the criteria. Isn't it a coincidence? Even though it's been 240 years, the frequency of hitting miracles is low. And considering the probability of getting A-class, there's not enough data to make statistics."

"That could be true, but..."

Woorin didn't affirm or deny it, but just let her words slip away vaguely. Sirone's thoughts were reasonable, but once you own more than 40 objects personally, you tend to get new information that ordinary people can't access.
```
[Translated block]
How is my translation? Did I do well?
[Translated block]


```
There was also an object called <Soulless Massage>. It was a pair of stones with red and blue colors, and they had the function of relaxing the muscles by contracting the painful parts when held in both hands.

It felt quite refreshing when Shirone tried it herself. She felt a pleasant sensation as her arms, legs, shoulders, ankles, and feet were massaged at the same time. It was so good that she almost lost consciousness. Even though she couldn't feel the warmth of a human, the effect was the best.

'So this is <Soulless Massage>? This is probably a D-grade object.'

Shirone's eyes widened as she thought that far.

The names of the objects she had encountered so far. And the grades that even an outsider like her could judge. These two facts were telling her the secret of the objects.

'I see. The objects are...'

<Daily Gift> does not give objects above A-grade. But for that <rule> to hold, one of two hypotheses had to be followed.

Either the objects knew the standards of the auction company, or the objects had a fixed value.

The answer was the latter.

The objects had their own value from the moment they were born. Because their functions were all directly linked to human desires.

They were too purposeful to be considered natural objects, which meant they were artificial products of an intelligent being.

The desire to be beautiful, the desire to gain knowledge, the desire to receive gifts every day, the desire to make imagination into reality.

In that sense, <Nemesis>, which fulfilled the highest desire of animalistic nature, deserved an A-grade rating no matter what anyone said.

'Then what is S-grade?'

The fact that <Daily Gift> does not give anything above A-grade meant that there was S-grade.

Shirone also thought that was likely. Humans had not only animalistic desires but also higher-dimensional aspirations.

If <Nemesis>, the peak of animalistic desire, was A-grade, then S-grade was likely to be an object with rational ambition.

'Hehe. I think I have a clue.'

Shirone was lost in thought for a long time, and Uorin smiled contentedly. This was why she collected objects.

On the other hand, Zion's heart burned.

It was the first time Uorin kept someone else in the gallery for so long besides VIP members of Curia Auction.

'How dare that brat...'

To Zion, Uorin was more than a sister. She was his strongest weapon. More than the royal blood that flowed through his veins.

'Why? What's so special about that bastard?'

Shirone looked at other items quickly without knowing Zion's boiling emotions.

Now that she looked at it, it was an incredible wealth. Most of the objects lined up along the shelves were C-grade or B-grade, but occasionally A-grade ones caught her eye.

It was a luxury that even a royal family could not afford. She could guess how powerful Uorin was, who was a direct descendant of Teraje.

Shirone looked over all the items on the east shelf and moved her gaze to the north. But there was nothing there except for a single sword on display.

"Huh? Uorin, what's that sword?"

"That's <Magic Sword Arman>. It's Zion's favorite object."

Zion's favorite object, who considered gold as nothing. It didn't look very fancy.

It wasn't covered with colorful jewels or even had a scabbard. But it had a strange charm that captivated people. It seemed to have subtle differences in design that ordinary people couldn't distinguish.

But such an evaluation disappeared as soon as she saw the gem embedded in the center of the hilt. She felt an overwhelming presence that she couldn't take her eyes off.

As if Arman was calling her, her feet moved on their own. By the time she came to her senses, she had already reached the north wall.

She slowly reached out to grab the handle of the sword, but Zion shouted.

"That's mine! Don't touch it."

Shirone stepped back in surprise, but Zion's distorted expression didn't show any signs of easing.
```
[Translated block]


```
<Dark Sword Armand> is a <contract-type> object that binds to the user. But it has such a strong presence that sometimes it reaches out to other users.

The exact <guidelines> for choosing a user have not been revealed yet, but it was an unpleasant thing that it tempted another person in the presence of its owner.

Shirone came to her senses and asked Zion.

"Ah, sorry. I didn't mean to. But this is S-class, right?"

"What do you care? You can't even afford a waste-class. Get away from my sword quickly. How dare a bastard like you touch the royal family's masterpiece?"

Shirone turned away with a frown. She didn't have such a low self-esteem that she would be interested in <Dark Sword Armand> even after hearing such words.

Zion, who was watching her, changed his mind. Maybe it was a good thing after all? It would be nice to show the gap between the royal family and the mountain people on this occasion.
```

Is this translation good enough for you?
[Translated block]