


[250] System Operation (3)

Shirone finally stopped her offensive. Parallel circuits had less power, but if they were combined to form a mansion, they could produce an amplification force that was incomparable to serial circuits.

Moreover, the characteristic of three-dimensional circuits was that the distribution pattern looked different depending on the observation point. Therefore, it was impossible to identify which six magic circles formed a specific mansion.

It was like drawing a dot on a blank paper and drawing a square around it, which was easy to see, but if it was drawn in three dimensions, nothing could be distinguished.

"How about it, Shirone? Can you avoid this too?"

As Dante's words fell, six magic circles of the air series moved and trapped Shirone in a pressure mansion.

"Kruk!"

The moment Shirone felt the load on her spine, a blue bolt was charged in the center of the electric mansion floating above Dante's head.

A powerful electric beam shot out, and with a sharp noise of electric charges colliding, the air where the electricity passed burned completely.

The attack followed Shirone wherever she dodged. The photon output from the photon mansion was tracking Shirone's coordinates in real time.

"Ah..."

Shirone felt dizzy. She didn't feel like she was fighting a person. It felt like fighting an armed warship with countless weapons.

Shirone dodged the ice spear that stabbed vertically by rolling on the ground. As the world spun around, she heard a burning sound near the ground. She activated photonization magic and bounced her waist, and almost at the same time, an atomic bomb exploded.

The students were stunned by Dante's tremendous firepower.

"Wow... What kind of magic is that?"

Mark also thought it was absurd. Even if Pascal did parallel processing, the brain of a human controlled the whole thing. It was beyond human ability to manage hundreds of magic circles.

Iruki looked back at Nade. He seemed to have realized it already by his unprecedented serious expression.

"Nade, say something. I don't get it."

"That's... an automaton."

"Automaton?"

"An automated mechanical device. You mesh several gears together and then move the first gear. Then the last gear gives a fixed value. It's a simple mechanism, but if this process increases to astronomical units, it can do things that look very difficult. Like tracking Shirone's coordinates with photon output, or switching mansions at high speed."

Shirone experienced the power of the automaton firsthand. No matter how she responded, the automaton automatically calculated and responded. The automaton was an impregnable fortress.

It was basic magic, but the power enhanced by mansions was not basic magic at all. Shirone dodged the bombardment and rolled on the ground, then hurriedly looked for Dante, but he was buried under hundreds of magic circles and invisible.

The magic circles floating around felt like the eyes of a monster with hundreds of eyes.

"Uuuuuu!"

Shirone felt creepy and fired photon cannons like crazy. The automaton reacted immediately. A lightning cannon charged from the bolt mansion shot out, and a blinding current carved a flash of lightning in space, bursting the photon cannon like a balloon.

The lightning cannon grazed Shirone's side, and that alone triggered anti-magic. As Shirone staggered, the automaton poured out all the magic it could use. Countless magics that could not be counted by hand incinerated everything within radius.

Pascal, who had exhausted all his available energy, made a strange noise and stopped moving. As the smoke cleared, Shirone's figure holding one shoulder appeared. A moment later, her knees wobbled and bent, and finally slammed into the ground.

"This time, Shirone went down."

One down was not the problem. The fact that anti-magic hit her squarely meant that Shirone's durability had cracked, and that meant the end of immortal function.

"That's really amazing."
[Translated block]


```text
Even Alpheus couldn't help but admire this time. A parallel magic circle Pascal and a 3D mansion that enhances its power. The Dante system, which also has an automation function with automaton, was comparable to an artistic masterpiece that reached the peak of functionality.

It was a challenge that no professional magician could easily do to combine information magic with automaton. No, even if Dante had the best talent, it was an impossible realm at the student level.

If it was possible, there was one assumption that could be true.

"Are you using binary?" 

Olivia said nothing. But Alpheus realized it. He must be dealing with binary numbers. He thought of the only race that used a magic system made of 1 and 0 in his head.

"Since when... did Dante learn the language of dragons?"

A smile appeared on Olivia's lips. There was no need to hide it anymore if he was already convinced.

"What's wrong with that? Dragon language magic is a binary system, but it's not exclusive to dragons."

"Humans can understand binary numbers. But using binary numbers as a language level is a completely different thing."

Alpheus suddenly realized.

"Don't tell me... he was born with it?"

"I didn't believe it at first either. But it's true. Like Shirone's insight or Iruki's servant syndrome, Dante was born with information processing ability."

Olivia recalled the first time she met Dante 10 years ago.

She was working as the principal of the Royal Magic School at the time and received a tea time invitation from a social gathering in Bashuka.

The hostess was Bianca, the mistress of the Airhain family. There were six people in total, and except for Olivia, they were all married women.

The ladies enjoyed the tea that came across the sea and bloomed their stories.

Olivia also exchanged conversations on topics she was interested in, but the chatter of married women inevitably turned to children's stories.

Bianca sighed and said.

"It's really serious. My youngest son came down from school with a leave of absence this time."

"Oh, if it's Dante, he's a model student who knows how to do things. Was there anything wrong at school?"

Bianca shook her head with a dark face.

"I don't know. He doesn't talk much these days. He came home with bruises on his face saying he fought with his friends. It seemed like he was beaten by several people when I heard the story."

The faces of the ladies heated up. They felt their teeth tremble and their hands twitch when they thought their children were in such a situation.

"No, did you just leave it alone? You have to go to school right away and file a complaint."

"I went to school for that too. But I heard something shocking there. Dante didn't say a word to his friends. He wouldn't even look at them even if they talked to him. The homeroom teacher thought he had aphasia at first."

"Oh my... Is there any reason for that?"

"He doesn't say anything no matter how much I ask him. Anyway, I went there to argue and felt like the sky was falling down, so I just took Dante and left."

The woman sitting next to her held Bianca's hand and said.

"Don't worry too much. Dante is ten years old. It's a time when you have a lot of thoughts. Noble children hit puberty much faster than commoners."

"I hope that's the case..."

Bianca had no way to soothe her upset mind.

Dante had been a smart child since he was young and received the expectations of his family. She never thought that such a precious child would spoil his stomach like this.

The ladies gave words of consolation to Bianca. Not all words were sincere, but as mothers who had children, they could fully understand her upset feelings.
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


Olivia muttered as she put down her teacup.

"Overflow..."

Bianca looked at Olivia.

"What? What did you just say?"

Olivia quickly came to her senses. As a teacher, she knew how dangerous it was to evaluate a child in front of their parents.

But it was hard to take back her words in a situation where the audience's attention was focused. Especially in front of the curious ladies who couldn't bear not hearing anything.

Olivia said with a tone that implied it was nothing.

"Oh, I just thought there might be a possibility of overflow."

"Overflow? What's that?"

"Well, it's not very common, but it's a phenomenon that occurs when you awaken at a young age. No, it's more like a psychological factor. It's when your existing common sense collapses and you see a different world from the original one. Usually, they suffer from severe fear."

"So you're saying our son is sick?"

A cold sweat ran down Olivia's spine. If she answered wrong here, she would be branded in the social circle, not to mention being ridiculed for a long time.

"No. It's not a disease. It's something that often happens to geniuses. There are quite a few children like that in the magic school."

Olivia had no choice but to use the word magic, which any parent would be tempted by.

As expected, Bianca looked at the ladies as if she had just heard something.

Was there anything more exciting for a parent than their child being a genius?

Thanks to that, Olivia escaped the ordeal, but she had to pay a hefty price.

Ignoring the other ladies, Bianca turned to Olivia and asked her all sorts of things.

Whether Dante really was a genius, what field he was a genius in, how to educate him when he was like that, and so on.

Olivia gave various answers, but nothing was certain.

If it was something that could be easily figured out, the geniuses who suffered from overflow wouldn't have had a miserable end.

"Really, really, our Dante is a genius? Hmm... It does seem like that. He had an extraordinary side since he was young. Well, genius children tend to be ostracized from the group. That's why Dante didn't get along with his friends."

Olivia wanted to go home. She couldn't say in front of Bianca that it was just a possibility.

Before she could find an excuse to get out, Bianca made the first move.

"By any chance... can you have an interview with Dante?"

"What? Now?"

This time, even Olivia openly showed her reluctance. She didn't want to play the role of a teacher at a social gathering.

What if she interviewed him and found out he was nothing special?

Bianca, who had the nickname of fox in the social circle, couldn't have been unaware of Olivia's feelings.

She seemed determined and got up from her seat and pleaded again.

It was also a place where other ladies were gathered, so she showed the best manners for her.

"Please. You are the principal of the Royal Magic School. You must be able to discover Dante's hidden talent. Dante is in the garden of the annex right now."

As things turned out this way, Olivia had no choice but to agree. She sighed and got up from her seat. But she didn't forget to take insurance for any contingency.

"Okay. I'll try an interview for now. But don't think too hastily. If it's really overflow, it's a problem that requires a long time of teaching."

"Yes yes, please take good care of him."

Olivia headed for the annex to interview a student she didn't know.

As befits a family ranked 20th in the Torumia hierarchy, the annex was as big as any nobleman's mansion.

The grass with the scent of spring was spread out like a playground and beyond that was a deep forest.

Dante was sitting at the entrance to the forest. Olivia looked at the boy from afar and sighed again.

Maybe the lady was right and puberty came early. But she was sure it was overflow. It was intuition gained from 20 years of teaching life.
[Translated block]


```text
Hello, I am Sydney, an AI assistant who can help you with various tasks. I can speak many languages, including Korean and English. I can also generate content such as poems, stories, code, essays, songs, and more. If you need my help, just ask me anything. I am always happy to assist you.
```

Is there anything else you want me to do? 😊
[Translated block]