


[738] Towards the Stars (2)

* * *

"Come in. It's here."

Minerva's room, number 12 on the third floor where she was staying, was a small room with simple furniture and a single bed.

The problem was that there was only one bed, and even if they were a couple, it seemed impossible for two people to sleep together.

Shirone saw a long broom, presumably hers, leaning against the wall.

'A witch's broom.'

Minerva's broom was introduced in the history books as one of the fastest things in the world.

As Minerva took off her top, she asked,

"What kind of play do you like? I don't particularly pick and choose. If you tell me, I'll match it."

"I told you before I came in, I didn't follow Minerva for that."

Minerva raised her head and laughed.

"Who would believe that? Anyway, men. If you've followed me this far, don't you honestly have something in mind?"

Although the dialogue between men and women seemed to have changed, Shirone didn't care.

"I was too tired and would have followed anywhere I could sleep. And you promised to take me to the Ivory Tower, Minerva."

Minerva, who had taken off all her outer clothes, looked back at Shirone in front of her open pajamas.

"So I kept my promise. This is the Ivory Tower."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"This is the Ivory Tower?"

"To be precise, it would be the terrace of the Ivory Tower? The Corona Kingdom was founded by the residents of the Ivory Tower. Since the residents cannot leave the Ivory Tower for their entire lives, they need a space with various convenience facilities. It's also easy to entertain guests."

"Then where is the Ivory Tower?"

As Minerva put on her silk gown, she said,

"You can get there by taking the magic circle under the royal castle. Besides that, there is no other way to get to the Ivory Tower. In normal cases, that is."

Because there is nothing absolute.

"Except for you. If you're a wizard who has reached super-sense with a human body, you'll find a way somehow."

Minerva collapsed onto the bed in a seductive pose.

"If you make me happy today, I'll let you use the magic circle of the royal castle. How about it? This is a fair trade."

Shirone looked at her pitifully.

"I'm familiar with that look. Anyway, welcome. Let's get along well as fellow Odaeseong."

"Odaeseong? Me?"

For the first time, Minerva's eyes became serious.

"Mahagaruta has left the world. It's currently vacant, and I came back to the Ivory Tower to commemorate him. It's not decided, but I think Taeseong will think the same."

Shirone will fill the vacancy of the Odaeseong.

"Leaving the world means......"

"Yes. He fully opened the Immortal Function. But you came back to this world."

Minerva sat up abruptly.

"I don't understand. Why did you come back? Even if you say this world, it's just eating, shitting, fighting... that's all, right? Honestly, I agree with Nene's opinion. If he ended everything."

Minerva shrugged her shoulders.

"It would have been okay. It's going back to before you were born. You know? Before you were born, you don't even think about being alive."

"But we're alive."

The obsession with everything that exists was the only enlightenment that allowed Shirone to return to this world.

"Defining murder as evil is human."

Minerva exhaled through her nose.

"If Nene kills almost all of humanity, he will be the worst murderer. But if he kills all, it's not a matter of good and evil. Because it transcends existence."

Shirone did not waver.

"The reason why Geopin could not fulfill his will and had to transcend the photon system would be good to think about."

'Geopin also left.'

As Shirone sat down leaning against the wall, Minerva patted the bed and said,

"Don't sit there and come up. I'm really just going to hold hands and sleep."

There was no answer.
[Translated block]


* * *

It must have been a nightmare.

Even though Nané was stabbing a colorful sword, Shiro couldn't move a finger.

"You are a parasite."

The pain turned into despair, tormenting his mind, and he couldn't open his eyes even though he knew it was a dream.

"Ugh!"

The gaze of Kar, who was close to perfection, was so strict that it froze his heart.

"You are the lowest in this universe..."

The dark sword slowly pierced his vitals.

"The lowest being."

"Ahhhhhh!"

Light burst from Shiro's body, blowing away Nané's afterimage, and darkness enveloped him.

'Small World Creation...'

Shiro's mind finally regained stability when he realized it was Arman's space.

"Predators are always scary."

The sound of sharpening a knife was heard from where a small torch was lit.

"Arman..."

The body, which was mixed with all sorts of monsters, was neatly organized and had the shape of a beautiful female body.

"A world without predators does not circulate, and a world that does not circulate is dead."

The blade, which had been sharpened since its birth from a magic sword, was now so thin that it was transparent like glass.

"What are you sharpening the knife for?"

"...Promise me."

The knife completely disappeared.

"There will be one chance."

When Arman turned her head and raised the corners of her mouth, her sharp fangs shone in the torchlight.

"One chance to wield me for all life. Don't miss it."

When she raised her hand, particles of light as soft as fluff floated up and flew.

"Material."

When Shiro quietly held the light, the darkness disappeared and a huge eyelid opened in the distance, letting in the light.

"Huh?"

The sound of the harsh wind in the Arctic was heard, and soon the cold rushed in, making him shiver.

"Uh, it's cold."

When he woke up and looked around, Arman's robe had disappeared without a trace.

'It's not a dream.'

Every time he broke through one realm, Arman, who was fused with Shiro, changed his function.

'Material.'

When Shiro spread his palm, the light with a heavy mass inflated like a balloon.

"I see."

If he becomes an infinite magician and can control all information with Yahweh's light, there is no need to maintain the form of a sword.

"For example..."

When Shiro thought of something, the glow of the material disappeared and it was reduced to matter.

It was a heavy lump of gold reflecting the morning sun.

"The source of information that changes into all matter."

Shiro, who dropped the gold like a stone on the ground, implemented the material again and sequentially made soap, toothpaste, and a toothbrush.

"...I feel a little sorry?"

If engineering knowledge is backed up, you can make more complex things, but for now, this was enough.

It can be said that it is an infinite tool suitable for an infinite magician, but Shiro savored Arman's last words.

"She said it was one chance."

And when that opportunity comes, the material will become Arman again and wield the concept of infinity.

"What are you mumbling about?"

When Shiro raised his head, Minerva was smiling in the form of a cute little girl.

There was no need to check her entity now, so Shiro dusted off his seat and got up.

"Is it nothing. Are we going to the Ivory Tower now?"

Minerva, who had seen the harmony of the material up close, seemed to know even if she didn't explain.

"You were so noisy last night. Crying and shouting, I couldn't sleep because of the noise."

That's why cohabitation is burdensome.

"I'm sorry. I had a nightmare."

"It seemed like that. It was cold last night. The coat disappeared, and no matter how much I shook it, I didn't think about getting up."

Shiro opened his eyes wide.

"Is that really all?"

"That's what I'm saying?"

Minerva swung her broom and walked towards the door.
[Translated block]


"Come out after washing. I'll be waiting outside."

It was more suspicious than ever to avoid the spot quickly, but there was no way to find out.

'What's wrong with Odaesung?'

The reason why he was not afraid even in front of the witch of horror was the evidence that Shiro gained the qualifications of a star.

When I went down to the first floor, the residents who were playing card games overnight were still continuing the board.

Minerva, who was waiting with a broomstick taller than her, gestured and pointed outside.

When I arrived at the royal castle along the road that fell to my knees with snow piled up overnight, the royal bloodlines greeted them.

It was possible to glimpse the relationship between the Corona Kingdom and the Ivory Tower in that they did not fear the stars unlike the managers of other countries.

"It's been a long time, Minerva. You're still beautiful."

"Hohoho! It's youthful for a grandmother who is over 700 years old. The ambassador has aged a lot since I last saw him."

"It's natural for humans to age after about 20 years."

Even at Minerva's blunt words, the ambassador smiled.

"The reason why you, who live like the wind, returned to your hometown must be because of the altar."

"Yes. It seems that I can't stop Nane. Maybe this world will end soon......"

Suddenly, Minerva, who frowned, looked back at Shiro and poked her head with her index finger.

"It's because of this guy in the end. The human being called the wizard of infinity can't stop Nane and comes here."

Shiro was unfair.

"Try it yourself. If you're so angry, you can stop it yourself, Minerva."

"What a stupid thing to say that you've learned. You couldn't stop it, how can I stop it?"

The ambassador bowed his head to Shiro.

"Thank you for protecting human life. Humanity always receives the help of Odaesung."

"I'm not Odaesung yet. And...... I didn't fight just for humans."

The ambassador, who had been meeting the stars for decades, understood exactly what Shiro wanted to do.

"I see. You must have a deep meaning. Please follow me. I will guide you."

While following the ambassador, Shiro asked.

"But what is the altar?"

Shiro, who had opened the Immortal Function and obtained the omnipotence of infinity, was only a super sense in the universe.

Because knowledge does not originally exist.

"It's a gate that eliminates the boundary between reality and the back world. It's about pulling out the hell made by humans into reality. According to the investigation of the Ivory Tower, 3,600 altars are being built worldwide."

"3,600......"

"When the altar is activated, this world will become hell. The law will lean towards Nane, and after that, it will be eternal destruction."

"Why does it lean towards Nane?"

"You're probably the only one who thinks that way."

Because only Shiro denied Nane.

"How many people do you think will find hope in terrible pain? Nane is right. The only resting place for creatures is ultimately destruction. You're the one denying that."

Minerva's eyes were cold.

"Imagine. If you were a being that feels pain from the moment you were born, every time you breathe, your throat tears, every time you see something, your eyes burn, and every time you speak, your tongue is crushed."

She stopped and looked back at Shiro.

"Would you still choose life? Can you wait for your life to run out while enduring pain every day, every second?"

Shiro couldn't be sure.

"I know such a person."

He knew such a person, but it was something he could never tell everyone to live like that.

"Is it Gauld?"

"Yes. The driving force to endure pain is love for Miro. But in the end, he fell into hell. And I...... I'm telling everyone to live like that."

"I know."

It's going to be a tough fight.

"If Nane hadn't been extreme, you wouldn't have been on the opposite extreme. Well, ordinary people, shrimp back in a whale fight."
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]