


```text
[483] Night of Heaven (1)

In the basement of the Hall of Fallen Angels in the Second Heaven, there was a torture chamber where angels who had lost their divinity from the whale were imprisoned and tortured.

Angels, by the standards of the physical world, had endurance that surpassed humans, and so the tools of torture were also filled with bizarre things of a scale that could not be seen in the human world.

Kang Nan was unconscious, tied by handcuffs to a chain hanging from the ceiling, relying entirely on her weight there.

On the floor, nameless snakes crawled by and the sealed air was so foul that it even covered the sulfur smell of the burning torches.

In the darkness, dozens of eyes bulged and Mara revealed his appearance.

Torco, a subordinate of the fallen angel Muriel.

A one-horned Mara with a bald head, a frog-like protruding belly and legs much shorter than his long arms on an old man's face.

He was called the God of Screams in some worlds, and he had a perfect understanding of the human body and was an excellent torturer who caused pain with his delicate fingertips.

A dull laughter sounded from the walls around him.

"Kikikik, let me hear your scream, the disgusting human scream."

"Can you not kill her? Even if you use only 1/43 of your hatred for Miro, she'll die."

The fallen angels who demanded Miro and Kang Nan's exchange throughout Lachia gave their subordinates a chance to vent their anger.

Some Maras had no interest in human pain at all, but on the contrary, there were Maras who felt extremely interested, and everyone who gathered in the torture chamber belonged to that category.

Torco cupped his palms and slapped Kang Nan's cheek.

A hollow ringing that was completely different from a normal sound spread, and the shock tore through Kang Nan's brain.

"Huuuuuuk!"

With a sensation as if her skull was cracking, Kang Nan frowned and regained consciousness.

"Here......"

What she saw was an old man with a hooked nose.

But her senses felt the countless evil energies that permeated the prison walls.

'I've been caught.'

It was what she had expected. Rather, it was lamentable that she did not die immediately in that situation and lost consciousness.

She pulled on the handcuffs that filled her wrists and the chain connected to the ceiling swayed.

If it's just iron, I can get out.

If I break my wrist.

'The handcuffs are sucking my strength.'

As far as she knew, it was impossible to block Schema by normal means.

Then there are two possibilities.

It's irregular or...

"Is it an object?"

"Object <Self-Strong>. The stronger you give it, the stronger it gets. You won't be able to escape."

'Annoyingly......'

Judging by Mara's words, the weaker you give it, the weaker it gets.

But if the minimum strength is stronger than a human's body, it was impossible for Kang Nan to escape.

"Kill me."

It was better to quickly give up on strategies that didn't work anyway.

"You'll die eventually. But maybe you can live."

When Kang Nan looked at him, Torco smiled as if he was curious about her reaction.

"If humans bring Miro by noon tomorrow."

Humans become ugly when they have hope.

He wondered how dirty this brave woman who had crossed Dogye Bridge and reclaimed Miro would become.

"Poo!"

Torco's face hardened.

Kang Nan burst into a hollow laugh and gave him a pitiful look.

"Miro will never come."

He won't come.

There is no way he would exchange his life for everything Gaoold had devoted for 20 years.

'Yeah, he won't come.'

If he was such an indecisive human being, he wouldn't have pushed her away as a pawn in the first place.

'I hope you're happy. With your loved one.'

Contrary to expectations, Kang Nan smiled and Torco's face twisted.

"If you don't bring Miro, all you have left is death at the end of your scream. How will you scream? How will you beg me to kill you?"
```
[Translated block]
The voice of Mara, who was watching from the darkness, echoed eerily.

"Kiki, the scream of a human is the best music in the world."

He was born a warrior and died a warrior.

Even in the face of a creepy threat, the warrior of Ramua had no shake in his words.

-Kang Nan, you are a woman.

She first met Gaold 16 years ago, when she was thirteen years old.

Her life was a series of trials after the wolf tribe was annihilated and fled south.

The people who reached out to her, who had nothing, all had ulterior motives, and most of the reasons were because she was a woman.

Kang Nan, who had an excellent physique even among the wolf tribe, was too young to defeat the strong ones of the world.

Eventually, she was kidnapped by a band of thieves and dragged to a foreign slave market.

"Don't look at me like that."

The man who was facing Kang Nan in the cargo can said.

"Think of it as not human from the beginning. Like a dog or a horse, a pig or a cat. Depending on what animal you become, it might be a decent life. You're pretty and rare."

"I am a wolf."

The man did not understand the language of the south.

But he knew that he could not get a high price without removing the venom in her eyes.

The tastes of those who buy slaves are varied, but if you cater to the preferences of a minority, the value is likely to plummet.

"I can't do this. I have to temper it in advance."

The man lifted the tent of the cargo can and darkness crept in.

And when he turned around again, his eyes were not normal.

Thud.

A sound like chewing on bones burst from his fist.

"First, let's be a dog."

"I am a wolf."

Kang Nan snapped back and crouched on her knees.

She jumped out with all her strength and hit the man's abdomen with her head, even though her hands were tied behind her back, and pushed him further and jumped out of the carriage.

"Crazy!"

Jumping out of a running carriage with your hands tied was tantamount to suicide.

A heavy wheel rolled toward Kang Nan's face as she fell to the ground.

She thought it was too late to avoid it when the wheel popped and split and the carriage overturned.

Kang Nan knelt down and looked sideways.

But before she could see anything, the thieves ran over and started beating her up.

"This damn! Kill her!"

With her hands tied behind her back, Kang Nan was defenseless and got hit.

But she thought of her whole body as a shield and stood up, showing off Ramua's skills with her free feet.

She dodged around among the bandits with her small stature, and when a giant man blocked her way, she swung her leg.

A low kick hit his thick shin like a log, and there was a dull thud.

"Aaaaaa!"

The man screamed in pain and fell to his knees.

It was not the strength of a thirteen-year-old child.

"Don't underestimate me. I am from the wolf tribe...."

But that was all she could do, and she had to roll on the ground again under the punches from all sides.

"Ah! Annoying!"

The man who had been pushed by Kang Nan and fallen out of the carriage came over with blood on his head.

He pulled out a dagger from his boots and glared at Kang Nan as he lifted his arm.

"I'll stab you a hundred times and kill you!"

Then there was another bang and his head exploded.

"What?"

The thieves realized then that it was not a simple accident.

A man was walking from the end of the forest road where they had come from.

It was Gaold, who had graduated from Alpheus Magic School and left for Gudo training at the age of twenty-four.

Unlike now, he still had some youthful energy left in him, but he was so skinny that he had almost no bones left and his complexion was dark as if he was about to die.

But what impressed Kang Nan most was his eyes, which seemed to contain death.
[Translated block]


"What are you? A magician?"

"......Have you ever seen God?"

The thieves, who were in a state of hives just by hearing the name of God, exchanged glances and burst into laughter.

"Are you a crazy monk?"

It was not uncommon to meet someone who had lost their mind at the end of salvation, wandering the world doing human trafficking.

"Have you really never seen him? Where is God?"

The leader of the thieves swung his dagger and stepped forward.

"Hey, what are you looking for God for? Did you commit some sin?"

"I......"

Before Gaold's words were finished, the dagger flew towards his forehead.

"I have to kill him."

Puff puff puff puff puff bang!

The air compressed and the heads of all the thieves who were standing around the fallen carriage exploded.

Gaold, who lightly turned his head to avoid the dagger, moved his steps slowly.

And he looked down at Gangnan, who was looking up at him in a daze, and said.

"Kid, have you ever seen God?"

Even in the midst of fear that he had never felt before, Gangnan slowly shook his head.

"Where is he? Where is he? I have to kill him."

Gaold's appearance, looking for something in the forest, was the epitome of grotesqueness to Gangnan.

'He's crazy. This guy is crazy.'

After wandering around for a long time, Gaold looked down at Gangnan again and untied the rope tied to his hand.

'I have to run away.'

That was the first thought that came to his mind.

But before he could put it into action, Gaold's hand reached out.

"Can you get up? You look like a southerner. What tribe are you from?"

Gangnan forgot his fear for a moment and glared at Gaold.

He had never met anyone who had extended their hand with kindness and benefited him.

"I am a wolf."

Gaold's eyes half-closed as he looked at Gangnan's burning face.

"A wolf tribe. I heard they were exterminated. You must have had a hard time."

'Do you know southern language?'

It was surprising that a madman who looked like a beggar could understand his words.

"What's your name?"

Gangnan, who had been wondering who this man was for a long time, slowly opened his mouth.

"Gangnan. Ahoya Gangnan."

"Gangnan?"

Gaold recalled his fading memory and found the meaning.

"The soul of a wolf."

And he smiled slightly and said.

"That's a cool name, Gangnan."

Gangnan never forgot the emotion he felt at that moment.

"Let's go. You're badly hurt. You need treatment."

Gangnan followed Gaold to a cave in the forest.

He was still full of caution, but he needed someone's help for now.

Gaold handed him some dry bread from his bag.

It was hard as a rock, but there was enough to eat for several days.

He ate it because he was starving, but it didn't break well with a child's jaw without melting it with saliva.

Gaold was chewing on it well.

The only thing that was strange was the moan that came from deep in his throat every time he moved his jaw.

He was definitely crazy, Gangnan thought, and said as if declaring war.

"I'm leaving tomorrow morning."

Gaold nodded without stopping him.

That night.

"Huuuuu. Huuuuu."

Gaold opened his eyes at the faint moan coming from where Gangnan was
[Translated block]