


[767] Breaking off (2)

*	*	*

Republic of South Almond.

The expression on Almareta, who attended the State Council, was surprisingly flushed.

'Is unification finally coming?'

According to the spy's information, Igor has already died and the capital, Pasha, was liberated a few hours ago.

'How could this happen...?'

Although it was an inevitable situation, the hope of ending the long war made her lose her cool.

The ministers waiting for the president also heard the news of liberation through their own channels, but few knew the exact details.

"Can we trust this information? There are many strange parts. We won't be at a loss."

The country that avoided the invasion of the demons was one of the few in the world, but the war was also a boom for the ministers.

'We're making a lot of money.'

The citizens, who were on the brink of death, couldn't find a reason to oppose the parliament's tax increase.

"Out of 400 North Korean spies, only one sent news of liberation. Aren't we too excited?"

The fact that only Jayceman survived meant that no one could avoid the surveillance of the demons.

"He's a trustworthy person. He's outstanding and patriotic. It's true that Igor is dead."

The Minister of the Interior asked the Minister of Defense.

"What on earth happened?"

Just then, Almareta entered.

"I'll explain."

When the ministers stood up, she gestured for them to sit down and went up to the podium.

"The fact that North Almond has been liberated is true."

"Do you have any basis for your assertion?"

"Because Igor has been dead for a long time."

The meeting room was in turmoil.

"The main force behind this incident is not the resistance or the anarchists, but the Ivory Tower."

A sigh leaked out among the ministers.

"I'll brief you."

The Minister of Defense got up from his seat and went up to the podium, and Almareta gave up her seat.

The briefing continued for about 30 minutes.

"...The number of demons living in the capital is estimated to be in the tens, and two of the stars seem to have left to seal the altar."

A shadow fell on the ministers' faces.

"In just one day... did they liberate Pasha by themselves?"

"Monsters."

What kind of people are the stars of the Ivory Tower?

"Thank you for the briefing."

When the Minister of Defense returned to his seat, President Almareta leaned on the podium and spoke.

"As you all may guess, we are at the most critical juncture since the division. North is currently in a state of anarchy. Every minute, every second is precious."

The Minister of the Interior spoke.

"We should immediately send the military to occupy the North. It was our land from the beginning. We can't hand it over to other countries."

Almareta nodded.

"I agree. However, if we act unilaterally, the Ivory Tower will step in. We need to go through mutual agreement."

Although she used the expression mutual agreement, the ministers who had experience with the stars sighed.

'We have to beg even if our hands and feet become feet.'

The Minister of Foreign Affairs spoke.

"Leave it to me. I'm confident I can bring back at least the right to interfere with the North, even if I have to give something."

It was an affront to deal with the stars, but the Minister of Foreign Affairs had once achieved a dramatic compromise with the Ivory Tower.

"No. This time, I will negotiate directly."

"The president?"

It was unavoidable if the stars wanted it, but usually, the head of a country did not volunteer to be humiliated.

"Who are these stars? Do we know them?"

"That is... a special secret."

Even if they were stars of the Ivory Tower, they were once citizens and magicians of a certain country.

It was not good for the country to reveal their personal information in advance in a place where ministers gathered.

The Minister of Foreign Affairs, who was experienced, spoke.

"Still, we need to know to some extent to prepare to welcome our guests. How many stars are there?"
[Translated block]
According to his theory, the stars of the Ivory Tower had slightly different tendencies depending on the number of stars.

"The number of stars is 10."

"10..."

The foreign minister, who was rolling his eyes to recall, frowned and tilted his head.

"Wait a minute. There are two people, so how can there be 10 stars..."

The face of the foreign minister hardened as if it had been stuffed.

"10?"

The basic arithmetic that 5 plus 5 equals 10 passed through their heads, and all the ministers swallowed their saliva.

"You probably have a rough idea now?"

As the ministers slowly turned their heads, Almareta gestured towards the door and spoke.

"What are you doing, move quickly?"

Shirone and Minerva quickly traversed the airspace of South Eimond on a jet.

"That's the capital, Gardan."

It was a huge city built in the middle of the plains.

"It's bigger than Bashuka."

"It's a republic. Even with the social costs, the development speed is much faster than the kingdom. And the defense power is much higher."

Although Tormia also belongs to a powerful country, it is known that the defense power of South Eimond is comparable to that of the Seven Kings.

"But I like Tormia better."

"Huhu, who says?"

Although the country has no meaning to the stars of the Ivory Tower, the appearance of Shirone, who has regained his humanity, was not bad.

"Let's get off in front of the castle gate."

"It's okay. The stars of the Ivory Tower have a free pass in the airspace. And it seems like you already know everything?"

The line of the army led to the government office.

"Is this your first time meeting with the leader? The soldiers are probably out of their minds now. They'll be scolded like crazy from above."

"Do you really need to welcome us like this?"

"No. They're doing that because they have something to rip off. Just do as I say and don't be swayed."

As soon as they arrived at the government office over the wall faster than sound, an officer shouted in a heated posture.

"Welcome the extreme poverty!"

A grand welcome ceremony was held with the citizens throwing flower pollen to the accompaniment of the military band.

"Don't mind. Just look ahead and walk."

Even Shirone, who knew that it was not just a favor, moved his steps with a cautious expression.

Ministers, vice ministers, experts and responsible persons of each department, commanders with the rank of general.

'That person...'

Almareta, the president of South Eimond, who was standing with the building of the government office as a backdrop, came up with a humble smile.

"Welcome, you who are extremely poor. Thank you for visiting the Republic of South Eimond."

Even in front of the citizens, she bowed her head twice to Shirone and Minerva.

'She's staking her life.'

While Minerva smiled meaningfully, Shirone didn't know how to respond.

"Uh, I belong to the Ivory Tower..."

Ignoring the president, Minerva turned to a man in his early 50s standing on the side and spoke.

"It's been a long time, kiddo?"

Luda Garcia, the president of the South Eimond Magic Association, nodded slightly in response.

"It's been a long time."

He is a certified first-class great magician who has refined fire magic to the extreme, and his fireball is said to burn a village.

"Again."

Minerva gestured with her index finger down as if to bow her head again.

"......"

Garcia did not move.

"Again."

"Just do it. This human knows the character."

Garcia bowed 90 degrees.

"It's been a long time, Star of the Ivory Tower."

Minerva, who was looking down at him with cold eyes, pointed to Shirone with a chin gesture.

"There's one more person."

Garcia did not show any emotion.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Garcia, the president of the Magic Association."
[Translated block]


"Yes, I'm Arian Shirone."

There was no point in prolonging the conversation as it would only upset the mood.

"Wow, you're the association president? You've grown a lot. It feels like just yesterday you were trembling in front of me."

Minerva's age was suddenly felt.

"I did not tremble."

"Shirone, remember this guy's name. He's the best in the flame series."

The fact that Minerva, who didn't even flatter the president, introduced him personally was credible.

Almareta, who had led the two to the conference room, had a face that changed coldly like a lie.

"May I speak bluntly?"

"What's so blunt about asking others? Anyway, do it. I've seen enough of the president's sincerity."

It was a head that had been bowed to gain this right to speak.

"Please give me the rule of the North. I will not be criticized by other countries, including the management of the altar."

What the Republic wants is money after all.

"What do you want to do, Shirone?"

It was easier to leave it to Namaeimond, but he thought it would be better for the altar to be managed by the Holy Temple.

"Is it perfectly sealed? Are you sure it won't be pierced?"

"The president does not use the word 'absolute'. However, I am proud of Namaeimond's defense capabilities."

Almareta glanced at him and pulled out a box from under the table.

"And this is a bit small."

Shirone's face crumpled at once.

"Like this......"

But before he could say anything, Minerva took the box and opened the lid.

It was a bond, not the expected gold and treasure, and the amount was written where the national seal was stamped.

"I see it's not a joke."

"It's 10% of the Namaeimond national budget. Please leave it to me. I am confident to satisfy the Ivory Tower."

Shirone's eyes were dark.

'You're giving 10% of the national budget? This is not a lobby level. You should never take this.'

Minerva, who had been rubbing the bond, threw it with a thud.

"It's hard like this."

'Of course. Minerva is also a star of the Ivory Tower.'

At the moment when he was ashamed of doubting her for a moment, a shocking word came out.

"Half of the national budget. It can't be less."

At first, he doubted his ears.

Even the amount they proposed, 10%, was more than a human needed to live a lifetime.

'...I see.'

Almareta looked at Shirone with a sad face.

"That's too much to ask. How can we run the country if we take half of the budget?"

"What do you think?"

Shirone nodded and said.

"If it's half, I'll allow it too."

"......"

Again, like a lie, Almareta's desperate gaze quickly extinguished emotion.

"25%. I can't give any more."

"We said 50%."

"30%. If it's more than that, our country would rather give up the rule of Namaeimond."

"40%. Let's end it here. I suggest two ways. Pay 10% each year for 4 years, or pass the national debt now."

"...I'll give it to you now."

Minerva shrugged her shoulders and laughed.

"You're a pretty good president."

It was a view that other countries would pay more than that during the 4 years of paying 10% each year.

But if the contract ends now, there will never be any interference from the Ivory Tower in the future.

'On the contrary...'

Even if they give 40% of the annual budget, it means that it is much more profitable to have the rule of Namaeimond.

'But with this, Namaeimond won't run wild. It's best to end it at this line.'

The surprising thing was that Shirone noticed his intention at a fairly early stage.

'I thought you were a fool, but you're surprisingly solid.'

The amount of 40% of the national budget is an amount that Minerva cannot exhaust even if she spends money all her life.

Shirone realized that it was not a matter of money, but a need to cut Namaeimond's budget.

'...I see.'

Almareta looked at Shirone with a sad face.

"That's too much to ask. How can we run the country if we take half of the budget?"

"What do you think?"

Shirone nodded and said.

"If it's half, I'll allow it too."

"......"

Again, like a lie, Almareta's desperate gaze quickly extinguished emotion.

"25%. I can't give any more."

"We said 50%."

"30%. If it's more than that, our country would rather give up the rule of Namaeimond."

"40%. Let's end it here. I suggest two ways. Pay 10% each year for 4 years, or pass the national debt now."

"...I'll give it to you now."

Minerva shrugged her shoulders and laughed.

"You're a pretty good president."

It was a view that other countries would pay more than that during the 4 years of paying 10% each year.

But if the contract ends now, there will never be any interference from the Ivory Tower in the future.

'On the contrary...'

Even if they give 40% of the annual budget, it means that it is much more profitable to have the rule of Namaeimond.

'But with this, Namaeimond won't run wild. It's best to end it at this line.'

The surprising thing was that Shirone noticed his intention at a fairly early stage.

'I thought you were a fool, but you're surprisingly solid.'

The amount of 40% of the national budget is an amount that Minerva cannot exhaust even if she spends money all her life.

Shirone realized that it was not a matter of money, but a need to cut Namaeimond's budget."
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]