


```
[185] 4. The Reversal of the Law (6)

Gardrak found the place he wanted not far away.

It was where the valley had subsided and cracks had occurred. It was a gap that only one person could barely enter, and a ray of light was coming down along that gap.

"Look at this."

Gardrak pointed to the center of the flash. Only there was a lot of light gathered. It looked fluffy like snowflakes, but if you looked closely, you could see the particles of light spinning.

Shirone looked at it and scratched his head. How should he explain it? It was impossible for light to naturally clump together as particles.

Of course, Norin's thoughts were no different.

Gardrak wrapped his hands around the particles of light as if to emphasize the strange phenomenon.

"Do you see that only light is gathered here?"

"Yes. But how is this possible?"

"It's called 'jeong'. This place has jeong of light in it."

"So... you mean jeong is gathering light?"

"No. It's because light has stayed here for a long time that jeong has settled in. Jeong can settle anywhere. In the wind, in the water, even in thoughts. Of course, if those thoughts don't change for a long time."

Shirone thought it was similar to the concept of magic stones.

It was a phenomenon where the concept of something became materialized when a certain property accumulated for a very long time.

"If jeong stays in one place for a long time, it becomes a spirit. A spirit is... well... jeong with activity. And they can also contract with humans. If you contract with a spirit of light, you can use the power of light anytime and anywhere. But it's as hard as picking stars from the sky."

Shirone pointed to jeong and said.

"Then this light will become a spirit someday?"

"Haha, I guess so. Maybe in a thousand years or so? As long as it doesn't disappear in the meantime."

A thousand years. It was much longer than the time given to humans. Perhaps the period for any property to become jeong would be similar. He understood why it was hard to get spirits.

"Anyway, we can go to Nor's resting place through here. Gather around here."

"Isn't there not enough space for some people to go to the other side?"

"It's okay. Come to think of it, the magic of the land of earth is not very wide. We can expand it as much as we want as long as we have jeong of light. Like this."

Gardrak clenched his fist around the lump of light. His fist turned golden and then spread up to his shoulder.

Soon his whole body seemed to be filled with light.

The power of nature is infinite, so humans who borrow that power can expand it as much as they want.

It just seemed to take quite a while.

Even after a long time, the light did not pass over his shoulder, and a look of doubt flashed in Gardrak's eyes.

"That's strange. Why is it taking so long? Usually 5 minutes is enough."

"Master, maybe jeong of light has weakened?"

"That can't be. I did it without any problem 3 days ago. It takes at least hundreds of years for jeong's energy to change. Or something is weakening jeong's energy."

"But that can't be either. This place only has one law. That's why we use it as an intermediate base."

Gardrak realized from Clove's words. It could be a delusion, but finding another factor while leaving out the only answer was a bigger delusion.

"Could it be...! But why?"

Jeong of light began to shake. Then the ground, and finally the whole valley shook as if there was an earthquake.

"What's going on? What's wrong?"

"Get out of here quickly! It's a law vortex snake! Jeong is out of balance!"

If the cliff collapsed, they would be crushed to death, so Shirone and his party hurriedly escaped from the gap in the valley.

Looking from outside, the whole area around them was shaking. If it was this scale, it was obvious that there was something nearby.

But looking around, there was nothing that looked like a snake.
```
[Translated block]


```text
"Damn! Where is it? Where did it come from?"

Lian drew his sword and blocked Shiro's front.

The magicians also formed a formation and entered a combat stance.

Tes focused his senses and searched the surroundings. The tremors on the left and right were different. It was turning the corner on the right.

The ground shook so hard that it was hard to stand still. Tes finally realized something was wrong. His senses and reality did not match. It should have already appeared in front of him at this level of vibration.

"There, there!"

Shiro pointed with a surprised expression.

A small and white creature was lying on its four legs on a rock 3 meters away.

No, could this be called a creature?

It had no eyes, nose, or mouth. It looked like a salamander, but its surface was smooth like carved jade.

He had never seen such a white creature in his life.

"What is that? Is that the whirlwind snake?"

"It's not there!"

Guardak shouted and Shiro reflexively stepped back. His vision opened and he finally saw it.

The shadow of the whirlwind snake was cast over the valley. Unbelievably, it was a huge shadow that filled the entire cliff.

Shiro turned his eyes to the rock again. The body of the salamander-like creature was shining brightly.

It was enlarging its shadow with the light from its body.

He realized that fact when the shadow that jumped out of the cliff flew in with its mouth torn open.

A curtain of darkness blocked his sight. It was so beyond common sense that he didn't even think he was being attacked.

The moment Shiro's party was trapped in pitch-black darkness, Guardak, who had been watching from the gap in the valley, shouted.

"Danger!"

Shiro's rage erupted.

The light spread and everyone realized that the sharp shadow claws had approached their noses.

If they had been a little late, their flesh would have fallen off.

Kiaaaaaaa!

The whirlwind snake that was torn by the rage screamed.

It must be a mechanism similar to Habist. There was no way a creature without a mouth had a sound organ.

When he came to his senses, everyone saw the shadow of the whirlwind snake rolling out like a storm cloud.

It was fortunate that they blocked the first attack.

Most of the prey lose their lives in the first attack of the whirlwind snake. Because they can't see anything while being trapped in the dark, they can't even see the attack coming.

Amy wiped her cold sweat and asked.

"What the hell is that? Is it a creature or not? Is that salamander-like thing controlling it?"

Guardak came out of the gap in the valley and said.

"No, the essence of the whirlwind snake is shadow. There is no body. The thing standing on the rock is nothing but an 'avatar' created by the shadow of the whirlwind snake."

"Where in the world is there such a thing? There has to be a body for there to be a shadow!"

"I don't know either. We call this 'the reversal of law'. That's an alien species. I don't know where it came from, but it's definitely not a world we can imagine."

The whirlwind snake couldn't approach easily. It had never killed a human who emitted light before, so it was natural to be wary.

The avatar's body shone and the shadow grew bigger. It was like a wild beast showing off in front of its enemy.

Shiro realized that fact. Maybe this place wasn't his grave after all.

"It seems similar to a beast. Maybe it wasn't a common predator in its original world? Like cats or mice. If it was a top creature in the pyramid, it wouldn't have such a defensive response."

"Cats? Mice? Are you joking right now?"

Kanya said what everyone wanted to say on behalf of them. But there was one more person who realized that fact besides Shiro.

It was Canis.

He watched the whirlwind snake's every move with awe.

'It really existed, a world where darkness dominates light.'
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests for me?
[Translated block]


```
The reversal of the law. The contents of Arcane's note were true.

"Shirone was right. If it's really a world where the rules are reversed, then all living things exist as shadows. Then the vortex snake wouldn't have been that strong. Of course, the situation is different here."

Gardrak searched for a gap in the valley.

As expected, the vortex snake's law had been activated, weakening the light's justice.

Escape was impossible in this state.

But it wasn't time to give up. Because Shirone's light wave was powerful enough to make the vortex snake back off.

"Hey, we've overcome the crisis, but stay alert. Its weakness is light. That's why it doesn't move during the day. I don't know why the law is twisted, but we have a chance if we use light magic."

Shirone recalled her battle with Harvest. The fact she learned from that fight was that shock was not important for darkness. The key was the amount of energy.

Shirone cast photon cannon and eight photons were born in irregular positions on both sides.

Eight flashes of light hit the vortex snake all at once. A terrible scream erupted.

Amy poured fireballs. There was light in the flames, so it would have an effect.

Fire caught on the vortex snake's shadow.

But that was only as shocking as an ant climbing on an elephant and pinching its skin. It was honestly a shadow so huge that it felt like cheating.

Canis couldn't even try her magic. She tried to attack with dark power, but she was only absorbing energy.

The outcome between the same attributes was decided by power.

If she couldn't control a bigger darkness than the vortex snake, she would be eaten.

Shirone left her friends' group. If it wrapped them in its curtain again, it could really get dangerous.

True to its name, the vortex snake moved by rotating space greatly. It twisted its direction when Shirone hit its side with photon cannon and chased her.

The vortex snake's tail swung toward Amy's group as it turned sharply.

Clover grabbed his head and screamed.

"Aaaaaah! It's coming!"

Amy spread fire mist. The smoke of fire protected them all, but it wasn't enough to burn the tail.

The tail swept them away like a broom as Amy added fire wall to her spell.

Fire caught on the tail. But its trajectory didn't change.

Amy bit her lip and increased her firepower. She was determined to hold this position even if she died.

The tail that flew toward Amy's body suddenly moved away and grazed her face. The vortex snake pulled its body back because it couldn't bear the pain of fire.

"Shirone!"

Amy shouted without even catching her breath.

The vortex snake opened its jaw and swallowed Shirone whole. At the same time, its face exploded as rage burst out.

A rapid-fire of photon cannon raged.

Amy calculated that it would be about two hundred shots per minute. It was a possible figure for Shirone, who set the best record in school in speed gun testing.

The firing speed got faster and faster. Then it became a straight flash and pushed the shadow to the opposite wall.

She removed mass from photons.

There was no impact force to tear apart the shadow, but the flash ate away at its body little by little as it went in.

"What kind of magic is that? That's impossible! There's no way that's possible!"

It was good that their ally was winning, but Clover couldn't accept the reality unfolding before his eyes.

Kanya and Lena were also confused.

Unlike Mecha people, Norin could exert great power even alone. But they had never seen anything like that even in heaven.

The sight of fighting alone against a vortex snake that everyone feared was awe-inspiring.

Above all, she was winning. They felt a shiver when they saw the vortex snake writhing on the wall.

Shirone's flash turned red.

From photon cannon to photon output, if she raised the energy level further from here, it would be compressed into a single-wavelength laser.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
The vortex snake pushed the laser back as it reclaimed the shadow area, but even that caused a chain explosion and scattered.

Kiaaaaaaa!

It was a fierce roar.

The vortex snake was afraid.

It was the lowest predator in the original world. Then it passed through a strange tunnel and came to heaven 10,000 years ago.

Evolution was impossible in this place where there was no natural enemy, and it just lived comfortably.

But now that comfort is about to break. By the insignificant humans who had torn apart for fun until now.
```
[Translated block]