


```text
[422] Second Command (1)

Shirone headed to the second command with Flu.

Clover and Gardrak were in charge of the guide, and they were able to hear various information while narrowing the distance with the spot of light.

“According to the research, the angels' 'peeking' is not that the observer's gaze is lost, but that they pull the desired place in front of their eyes. It's similar to opening a drawer in a room and rummaging through it. Then how did the rebels avoid peeking?”

Gardrak's words were translated through the drone received from the command.

There was no language of the land of the earth in the drones produced in heaven, but there were countless languages ​​of the border people programmed in 'Yamang's' things.

“Hmm, lock the drawer?”

Gardrak nodded at Flu's words.

“That's the way of Mecca. They disrupt the landscape with their own developed magnetic field and prevent them from focusing.”

Shirone said.

“Then is the second one making a lot of drawers?”

“Correct. The second command we are heading to is operating scattered like a dot organization. It's a classic stealth strategy, but it's much less risky.”

Flu asked.

“What kind of place is it? I mean, second command.”

“I haven't been to command either. I worked at 13th Battalion and was transferred to 1st Command. However, unlike Mecca, who values ​​command, Nor prefers individual abilities. He thinks that those who have power should be commanders.”

Shirone said.

“Then the commander must be a very strong person.”

“I heard that. She's a woman named Reysis, and according to rumors, her spirit force is as much as 32 percent.”

Spirit force was an indicator of affinity for energy, which was much closer to the essence than spirit zone.

Flu asked.

“How amazing is 32 percent? If it becomes 100 percent, can you manipulate energy freely?”

“That's impossible. It's just affinity. If it's 32 percent, how about providing water for 100 people with one drop of water? Usually Nor's affinity is only 7-8 percent. Even if there is only a 1 percent difference, magical power increases exponentially.”

Shirone vaguely imagined the appearance of the second command commander in his head.

“Anyway, I agree with this journey. Mecca is strong against giants but weak against fairies. On the other hand, Norin are strong against fairies. To survive, union is essential.”

While talking like that, Shirone and his party arrived at the spot of light.

Transparent stream water sparkling like diamonds flowed over it, and particles of light floated around.

Gardrak pushed out his fist at the spot as he pushed out the waterway with a splash and prepared for light magic elyzer.

Flu looked at the light seeping into his fist and asked.

“Do you have to go further from here? It's already the third time.”

“This is the last time.”

It was a word he had saved in case he was attacked on his way here and information leaked.

Flu nodded and approached Shirone.

It was more comfortable than when there were seniors like Gira Star, but now she had to protect Shirone completely.

She remembered what she heard from Gaold when she left the bunker after finishing negotiations with Crud last night.

“Flu.”

“Yes, chairman.”

Gaold, who called Flu, glanced at Shirone and then said.

“I'm worried. The other teams are mixed with veterans, but you and Shirone are different.”

Flu admitted obediently.

Of course, she knew that Gaold was not worried about Shirone and Flu's safety, but about the failure of the project.

“I am fully aware of that. I will not be a burden to my seniors and will do my best with my life.”

“Just in case, if things go wrong...”

Gaold stopped talking.

It was truly amazing for Flu.

The fact that he hesitated like a machine with a broken brake was enough to feel rewarded.
```
[Translated block]


Flu smiled softly and said.

"Don't worry. I know that if one person's life has to be lost in this project, it's me. As a supporter, I will always bring back Sirone, no matter what happens to me."

Sirone, who joined the team as a terminator position, was the master key of the task force that had to survive until the end, even if most of the team members died.

It was a shameful thing for a magician to weigh the lives of such a heavy-duty agent and her supporter.

Gaold looked at Flu silently for a moment. Then he turned around with a wicked smile.

"Kuku, I'll trust you."

His last words deeply penetrated Flu's chest.

She looked at Gaold's broad back with a blank expression, then smiled and saluted.

'I don't mind dying. I'm in the best team.'

"Hey......"

Then Crude, who had been watching the two from afar, came over with a cough.

He was a believer that humans should live humanely even in wartime. He cautiously expressed his emotions.

"If there's anything uncomfortable......"

"No."

Flu put away her smile as if nothing had happened and turned around with a cold expression.

Sirone was playing with the pine needles with his feet.

He was nineteen years old without fail if he wasn't on a mission here.

She would do her best to protect Sirone.

But in reality, words like best were meaningless in real combat.

Only completing the goal by any means necessary was important, and for that, Sirone also needed determination.

"Listen up. You're a magician now that you've come this far. You're not officially graduated yet, so you're an unofficial magician."

Sirone looked at Flu bewilderedly.

"So I'm going to treat you as a pro from now on. Don't be swayed by emotions and be loyal to your mission. I'm not telling you to do anything unreasonable. In fact, you can't even tell what's unreasonable. That's what war is. If there's any confusion, just be loyal to your mission."

He knew Sirone.

The seniors who would willingly give their lives to protect him, who didn't even have a magician's license.

What made him nervous was that he had to push them into death without hesitation, knowing that fact.

'I have to live. That's my mission.'

Sirone nodded his head firmly.

"Yes. Don't worry."

No one wants to take on an unpleasant task.

If they can't do it themselves, someone else has to bear it.

Sirone decided. No, he prayed.

Please don't hesitate in any situation.

"Let's go."

Elizer's huge flash soared into the sky.

* * *

The world was wrapped in a warm light and the forest scenery shimmered.

When the light cleared, the valley where the stream was changed into a forest in the middle of a dense forest.

Flu looked around and asked.

"Is this the headquarters?"

"No. The gatekeeper of the headquarters will guide us. We'll probably have to go much further from here."

It was a measure to avoid being followed. They could tell how meticulously they were hiding.

Gardrak bit his finger and whistled.

A sound magic fairy was cast and hundreds of birds sounded like chirping in the sky of the forest.

A man appeared from behind a tree shortly after.

"Where did you come from? I didn't get any reports today."

He was a cold-looking man.

He had blue hair and eyebrows raised, and shaved his left head. His right hair that reached his shoulders covered one eye.

Gardrak pointed at Sirone and said.

"We came from the first headquarters. You must have heard the rumor, this boy here......"

"Oh, I see."

The man raised his hand and cast magic.

The magic of the forest Offrica.
[Translated block]


The trees behind them shook and countless vines grew rapidly and flew at Shiro's party.

"Ugh!"

Clover and Gardrak, who were terrified, lost their balance and stabbed their buttocks, while Shiro and Flue did not move.

The flying trajectory was not aimed at them.

Perhaps anyone could have figured it out if they had kept a little more calm.

The vines hit the ground with a thud and grew into arches from there.

In an instant, Shiro's party was trapped in a prison of intertwined arches of trees.

'This is the ancient plant magic.'

According to the afterimage of when he fought with Bosun in Kazra, even a public 4th-class magician could not produce such a fast growth effect.

He didn't think that the man was stronger than Bosun, but it seemed that there was definitely an advantage to using ancient magic with justice affinity.

'Anyway, it won't be easy.'

He was bothered by the fact that he hadn't had much proper negotiation with a group that showed off their power from the first meeting.

The gatekeeper cast another Offrica and pulled in more branches to confront the party.

"What business do you have with us, traitors of Nor?"

Clover grabbed the prison and shouted.

"What are you doing? Do you know who's here? The light of the 73rd district, Shiro!"

The more hostile the relationship, the more active the intelligence war.

The gatekeeper also knew that Shiro had returned.

"So what?"

"So what? You're not going to war? Don't you know how much the morale of the rebels will rise if Shiro is here?"

A branch as sharp as a spear pierced through the gap of the prison and stopped in front of Clover's nose.

"Kuk!"

Clover hastily backed away and hit the opposite prison with his back.

Offrica was a magic that could not be cast without more than 10 percent affinity.

He, who had only 7 percent affinity, could not resist the man's momentum at all.

"What does it matter if you are the light of the 73rd district? When you criticized and betrayed Nor, now you want to fight together? We don't need the power of those mecha bastards. How can you compete with angels with those who rely on mere machines?"

"How do you know that?"

Shiro said.

"We came to see your captain, not you. I think you don't have the authority to decide something that affects the fate of the entire Nor tribe."

The man turned his gaze to Shiro.

Shiro's bluff sounded like wax in his ears, but the Nor tribe, who had an absolute standard of power, did not fall for myths alone.

If he thought that he could get by here with just knocking down a fairy chief like Egerin, he was either a very lowly guy or a brat who was drunk on his own power.

"That may be true. But I have authority as a gatekeeper. Whether it's Nephilim or the light of the 73rd district, what matters in war is power. I don't know what it was like in Mecha, but whining in a wooden prison won't make Nor people fart."

"Really?"

Shiro slapped his palm on the prison.

As light began to concentrate on his hand, the gatekeeper hurriedly backed away.

According to what he heard, Shiro could freely manipulate light regardless of affinity, and destroy objects with it.

"Hmph! Even if you do......!"

The gatekeeper was also a skilled ancient magician who was given a heavy task of guarding the entrance to the rebel headquarters.

He pulled all the plants around him and twisted them into sharp spears like spears, ready to counterattack.

'What?'

But he didn't get a chance to counterattack.

The light gathered in Shiro's hand gradually darkened and then twisted grotesquely.

Darkness.

The thick trees twisted as if their bones were being crushed, and the gatekeeper could only stare blankly at them as he let go of his hand.

Eudeudeudeudeudeuk!

The hemispherical prison that was intertwined together was torn from the ground with a sound like bones being crushed.

Eudeudeudeudeudeuk!

Eventually, it distorted toward the hole in space and began to be sucked in.
[Translated block]


It was as if a glutton swallowed a living creature whole, the tree struggled from its roots, but still ended up being forcibly consumed and disappeared without a trace.

Clover and Gardlock's faces turned pale.

They were not even this surprised when Sirone shattered the rock with light before.

"What, what kind of magic is that, Master?"

"......"

Gardlock had no idea what was going on. The gatekeeper was probably the same.

All the Norins were staring at Sirone in a daze.
[Translated block]