


[718] Key to Liberation (2)

"Merot."

As Garnet's pheromones were released, the artificial brain's outer shell trembled at its maximum.

"Kuk!"

In order to control the numerous ants in the colony, the voice must be different.

"You longed for the outside world. Just like me when I was young. You brought something interesting today."

All the events happening in the Garnet colony were already received through the maid ant.

"I thought you would like it."

Merot, who folded his wings and showed respect, turned to Shiro and said.

"Tell your mother what you told me. I hope you find the answer you're looking for."

As Merot made way, Garnet's incredibly long antennae approached Shiro.

"I've heard about it. About humans."

The definition of humans heard from ants was completely different from what Shiro knew, but he didn't think it was frivolous.

"Humans are said to be very large, but you are small."

"That is......"

As Shiro explained about Andre, Garnet, who had been listening carefully, nodded his head.

"It's divided into many worlds, right? If each and every one is an independent world... It's like looking at us."

Andre was similar to the ant colony system.

"That's right. Worlds separated by special criteria. And the criterion of this world is the queen."

It was because Garnet built the colony.

"What do you want to ask?"

Shiro poured out questions at the speed of thought.

"The system. What is the standard for dividing workers and soldiers? What is the vision for the Garnet colony to move forward? How is the arrangement of rooms and the size of the territory determined?"

If the ants build a colony and prosper, which is similar to Andre's 19,000 worlds, he should be able to read Geppin's thoughts through the queen's intentions.

"When the food supply becomes scarce, how much does the workload of the workers increase, the princesses and nobles waste resources......."

Garnet cut off his words, shaking his head.

"That's not it."

"Huh?"

"I understand the intention of the question, but I think I can't give you the answer you want. I've never thought about such a complicated thing while building a colony."

"You've never thought about it......?"

Did Geppin separate the 19,000 worlds without any criteria?

"Then how did you build such a precise system?"

"There was something like this."

Garnet, who was reminiscing about the time he first arrived here, looked up at the ceiling and said.

"I wish everyone here was happy."

"......"

Shiro felt like he had been hit on the head with a hammer.

"I wish my beloved children were safe. Without anyone being sacrificed, happily, building a new colony......."

Garnet looked down at Shiro again.

"So I can't understand your question. Why think about that? Don't we already have a system called love? My colony is not complicated at all. I think your thoughts are complicated."

"Uh......"

Shiro backed away, holding his forehead.

'Everyone here would be happy.'

In this world, in this system.

'There's no such thing as 19,000 criteria.'

Only one criterion separated the chaotic spacetime into 19,000 worlds.

In the realization of a purpose that was unimaginable, Shiro shed tears of overwhelming emotion.

"Love for everything."

It's called altruism.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre-World No. 1583.

The survival test of 2,000 residents living in White Black, which took a year, began.

At the entrance of the White Zone, not only the 10 participants but also many residents gathered to burn their will.

Of course, their will was nothing compared to the participants who would soon commit brutal murder on Anarchy Mountain.

'Can I really win?'
[Translated block]


"Despite the fact that 80 percent of the production was at stake, there were no particularly trained individuals among the participants.

'Well, I don't like this either...'

The one who stands out will be the first candidate, and Shiro was the most prominent person in White recently.

On the other hand, Black is a zone where everyday life is a war.

'I guess I have no choice but to hope for the weak.'

Even with 20 percent of the production, it was a system that could monopolize enough, so there was no reason for the strong to risk their lives in the game.

The village chief shouted while looking at the villagers.

"Everyone! Today we have to fight against those who glorify violence. Please pray for the luck of the participants heading to the battlefield of the law, Anarchy Mountain!"

There was applause, but the participants, including Shiro, did not change their expressions.

"We will now start the battle of the law!"

As the village chief shouted as if his throat was torn, the participants moved to Anarchy Mountain by carriage.

'It's for transportation, but it's actually a prison.'

The inside was clean, but there were dozens of people escorting the carriage, and I didn't know how it would change the moment I escaped.

"Your name is Shiro, right?"

The middle-aged man sitting across from me said.

"I'm Marco. I'm the father of two daughters, the son of an old mother, and also the husband of Janie."

At the strange introduction where the intention was guessed, Shiro's voice also became a little prickly.

"Is that so? I don't have any family to mourn."

At least in this world, it was.

"Don't misunderstand. This is the rule of White. If you have a complaint, you can decide by voting here."

Without having to hear the rules, I could predict that a unanimous vote would come out the moment I went to vote.

"It's okay. Please tell me your business."

"The reason we call our village White Black is because every year when the battle of the law takes place, a unique moon rises."

Marco opened the window of the carriage and pointed outside.

"Do you see the law changing?"

When Shiro leaned his head out of the window, he saw that half of the moon was covered in darkness like a lunar eclipse.

"When the battle begins, the areas of light and darkness that were divided in half invade each other's areas and change into the shape of a water droplet."

Shiro thought of the principle of yin and yang.

"We call that moon White Black. We don't know when that moon has risen. The important thing is that you can't get a weapon unless you receive moonlight at the top of Anarchy Mountain."

"Weapon?"

Marco leaned his upper body and said.

"With the receipt of the representative of White and Black under the moonlight, a hundred sheets of weapons are scattered all over Anarchy Mountain. It's in the form of a card, and you can use special abilities by possessing it."

It was the operation of the law.

"There are two types of cards. Job cards and weapon cards. There are a total of twenty job cards and they are automatically distributed to all participants. Depending on what job you get, your physical abilities change completely."

"What kind of jobs are there for example?"

"There are all kinds of jobs. Among them, 20 jobs are randomly scattered every year. If you're a doctor, you can recover from injuries, and if you're a swordsman, you can have powerful physical abilities."

It was a part where luck worked to some extent.

"The remaining hundred cards are various weapons. You can transfer it and you can snatch it, but you can't destroy it. In the end, the twenty participants have to fight by combining various weapon cards after getting one job card."

Shiro leaned his chin and fell into thought.

'It's different from personal acting. This is a huge law.'

He felt the presence of Geopin in the wheel of the law that was intertwined in the realm of God.

"The problem is the point where the moon of White Black harmonizes."

Marco finished his words.

"In order to get a weapon, the representative of each area must swear under the moonlight. If you don't swear, our side won't activate the weapon."

"So you want me to make that oath?"

It was a brazen request, but the nine participants were bound to nominate Shiro anyway.
[Translated block]


"Even in Black, a weapon is necessary. The weakest one will come out, so it won't be too dangerous."

'Really dangerous.'

Participants of White will not act until they get a weapon, but from Black's point of view, it was a golden opportunity to reduce the number.

'If White wants to fight equally with Black, a weapon is absolutely necessary. Am I a sacrificial lamb?'

While everyone was holding their breath and waiting for the decision, Shiro-ne leaned back in his chair and said,

"Okay. I'll do it."

A sigh of relief was heard, and Shiro-ne, who felt hurt by it, frowned and opened one eye.

'Huh?'

The woman sitting next to Marco was looking at Shiro-ne with an apologetic expression.

'Was it Breeze?'

All I knew was that she was working as a beautician.

She changed the shape of her lips and conveyed the words.

'Thank you.'

As soon as we arrived at Anaki Mountain, Marco said,

"We have to climb to the top as quickly as possible. If we're even a little late, the Black guys will be camping."

'You said it wouldn't be dangerous.'

I had to go into the most dangerous place to understand this world anyway, so I nodded without grumbling.

"How do I make a vow?"

"Just think that you're a member of White under the moonlight of WhiteBlack. It'll be over in no time."

"Then I'll start."

As Shiro-ne ran quickly to the top, the remaining nine participants began to plan their strategy in earnest.

"Once we get the weapon, we'll go to the area we talked about before...."

No one thought that Shiro-ne would come back.

By the time Shiro-ne arrived at the top, the harmony of WhiteBlack was almost over.

'Is this also a law?'

The moonlight coming down directly from the sky was printing a circle of tens of meters in diameter on the ground.

In the area where light and darkness intertwined in the form of yin and yang, Shiro-ne entered the place where the light was shining.

'What's Black's strategy?'

There was no movement yet, but I could feel that they were already there.

The circle of the ground drawn by the moonlight became clearer, and finally achieved a perfect harmony of black and white.

"It's starting!"

At the same time as the residents of Black shouted from all sides, someone started running from the front of Shiro-ne.

'Here's the chance! I'm going to catch you here!'

If Black couldn't get a weapon, the balance of the law would tilt towards White in no time.

"Uaaaaang!"

The person who came in under the black moonlight was a boy who seemed to have not even entered school yet.

"What......!"

As Shiro-ne hurriedly stopped the attack, the boy fell to the ground crying.

"Please save me! Please save me!"

The light and darkness of WhiteBlack rotated quickly and shot a huge pillar of light high into the sky.

A hundred stars spread out, and twenty job cards hit each chest like guided missiles.

'My location is exposed.'

As I quickly twisted my waist, I could see seven cards losing their light in the bushes.

'Eight including the child. Does that mean everyone is gathered except for two?'

It was to kill Shiro-ne.

'What's my card......'

Putting aside the anger at sending the child as a vanguard, Shiro-ne checked the job card.

'Constructor?'

Without a chance to analyze the detailed characteristics, a participant of Black flew in from the bushes.

"Yahoo! Jackpot! Let's take care of the sacrificial lamb first!"

I didn't know what job I got, but it was incredibly fast, and I already had a weapon card in my hand.

"Go! Power Bomb!"

The card flashed, and dozens of bombs were scattered towards Shiro-ne and the child.

"Uaaaang! Please save......!"

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwang!

The tremendous explosion shook the top of the mountain, and the participant of Black burst into a mad laughter and shouted.

"Kuhahaha! This makes it 9 vs 9! Fair, right?"

"You're talking nonsense."

At the voice heard from the side, the participant turned his head, and the photon cannon hit his abdomen.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]