


[713] What do you get? (2)

"Rang...!"

Someone shouted.

"It's a ranker!"

As soon as they saw the number 97 written on the girl's forehead, everyone around them fell to the floor.

"Your Highness!"

The pursuers who had been chasing behind also noticed and bowed down on the ground, trembling from a distance.

According to Siroene's prediction, the city's population was 427,620, and the girl in front of him was the ninety-seventh most superior among them.

"What's going on, Panica?"

-Code name 97 Panica.

A girl of similar age who came out of the store late approached Panica and looked around with a surprised expression.

"Oh my, why are there so many people here?"

The number 113, which was lower than Panica, was written on her forehead, and based on that fact, Siroene guessed.

'Is there any humanity left?'

Of course, if Panica did anything to 113, it wouldn't be a sin.

"I don't know. This guy suddenly..."

Panica pointed at Siroene and stopped talking when she saw that there was no number on his forehead.

"Huh? A numberless?"

It was a situation that needed an explanation, but the people around him were silent and closed their mouths.

'If you get caught by a ranker, it's over.'

Panica was known not to kill people for fun, but who knows?

Maybe she had a headache today, or the food didn't taste good, or she just felt bad for no reason today.

"You."

Panica pointed at someone randomly and the man who was pointed at flinched and raised his head.

"Yes! Yes! 97th Lord!"

His face turned dark as if he had a terminal illness, with the number 324,801 written on it.

"Explain what's going on."

"I will obey your command!"

He organized his thoughts while getting up and told everything he knew, swallowing his saliva.

"Hmm, so a numberless came into the city, and that person is..."

Panica finally spoke to Siroene.

"That's you, right?"

"Why don't you just ask me from the beginning?"

Siroene thought he could get some information from here since he met a high number anyway.

"Huh? You sound different. Did you come from another city?"

Sometimes foreigners from other cities became numberless and flowed into code names.

The world was different but the thoughts were the same, so Siroene summoned an artificial brain outside (language translation version).

'Will it work?'

When Siroene gestured with both hands to hold it, Panica grabbed it without fear.

'That's a lot of confidence.'

She seemed to have nothing to fear except code.

"Yeah. This is my first time in this city. So I want to know. Why are there numbers on people's foreheads?"

As the outside vibrated and penetrated the language, Panica's eyes showed interest.

"Ho ho, that's a unique ability."

It was an ability that the residents of code name used.

"Panica, let's just kill him. A human who rejects numbers, he's filthy just by looking at him."

113 glared at Siroene with disgust and said, but Panica didn't even consider it.

"No. If he came from another city, it would be better to get a code name. It would be better than dying as a numberless."

"Let's do that. That would be better."

Siroene realized that code was still the best from the sight of 113 changing his words in an instant.

"How about it? If you want a code name, I'll guide you."

'It's definitely simple and easy.'

He could get all the information he needed in this world if he could somehow get a high code name.

"Okay, guide me."

As Siroene agreed, Panica looked around and said.

"Everyone get out of here."

People got up as if a natural disaster had occurred and ran away like crazy.

Unless 1 through 96 appeared and gave special instructions, her orders would be valid.
[Translated block]


"Follow me. Let's go to the temple."

The temple stood under the pastel-colored sky.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre-World No. 1583.

The place where Shirone arrived was a village called Whiteblack, where about 2,000 people lived.

There was a special rule here: from the age of fourteen, you had to choose one of two areas: white or black.

"Do I have to decide too?"

"Of course. You're over fourteen, aren't you?"

The white area, where everything was decided by voting, and the black area, where even murder was allowed.

The surprising fact was that most of the residents chose white, unlike the original world.

'Well, who would want to live in black?'

Shirone also chose white, and the next day the village chief of white came to his house.

"There's an agreement between white and black. Each area selects 10 representatives and takes a survival test."

"Why do we have to do that?"

"Because no one works in black. The winning area gets 80 percent of the village's produce."

"That's too cruel."

"Black suggested it. If there was no such agreement, black would plunder the white residents."

The residents who chose black were a minority, but they were so cruel and ruthless that they were a source of fear for white.

"And you've been elected as one of the representatives of white. You'll be leaving for Anarchy Mountain at midnight today."

Shirone was dumbfounded.

"No, I just learned the rules for the first time..."

"It's a matter of voting."

The moment white denies the result of the vote, the difference from black disappears.

"This is how we live. You can appeal, but nothing will change. The number of white residents is 1,600."

"What happens if I refuse?"

"You'll be banished to black. But they'll also pick 10 people there, and you'll have a high chance of being picked by the logic of power."

'Whether I'm picked by voting or by getting beaten up, it's all the same, maybe I should investigate black?'

Shirone was confident that he could win in either area, but he postponed his judgment for now.

'But I guess I have to participate.'

If this world was also isolated by Geppin with a special criterion, knowing his intention was a shortcut to breaking the seal.

"What are the odds of winning?"

"The survival game has been played 849 times historically and white has a 51 percent advantage."

"51 percent? That's higher than I thought?"

It was an achievement achieved by fighting against people who kill like eating in the black area.

"It's a difference in desperation. Black has a small population and only needs 20 percent of the produce for the strong. But if white doesn't get 80 percent, their families will starve for a year."

That was the problem.

"Black is just jealous. They want to give despair to peaceful white like this. Sometimes there are really strong ones, but sometimes there are opposite ones. We have to win."

After sending off the village chief, Shirone sank into his thoughts.

'White can be peaceful because there is black, and black cannot exist without white.'

As if good and evil define each other and define themselves.

'Is it all the same no matter what I choose?'

Time passed quickly like an arrow, and as midnight approached, Shirone showed up at the promised place.

"Hoo, you're here."

Hearing the sighs of relief from the residents who were worried that he might run away, Shirone entered the square.

'Five men including me. Is it a result of voting that the gender ratio is half?'

The nine representatives standing side by side looked at Shirone with different emotions.

* * *

Labyrinth Andre-World No. 1.

Hearing the roar of a volcanic eruption, Shirone flew quickly over the lush forest of a primitive planet.

The sulfur smell was so strong that he vomited, but there was no time to rest in such a vast world.
[Translated block]


```
'It's human.'

Except for the fact that they used weapons and covered their genitals, they looked like monkeys that could be believed.

"Ooga ooga! Ooga ooga!"

They were hunting with sharp-edged wood, but when the beast counterattacked, they screamed and scattered.

'They are still weak.'

Seven men gathered again at the place where the beast disappeared.

"Krrr! Krrr!"

They rolled on the ground like children, and some even started to cry pitifully.

Sydney opened the Ultima system.

"I have to starve again today! I'm hungry! I want meat!"

A man who showed his teeth like a monkey hit the chest of the person next to him and shouted.

"Why did you run away! You said you would stab it!"

"When did I say that!"

A fight broke out, and unlike the beast, they threw fierce punches at each other.

"Kraaaah!"

The trees snapped and the huge body of the dragon landed, shaking the ground.

"It's a dragon! Dragon! It's a dragon!"

The humans who stopped fighting drooled and wet their pants, then lay flat on the ground and shouted.

"Please spare us! Please spare us!"

To the humans of this world, dragons were gods.

"Pathetic things...."

The dragon opened its mouth wide for a meal, when a photon cannon hit its face.

"Krrrrr!"

The dragon turned its direction in a hurry from the physical shock that it could not experience unless it was a battle between its own kind.

"Hu...man?"

The dragon saw Sydney and its eyes flashed with blue electricity, then it closed its mouth tightly.

"...."

The dragon flapped its huge wings and lifted its body several meters.

"You are the one who came from another world."

"How do you know me?"

The dragon's mind was integrated with a network of binary numbers, and the experience of a specific entity was stored on the web.

"Our king will call you."

The dragon left those words and disappeared into the sky, and the humans who were trembling gathered around Sydney and danced around him.

"You saved us. We'll do something good for you."

"Good thing? What's a good thing?"

The humans who understood Sydney's words without any special ability shook their hips back and forth.

"No, wait! I don't need that."

Sydney raised his hand, but they dragged him along, and soon arrived at a cave not far away.

"Here! Here! We caught it!"

"Kiiii! Kiyaaak!"

Sydney translated the scream of an angry woman with Ultima.

"Let me go! You stupid monkeys!"

If she called the humans of this world monkeys, it meant she came from another world or was a special visionary.

'Who is she?'

There was a precious fire burning in the cave, and in the corner there was a woman tied up with vines.

She was hairy like any other human, and there was no dignity in her struggling appearance.

'Did I mistake her?'

Sydney felt disappointed for a moment, but he realized something from her eyes and felt his heart stop.

"Kiyaaak! Kiek! Ki...!"

She also seemed shocked to see Sydney and stopped screaming and barely squeezed out words.

"Sy...ro...ne..."

She looked different, but the energy she felt from her eyes was definitely Uorin's.

'No, she's not Uorin.'
```
[Translated block]
Do you need me to explain what this sentence means or why I translated it this way?
[Translated block]