


The Age of Chaos (1)

Abel gritted his teeth, but he couldn't help but groan at the pain that was transmitted to his heart.

"Ugh..."

Everyone who looked at her, even Gustav IV, who prided himself on understanding Habits...

"Why? Why?"

They didn't understand the current situation.

"Your Majesty."

They didn't experience Satan's 0.666 seconds, but even if they had realized it, nothing would have changed.

"Hahaha."

Habits, hiding behind Abella's body as a shield, had bloodshot eyes.

"Hahaha."

His breath was rough enough to stick and fall off his nostrils, and his eyes filled with blood were full of sorrow.

"Yo...bo..."

As the sound of the law breaking and the sound of the law breaking at the same time, Abella's eyes rolled up.

"It's broken."

Valkan, who was looking at Abella, who had fallen to the floor, slowly raised his gaze.

'Habits, you broke the law.'

Habits, still breathing heavily, were just mourning the death of their beloved woman.

As the door of Ex Machina opened, the smell of blood rose heavily from the steam.

"Quick! Move quickly!"

The medical staff waiting outside carried unconscious Iruki on a stretcher.

Agaya looked back at Ex Machina.

"Phew, I can't use it now."

Iruki forcibly twisted the law.

The calculation devices melted in the heat.

'But I got a more powerful brain.'

Looking at Iruki being carried away on a stretcher, Agaya prayed in her heart.

'If you can wake up.'

As the commotion subsided, Gudio, who had been puffing on a cigarette, stomped on the ground.

"Damn it!"

"What happened? Didn't it succeed?"

The captain of Kashan's special forces asked, but the people playing card games kept their mouths shut.

After a while, Ness spoke.

"The law didn't predict."

The only thing that could be inferred from the current result was this fact.

"He killed the woman he loved."

If Habits simply didn't want to die and used Abella as a shield, the law would have twisted even that law and pierced Habits' heart.

"He didn't kill to live." Mice still couldn't believe it and spat out words with a trembling voice.

"He killed for fun."

Just because it seemed more fun.

"Is there anything closer to chaos than betraying the woman you love most in a desperate moment?"

Silence returned.

"So, what happens?"

No one answered the captain's question, but the same thought came to mind.

'Gauld defeated Buddha. But the age of man is short in history.'

It was indeed the age of chaos.

"Ugh..."

Habits were crying.

"Abella, Abella." Because she was a woman he truly loved, for the first time in his life at the moment of his last choice, he had doubts.

'Who am I?'

Dying instead of Abella was not a difficult task.

'But why did I have to do this?'

Existential killing is common in the world, but the basis of that act is always hatred.

'I really loved her.'

No one can throw away a person they loved with all their heart without a moment's hesitation.

'No one can do it.' What kind of emotion will I receive when I do such a thing, what will that feeling be?

"Hehe. Hehehe."

I'm so curious that I'm going crazy.

"Hahaha! Yes, that's right! This is it! This feeling! This pleasure that can't be obtained with any drug!"

The reason why he did not accept Satan's proposal was only one.

"This is really fun!"

Because he was already Satan.

'Awakens.'

Valkan realized, looking at the purple haze rising from Habits' body.
[Translated block]


"Woooooah!"

Habits' eyes bulged as a giant figure of Satan soared through the sky.

If there is a concept that can firmly kill a loved one, it is only soul money.

And humans call it evil.

"What?"

Guy, who was almost sitting and bending his lower body, quickly turned to the inner city.

Shirone and Minerva were looking at the same thing.

"Oh my...

A form of evil made up of only demonic energy seemed to swallow Bashken, looking down below.

Even Guy, a madman, realized that the current situation was not good and put his sword away.

"If we meet again on the battlefield, I will kill you mercilessly."

Shirone did not answer, and Guy, who seemed to have no intention of listening, ran through the city gate to Habits.

"What are you going to do?"

Minerva asked.

"We failed."

The breaking of the "Law" could be known by the appearance of Satan, the king of lawlessness.

"It's my responsibility."

From now on, the world will be dyed with great evil that cannot be controlled by love or extreme goodness.

"No, it's our responsibility."

"A clumsy line provokes evil."

The counterattack of goodness that could be carried out because there was no Buddha.

'Shouldn't we have provoked?' The situation Mahoro Amanata was worried about was the supreme evil that breaks the line and appears.

'It's really difficult. What on earth is this world...'

How can everyone be happy?

"Shirone, let's go back. We need to come up with a countermeasure."

The area of goodness that could be expanded a little by working hard for a year will rapidly decrease.

"What about hitting Habits now?"

I kept thinking that I couldn't do it.

"Don't rush. It was just a matter of blocking the holy war. If you try something, they will respond with something."

If only I were a person and everyone else was just a doll, the world would go as I wished...

"You can't destroy the extreme evil unless the power of goodness is concentrated. It's not a world you can change alone."

So the world is in pain.

"From today, the Republic of Cotria will disappear. But there are still dozens of countries left to protect."

Shirone bit her lips until they bled and flew up into the sky following Minerva.

"The desire of humans. It is indeed endless." The incarnation of Habits, who had become an extreme evil with a physical body, proclaimed from the end of the sky.

"From now on, you are the Satan of this era. Lead my army of hell. The 72 legions will follow you."

When the purple haze seeped into Habits, his pupils scanned the light like shimmering oil.

"What happened?" Balkan approached.

"I don't know. Mumbling."

Habits didn't care, but it seemed fun to command the demons of the 72 legions.

"Abella is gone."

Death is the voice of a mother calling for a meal.

"Night is coming."

So the playground prank will end someday.

"We are all children who have been abandoned."

Children who are not sought by their parents do not know when to stop running around even after dusk.

"Finally...

Habits looked back at his friends.

"Let's conquer the world once before we go." Balkan's eyes were full of mischief, and Natasha tore her mouth with excitement.

"Good! No one goes home first!"

The Gustav Empire, which destroyed the Republic of Cotria, officially started the World War.

The neighboring country, Kassan, lost a tenth of its territory, and the Kingdom of Paras in the Middle East also suffered a fatal blow.

"We have to break through the Akkad Desert. Then we can eat dozens of kingdoms in the central continent."

Across the sea, in the east, a fierce naval battle with the Jincheon Empire was taking place.
[Translated block]


"It's not easy on the sea side. First, take over the 회 Kingdom and 중 Kingdom. Cut off the support route of the 7 Kingdoms."

The kingdoms that occupied the waist of the Eastern Continent were 회 and 중.

"What will be the treatment of the occupied countries?"

At the words of the manager, Balkan looked back at Habitz.

"What should we do?"

"Play around and kill them all. Don't let any human in this world step in except for the Gustav Empire."

It was our playground, and it was also the ultimate goal that 마 aimed for.

"By the way, there's a part that bothers me."

Balkan looked down at the world map.

A red line starting from the northwest of Kashaan was vertically connected to the central continent.

"All the demon armies along this line were annihilated. As if erased with an eraser."

Natasha's eyes sparkled.

"The knight of 마하."

The number of demons he killed while laughing was over 10,000, including two legionnaires.

"I thought it was a childish goal of a knight's performance, but he really drew a line across Kashaan."

Smodo was gloomy.

"Why bother? It's not coming our way, and how much can one person erase?"

The red line drawn on the map was definitely thin.

"The problem is the legionnaire. We lost the 69th and 57th legionnaires. Ordinary soldiers are quickly replenished, but losing a legionnaire is a big loss."

Natasha pointed to herself.

"Should I go see?"

Balkan didn't want to.

'I can't imagine Natasha being killed by someone. But really, this line is unpleasant.'

The trajectory that a normal human being can draw by bypassing when it's hard and running away when it's dangerous.

'I can't find a shaken trace.' He just pierced through.

"Let's be careful for now. Let's have the kids check the movements of the knight of 마하." It was spring when flowers bloomed like blood.

"You... how dare a human like you...!"

The demons of the 55th Legion, who ruled the desert in the southwest of Kashaan, were turned into corpses and covered the sand.

"This is not the end. The billions of demons will definitely find you and tear you apart...

"It's boring, the same thing every time."

The young man with blue hair up to his shoulders and a beard like fur put his great sword on his back.

"Do you guys memorize this separately?"

The body of the 55th Legionnaire Pawel was split from the top of his head with a chilling sound.

"Is this the end of the desert?"

The blue-haired man closed one eye and looked at the horizon where the city was built.

The knight of 마하, Agent Lian (22 years old).

"I finally arrived."

He had never seen a map.

He just walked south following the stars, eating anything when he was hungry and digging the ground when it was cold.

'Walking will eventually lead to it.'

He defeated many strong enemies, but he never felt that he had gained strength.

"Can I be strong if I split the sky?"

When he drew the great sword vertically, an illusion as if the world was split appeared in both eyes.

I don't know.

"Kido, how about you? Is there any progress?"

What is the first companion of the sect doing somewhere now?

"Work hard. I'll go first." With the conviction that he would not give up, Lian moved his steps to where the city was visible.

"I wish I could wash. People might mistake me for a monster."

It was the first time in a year that he encountered civilization, but the smell of demon blood was too strong.

'If I came properly, it would be the Jaib Kingdom.'

The Seven Kings of the Holy Temple.

The rainy season is long and there are many cloudy days, and there is a school that produces the Buddha of the age.

"I wish I could meet Shiron."

Lian didn't know.

The race that rules the night of the world is wandering the streets of Jaib, seeking blood.

That's a fact.
[Translated block]