


```text
[374] 16 volumes - Graduation class briefing (2)

The courage of truth began and the first question was over. That alone created a subtle tension among the students.

The words that came out today are never mentioned again, but it was inevitable that the parties would not be hurt.

Everyone is desperately fighting.

'This is it. I didn't know and almost got into trouble.'

Shirone looked back at Amy with a light heart.

No matter what question comes out, she only has to point her out, so the risk of being caught up in a psychological war from the beginning disappeared.

Amy met her eyes and shrugged her shoulders.

She also went through this process in the graduation class last year. It was more valuable than gold for Shirone, a freshman in the graduation class.

'Thank you, Amy. Really thank you.'

Psychological pressure wrapped in the name of tradition.

Being able to avoid the psychological check of competitors from the beginning would definitely work as an advantage in the graduation class.

"Haha, good! Then shall we move on to the next one? How about Pony doing this time? You have to do it once anyway."

Pony asked Nate, who was standing across from him with an ice rink-like face.

"Well. Who was the first person you saw when you came here?"

It was a bland question that left no room for psychological warfare. She seemed to have no interest in the courage of truth.

Screamer looked at her disappointedly.

"Hey, is that all? Try to have some fun."

"I'm done. This is childish."

Nate checked Class 2's face. You could find meaning in any question, but as lightly as Pony asked, he also honestly pointed to someone.

"The first person I saw was that guy?"

The eyes focused on the person Nate pointed to.

A tall man with perfect curly hair, dark skin exposed to the sun for a long time, and a cheekbone protruding from his skinny body.

Shirone realized that Nate had not waged a psychological war. In fact, he was also the first person to catch his eye when he came here.

'Pisho.'

Pisho was the oldest in the graduation class at twenty-five, and looked thirty-five by appearance alone.

His major is insect line. Magic that deals with insects, which is a very unique position among various magics.

The insect line was a field that developed more academically than magic.

As it was difficult to harmonize with other lines, most of the majors also turned to scholars, but he stayed at school until he was twenty-five because he could get much better treatment if he obtained a magician's license.

Screamer lost his appetite as much as the boring result. Then he decided to take the initiative himself for a mood reversal.

It was impossible to miss this opportunity to step on freshmen who had just entered the graduation class.

"Then I'll ask this time."

Screamer's opponent was Dante. It felt like a big battle as it was number one in Class 2 and Class 3.

"Who do you think you can win no matter what? In other words, students who are so weak that they can beat them with one finger."

Shirone tensed up involuntarily even though it wasn't a question for him.

Whoever points out will crush their pride. It was a question that would inevitably leave resentment no matter what choice you made.

Dante frowned and pondered.

The students of Class 2 looked at him with sharp eyes. It was a face that said, just try picking me.

"Hmm, this is really hard?"

Screamer laughed, showing his unique red tongue.

"Just be honest. No matter what choice you make, you never retaliate as an unwritten rule."

"Can't I just say all of Class 2? They all seem to be there anyway."

The atmosphere that seemed to explode with excitement subsided in an instant. The expression of Class 2 became cold, and Shirone's eyes narrowed.
```
[Translated block]


It was a word that Dante, who was once the most promising of the kingdom, could spit out.

'Anyway... your personality is amazing, really.'

Screamer didn't get excited.

He wasn't unaware of Dante's intentions. It was a strategy to disperse emotions to everyone and rather ease the hostility.

"I'm sorry, but that won't work. You have to choose only one person. That's the rule of the courage of truth."

Dante pointed at Screamer nonchalantly.

"Really? Then I'll go with you. You're the first in class two, so if I choose you, everyone will be below me."

'Is this kid really crazy?'

This time, even Screamer couldn't help but get angry.

Airhain Dante. The number one prospect who received the best evaluation even at the Royal Magic Academy.

He is still one of the top candidates for graduation.

But such a public opinion was only from the perspective of the advanced class.

Once you cross the steel door, it's no longer an advanced class.

No matter how outstanding your skills are, if you make a mistake once, you fall into hell. That was the competitive system of the advanced class.

'This is why I hate kids. They don't know how high the sky is because they're praised in the advanced class.'

Dante's declaration of war was very effective. The faces of Class Two, who had been smiling cleverly, finally began to get serious.

"Can I ask a question this time?"

Maya raised her hand and said.

There was no need to get anyone's permission, but Screamer nodded his head as if he had the right to do so.

"Go ahead."

Maya smiled with strength and looked at Sirone.

Sirone swallowed saliva waiting for the question. What kind of question would it be?

At first he thought it was nothing, but when the situation came up, he couldn't help but feel his heart beat faster.

'All I have to do is choose Amy. It's already a promised situation. There's no pressure no matter what question comes.'

Maya asked with a sparkle in her eyes.

"Who is the girl you love so much that you want to hug and kiss her right now?"

"Hmm... uh?"

Sirone's eyes shook.

This time, even Amy didn't expect it, and she couldn't hide her embarrassed expression.

Sirone stared at Maya's malicious smile.

This is not a problem of choosing an answer. It's a question that assumes you already know the answer.

'What should I do? Should I just point to someone else?'

He racked his brains, but in the end there seemed to be no better solution than sticking to his original strategy.

"I, I..."

Sirone lowered his red face and pointed at Amy.

Then Amy, who couldn't bear the embarrassment, turned her head and looked at a distant mountain.

"Wow! Really? Was it really dating?"

Aider exaggeratedly made a fuss and pressured Sirone.

In fact, there was a rumor in the graduation class that Sirone and Amy's relationship was not a fake romance.

Graduation classes are reluctant to date on campus. The probability of holding hands and passing with your lover in the final 10 is very low.

Screamer clapped his hands and lifted the mood.

"Wow, but you're honest enough to point it out, aren't you? How about showing us once since it came up?"

Sirone ignored him and looked at Maya. She just smiled as if it was fun.

Why did she ask him such a question?

He would never hear it again after this moment passed, but this question was not something he could pressure freshmen with, nor was it something she would be interested in.

The courage of truth continued, and finally it was Ruman's turn to ask Eruki a question.

While waiting, Ruman ate a bag of potato chips and stuffed the last crumbs into his mouth and said.

"Then I'll ask you. Who is the girl in Class Two who doesn't seem like a virgin at all?"

Pony's golden eyebrows slanted fiercely.

"Low..."

That's why he didn't like the tradition of graduation classes. Why should he be a candidate for such a question as a royal?
[Translated block]


```
This is what Pony thought, regardless of how it turned out, Luman explained why he was not satisfied.

"So, I mean, a woman who seems to roll around with any man."

The women's displeasure was burning.

It was one of the reasons why Luman, who had excellent crowd control skills, could not get out of Class 2.

"Hmm, that's what you mean."

Iruki tried to find his own evidence by holding his chin.

Of course, there was no way to tell by appearance alone. But choosing something by intuition was not his constitution either.

Amy knew, so excluding her, there were four women in Class 2: Pony, Maya, Suabi, and Dorothy.

Iruki looked at Pony's face first. She turned her head slightly as if she had been insulted by that alone.

'She's royalty...'

Pony's first impression was a cold and noble ice flower.

If she was royalty, she would at least not mingle with common nobles. The range of male candidates would have to shrink by standard deviation.

'Well, she's like that, next is Maya?'

Maya was watching with interest what answer would come out. She was also a candidate herself, but she seemed to just enjoy the situation right now.

'Do you like it too much? This is also a bit...'

Iruki turned his gaze to Suabi.

The girl with brown hair braided short in pigtails had not said a word since the graduation class event started and had not made eye contact with anyone either.

She looked as gentle as a rabbit in appearance and personality, and now she was trembling with fear of males.

'She's too shy. Isn't she a utility major?'

Utility magic was an auxiliary line that supported other magicians rather than doing something by themselves.

If sound magic had an advantage in wide-range buffs, utility focused on individual enhancement and had excellent effects.

In the world of pros, it was the first line to look for in a party, but there were not many magicians who chose it as their major because it had more dependence than crowd control.

As she had to face countless magicians, Suabi's timid personality was definitely unexpected.

But on the other hand, it could be said that she chose utility as her major because she had low self-esteem and a passive personality.

'She's very anxious. On the other hand...'

Iruki finally moved his gaze to Dorothy.

She was a girl who wore big glasses and had dull eyes.

She could be pretty if she wanted to, but she didn't seem to care about her posture at all.

Her major was manipulation of the Joner line, and she was a four-dimensional girl who always carried around a tin can doll that was her manipulation target.

Shirone also showed special interest in Dorothy.

He had heard about Joner from Flue, so this year's Dorothy looked quite different from last year.

'So that doll moves by algorithm. I thought it was some kind of hobbyist.'

Iruki finished his thoughts.

His finger stretched out to the right and pointed at Dorothy.

"Let's go with you."

Everyone's eyes focused on her, but Dorothy didn't react. She seemed to live in a different world by herself.

Iruki awkwardly lowered his hand.

After a while, she came back to reality and opened her mouth.

"Why me?"

Iruki nodded his head as if it was a good question.

"What I observed was resignation and resistance. If you're seriously lewd, you wouldn't want to show it to others. By that standard, you were the best at blocking your emotions."

Dorothy went back to another world as if asking what he wanted. And after 10 seconds, she came back and opened her mouth.

"That's right."

The boys looked at Dorothy with surprised eyes.

There was no need to answer in Truth or Dare. But once he vomited out of his own mouth, he wondered what else he would say.

"I love all men."

Dorothy looked at Iruki for the first time.

"Iruki. I love you too."

Iruki's eyelids opened and closed quickly.
```

What do you think of this translation? Do you want me to continue the story?
[Translated block]


"And I love women too."

"Huh?"

A question came out from someone.

Regardless, Dorothy hugged the tin doll and slowly lowered her gaze.

"But I hate humans."

"......"

The eyes that were focused on Dorothy scattered in different directions. It was an instinctive reaction.

'What is she saying? Is she out of her mind?'

Shirone was also bewildered. She had to compete with these people in the future.

Especially, the class leader had not even stepped forward yet.

She felt that it would not be easy from the first day.
[Translated block]