


[448] Mental Armament (3)

As the aura of death disappeared, Postmetery moved Jullu and Gangnan back to their original space-time.

Gangnan stared blankly at the ice that had lost its darkness.

Only Gaold was breathing heavily, shaking his shoulders.

'How foolish you are as a human.'

She was always by his side, serving him, but even she did not expect Gaold's power to rise so much.

He did not train specially, nor did he gain any enlightenment.

Miro, whom he met for the first time in 20 years.

The closer he got to her time and space, the greater the pain he could endure also increased exponentially.

That was the point that Gangnan was worried about.

Even if Gaold had overcome the limit of pain perception due to self-reinforcing mutation, the endurance of living beings was not infinite.

Just like the day 15 years ago when Gaold first fell into the inferno of heat.

"What are you trying to do...!"

"It's not over yet."

As Gangnan approached, Gaold opened his mouth.

As if he had been waiting, darkness sprang up from under the ice again and completed the form of Hel.

'An intangible entity.'

In the world where Gaold lived, there were typical ghosts.

Beings that go back and forth between the boundary of mind and matter, who are not affected by physical influences in a mental state and cannot affect them either.

But when they become material, they can exert physical force and also be affected by physical force.

Hel also escaped the crisis by moving from matter to mind just before Gaold's air pressing crushed his body.

It was a tricky ability for humans to deal with, but for Hel, the ruler of Niflheim, it was a humiliating thing.

Hoooh!

Hel's hollow pupils spun like a whirlpool and dragged Gaold into the depths of the abyss.

The world was plunged into darkness again, and the battle between the one who could not die and the one who did not die began.

The air magic of 500,000 times pain perception was already beyond the realm of air attribute.

The air gun's air bullets were fired at an incredible speed.

Despite the rapid fire, holes were simultaneously pierced in Hel's torso as if hit by buckshot.

Hel, who was torn apart, rushed towards Gaold.

"Human! I will sprinkle your ashes on top of Miro's corpse!"

"Keeeeee!"

Hel's provocation backfired.

Hundreds of wrinkles folded on Gaold's distorted face and hot steam leaked out from between his clenched teeth.

Gaold's ultimate skill inferno of heat unfolded.

In the dark space like a night sky, flames of fire flickered and screams of dead souls and ogres, extreme cold and heat mixed together.

Even Hel, the ruler of the dead, had no choice but to keep silent in front of Gaold's powerful ultimate skill.

'Is there such a human?'

Hel changed his mind immediately.

'No, is he really human?'

It was 500,000 times pain perception.

No one could imagine what kind of hell Gaold was experiencing.

No one could even guess.

But for Gaold, that was the only reality.

'Miro...'

No matter how painful it was, he did not die.

'Miro.'

The reason did not matter.

The day 20 years ago, when Miro was dragged away and he had to watch helplessly. That day, Gaold gave up on becoming any being.

He had experienced countless shocks and his memory was twisted, but even in that confusion, only Miro's voice never faded away.

-You are weak.

The 20 judges judged. The whole world clung desperately. And Miro walked into Istas herself.

But only Gaold knew the truth. The truth was Miro's voice when they met at the eve of the 20 judges' trial.

-You can't do anything!

Blood tears poured out from under Gaold's inverted whites.

'Miro!'

Pain perception 1 million times-air pressing.
[Translated block]


Hell collapsed with a bang and then reformed in the air.

It was a situation where he would have been annihilated if he had been a little late to transform into a mental state.

A light of confusion flashed across Hell's face, which felt like his soul was leaving.

He wished Gaold would die.

It was the first time since his existence that he wanted someone's death so desperately.

'Am I afraid? Me?'

There is no fear of death for the ruler of the dead. That's why what Hell felt was an endless fear of acceleration.

Gaold's extreme skill, which had no limit to measure, seemed to speed up forever like being on a rail with no limit.

"Kieeeeeee!"

Hell unleashed his energy with all his might, and all kinds of dead souls floated in the air with black smoke tails.

Gangnan and Zulu, who spotted the dead souls rushing toward the ground, scattered in different directions.

They could defend with Posmateri, but to displace 3 seconds in space-time, they had to exert omnipotence close to 4 years in real time.

It was a magic that consumed more than 30% of Zulu's mental power, the strongest summoner of magic, and the current available limit was only once.

It was not a good decision to use it now to save it for a decisive moment.

"Kruk!"

Gangnan raised both arms and crouched down against the attacks of the dead souls that tore through space like a whirlwind.

Black scars were engraved on her skin every time her nails scratched and passed by.

Her body, which had been trained for a lifetime, attempted to counterattack, but it only passed through the flesh of the dead souls that had returned to a mental state in vain.

'The offense and defense must be done at the same time. Is the only opportunity when the enemy attacks?'

Gangnan took the posture of Ramuayi.

Her eyes pierced the enemy sharply between her arms raised in eleven shapes.

Hoooooo!

At the same time as the dead souls attacked, her body moved.

The attack that cut through the shortest distance in a straight line exploded one after another, and the black smoke of the dead souls shattered into pieces.

Far away, Zulu summoned a giant worm Od Worm and sucked in the dead souls in a material state.

The mindless dead souls did not give up, and as their numbers decreased, their vision gradually began to fade.

"Where is Gaold?"

He was in the sky. Also, his face had changed so grotesquely that no one could tell who was the ruler of the dead now.

Life and death, extreme skill and despair collided in the sky.

"Annoying......!"

Gaold's great heat hell spread to an unprecedented scale, reaching out beyond Hell's darkness.

Bakum Press!

At that point, Gaold's long-term skill that compressed even Ataraxia's photon cannon was cast.

The vast atmosphere compressed into one point, and Hell's whole body began to tighten rapidly.

'Can't I get out?'

Even though he had transformed into a mental state, Hell could not penetrate the force of vacuum that was gradually shrinking.

Extreme skill.

Hell finally realized. Why he, the ruler of death, felt fear of a mere human.

It was because Gaold was not afraid.

"Kieeeeeee!"

Hell continued to be compressed.

From a small sphere to a smaller sphere, to a point, and finally to nothing...

At the moment of annihilation, Hell exploded and countless dead souls he contained spread out in all directions.

The roar they let out was powerful enough to spread throughout Niflheim, and powerful enough to kill any creature that heard it at once.

Zulu and Gangnan arrived behind Gaold who was floating defenselessly at that time and moved all three of them to another space-time with Posmateri's ability.

The roar spread out as a shock wave compressing the air, and a perfect silence came like an eye of a typhoon.

Gaold landed on the ice sheet and lifted his head. And he heard the sound of wind swirling in transparent air.

-You can't hold on forever by denying mortality. Go to hell. There is a detestable maze there. She will drive you into true death.

It was the sound of wind.
[Translated block]


"......"

In the midst of everyone's silence, a moment later, nearly a hundred black elixirs rained down from the sky like rain.

They probably didn't know how many black elixirs Yamyong had offered, but they wouldn't have thought more than what they had.

No one in Hell would be able to collect so many black elixirs.

Gaold did not laugh.

The only thing left after the terrible pain was the sense of reality that he was still alive.

Some memories were erased and some memories remained, but what value would there be in memories that could not be arranged in chronological order?

Gaold threw all his memories into the trash can of oblivion, and turned back, holding onto the maze again.

Since that day 20 years ago, he had lived like this.

"Pick them all up. Let's go back."

Gaold turned around with a cold attitude and moved his steps.

Gangnan, who was watching Gaold pass by, bared his teeth.

He was glad that he had achieved his goal, but his reckless behavior could have jeopardized the project.

He couldn't stand to watch any more of the thunderous battle that had no tactics or strategy to speak of.

"Wait. This way......!"

As he turned around with a fierce tone, Gaold's body swayed.

Without realizing it, Gangnan took a step forward, but soon stopped his movement.

He shouldn't hold him. Because no one could understand his pain.

He was a person who had walked alone for 20 years.

'Yes. Whether you live and go back or die and get buried, it ends here.'

Gangnan vowed. He would take Gaold there by any means necessary.

* * *

Shirone returned to the First Army Command as soon as he integrated all the forces under the Second Army Command.

Armin's party, who had been allowed to run the munitions factory, had returned first, followed by Gaold's party, who had delivered the black elixirs to Yamyong.

All three parties had perfectly completed their assigned tasks, but Shirone couldn't bring himself to smile.

He heard shocking news as soon as he arrived.

The command was already devastated.

The culprit who slaughtered countless people was Babel, the metal angel that Shirone had unsealed.

He didn't have the courage to face Kanya and Lena's faces.

Clover and Gardrak, who died in the collapse of the Second Command, and now Kanya's father too.

All the deaths felt like his fault.

'But...... I have to say it.'

Shirone gathered his courage and headed for the room where the two were.

He had to be honest with them at least, that he was the one who unsealed Babel.

The sisters, who barely managed to smile when they saw Shirone, lost their expressions again as they heard Shirone's confession.

Kanya and Lena had no reaction even after hearing all the shocking facts.

Shirone didn't know if they were angry or if they had no energy to be angry anymore.

"I'm sorry. It's my fault. If I hadn't unsealed Babel...... Everything is my fault."

Lena couldn't help but burst into tears.

I don't know honestly, how I should react.

Kanya glared fiercely and said.

"If Dad had been killed by another angel, not Babel, would it not be your fault?"

Shirone couldn't answer.

"No, it's all your fault, Shirone. All the deaths that happened in heaven are all your fault."

Kanya got up from the bed and approached Shirone. And she buried her face in his chest and said.

"So please fight for us."

Shirone felt his chest moisten wetly.

"I couldn't do anything. Not even revenge...... I'm too powerless......"

In the end, Kanya also sobbed.

What she felt in front of the unimaginable enemy was that humans were nothing but prey.

But Shirone was different. And so were those who came with Shirone.

How could they do that? How could they withstand that overwhelming enormity?
[Translated block]
Shirone sighed deeply.

She came to heaven to meet Ikael, but now she couldn't do that.

"Let's go to Babel."
[Translated block]