


[599] Tree Without Roots (1)

Shirone's spirit seeped into the light.

It was the reason why he could open his eyes even in the light that could not be brighter.

'Where is this...'

It didn't feel like he was standing, as if his body had disappeared and only his spirit remained.

He tried to raise his hand, but there was nothing, and he could see anywhere, but he couldn't see anything.

At 0 o'clock and 0 minutes in the upper part of Istas, where even time was lost, Shirone faced Geopin like that.

"Hexa."

When he turned his mind to where he heard the voice, a shadow flickered from afar.

As he approached, his appearance became clearer, but the waves of light disturbed the clarity as if they would not allow any further approach.

'Is he really human?'

Shirone couldn't be sure.

The black silhouette definitely had a face and arms and legs, but due to the distortion of light, the whole body was long like a stick, and some parts were thin as if they were cut off.

"Are you Geopin?"

Geopin didn't answer, and Shirone was anxious at the thought that he could disappear at any time.

"Answer me! You have a duty to talk to me! Who am I? Am I a child of Ikael?"

"Hexa. You are the result."

Shirone didn't want to be called Hexa.

"Speak clearly. I'm very angry right now."

Geopin's voice, which seemed to choose words, continued again.

"You have no cause."

"What......"

Who in the world exists without a cause?

"You are the result. You are an absolute coincidence. That's why you're free, and that's why you can fight."

Even if he couldn't accept Geopin's words as true, he felt like his heart was breaking.

"Do you mean I don't have parents and I don't have a reason to be born?"

Doesn't even the dust floating in the universe have more meaning of existence than this?

"Answer me! Isn't Ikael my mother?"

"There was a time when she was a mother."

A rage that couldn't find a reason surged.

"Don't beat around the bush and speak clearly! Come out here! Don't hide there and show yourself!"

"I am in front of you. I am not in front of you."

Is Geopin mentally ill?

He was definitely having a conversation in the same language, but he couldn't understand any words.

"Don't analyze, accept. Accept the whole and become one. That's Ultima."

Shirone realized in the state of Jikji.

"Malso. You don't exist now."

Because he doesn't exist, he can't call him anything, and Shirone can't put him in front of him.

"I don't ask for much. I just want to accept it. Who am I? How can I know?"

"When you know everything, you will know everything."

It wasn't a pun or a roundabout, it was the most certain answer to Geopin who transcended human thought.

"When you know everything......"

If you interpret it by human standards, it's almost the same as reaching the end of truth.

"How can I meet you?"

"Beyond infinity."

It was the last phrase left in the ruins of heaven when he saw the record of Gaia.

"Beyond... infinity?"

Shirone, who was barely continuing the conversation with Geopin, couldn't solve this.

"How is that possible?"

Anyone who knows what infinity is would think the same.

"It means there's no end, right? But how can you overcome that?"

"Why do you think there's no end?"

"Isn't it obvious? The numbers go on and on......"

"Have you ever reached the end of the numbers?"

Shirone closed his mouth. Of course, he never reached it, but that's why he calls it infinity.

"Infinity is just the biggest concept that humans can think of. Look at the ultimate. Overcome infinity at the end of infinity."

Shirone finally realized in the state of Jikji.

"Malso. You don't exist now."

You don't exist, so you can't call it anything, and Shirone can't put it in front of him either.

"I don't ask for much. I just want to accept it. Who am I? How can I know?"

"When you know everything, you will know everything."

It wasn't a pun or a roundabout, it was the most certain answer to Geopin who transcended human thought.

"When you know everything......"

If you interpret it by human standards, it's almost the same as reaching the end of truth.

"How can I meet you?"

"Beyond infinity."

It was the last phrase left in the ruins of heaven when he saw the record of Gaia.

"Beyond... infinity?"

Shirone, who was barely continuing the conversation with Geopin, couldn't solve this.

"How is that possible?"

Anyone who knows what infinity is would think the same.

"It means there's no end, right? But how can you overcome that?"

"Why do you think there's no end?"

"Isn't it obvious? The numbers go on and on......"

"Have you ever reached the end of the numbers?"

Shirone closed his mouth. Of course, he never reached it, but that's why he calls it infinity.

"Infinity is just the biggest concept that humans can think of. Look at the ultimate. Overcome infinity at the end of infinity."
[Translated block]


Shirone asked again.

"Is there... an end to the water?"

"There is."

Gepin's answer was firm.

"And beyond that, I am there."

Gepin's silhouette began to shrink.

"Wait a minute! I haven't heard anything yet."

"I've conveyed everything. My existence also ends here."

If the upper layer closes, Gepin will not be found anywhere in this world.

"I'll be waiting at the end."

A massive storm of light rushed in from the place where Gepin disappeared as a dot.

Although no external force was contained, Shirone's mind was dizzy as if swept away by the waves, and it began to disintegrate into the smallest units.

"Wait. Wait......"

As the light disappeared, the back of the hand reaching out to Gepin was visible, and at that point, Shirone's eyes closed.

* * *

"Shirone! Are you okay? Shirone!"

When Anchar woke up, Shirone's eyes opened wide.

"Huh!"

The shock of all senses being reassembled as if they had been disassembled and then reassembled rushed in.

"Where is this?"

"It's outside Istas. You ran out of the door. I followed you right away and you were down."

As the senses stabilized, Shirone's eyes half-closed.

"Did you meet Gepin?"

Anchar asked just before falling asleep.

This was also the core information of the upper layer of Istas, but Shirone was not sure.

'Did I meet Gepin?'

There was a memory of having a conversation in the light, but it felt so unreal as if it was certain that it was a dream.

"I don't know. But this is for sure."

A tear fell between the closing eyelids.

"I am... rootless."

Shirone fell back into a deep sleep.

* * *

"So, you're leaving?"

Principal Olivia tilted her teacup, looking at Anchar who came with his packed luggage.

"I've got all the information I want. I have to report to the Emperor. Of course, to Valkyrie too. Then all the countries of the Three Emperors and Seven Kings will know."

It occurred to her that Anchar would obediently hand over the secrets to other countries, but she had no intention of getting involved in politics.

"Anyway, it will be good for you. There's no need to close Istas now that the upper layer is closed."

"Well, it will be good news for the graduating class. A strong competitor has disappeared."

"Of course, I'm a pro......"

Anchar looked back on his school life.

"The current graduation class is quite strong. Dante, Canis, Fermi too."

It was a name that was also engraved in Olivia's head.

"Why did you tell me? Wasn't the incident in the upper layer top secret?"

Anchar chuckled.

"You don't trust me. I'm really going to share information with Valkyrie. It's too big a piece for one empire to hold. And......"

Anchar recalled Shirone, who woke up this morning.

"Anyway, even if I cover it up, the party involved in the incident is attending school."

"Indeed......"

The secret of the upper layer that Anchar heard was surprising.

"Yolga threw a ripple in Miro's heart, and that ripple gave Shirone the option to leave Miro's space-time. Are we just living in a predetermined time?"

"I can't be sure. I think like this. It's not that time is set, but that we have the belief that we can make the same choices."

Like Yolga, who went ahead knowing death.

"Belief."

Anchar picked up his backpack and stood up.

"I should go now. Time is pressing. Say hello to Shirone for me."

"Isn't this incident going to hit Shirone?"

"I can't guarantee it. I'm just a part of the empire. But......"

Anchar, who had been thinking for a moment, said.

"I'll do my best as the head of the Galactic Empire. Let me know if you need my help."

"That's right."

Having a network that connects to the head of a department dealing with secrets in the Galactic Empire was a network that ordinary people could not imagine.
[Translated block]


"Then......"

"Just one more thing."

Olivia stopped An Chal, who was heading towards the door.

"You gave Shirone a chance to choose, which means that the maze remembers the incident in the upper layer, right? How is that possible?"

After Gepin's words, it was normal for the maze to forget about Yolga's death.

"Well, I'm also curious about that. Anyway, the maze is so strong that it can be called beyond human. But on the other hand, I also thought this. Maybe Yolga's death changed not only the memory but also the human being called the maze."

"Hmm, that might be possible."

An Chal shrugged his shoulders.

"It's just a guess after all. Only the maze knows the truth."

"Right."

Only the maze would have known.

* * *

"Parade!"

In the basement of the Marika Hotel in the Kingdom of Roblang, the drinking game was going on as usual today.

There was no one who didn't know about the maze that had been stuck in the hotel for several days, and she tied the highest record in the bar by emptying twenty-one glasses of vodka.

"Amazing, this lady! Twenty-one glasses of vodka! I was the witness of the legend when I was sixteen, but is a new legend born today?"

"If you drink one more glass, you will achieve the highest record! It's been 34 years!"

Upon hearing that, the maze held out the empty glass.

"The word 'highest' cannot be left out of my name!"

As people cheered, Sain brought the maze with a bored expression.

"Stop drinking. You, you're really drunk now."

"Hey, what's the matter? It's a good day today."

It was the day when the politician who was being pushed by the maze in the secret meeting that was secretly held in the hotel passed the agenda.

"I have to enjoy the specialty of Roblang to the fullest before I leave."

"No matter how much you drink like this, you won't be able to stand up sober. You have to think about the crisis situation."

The maze, whose cheeks were red on both sides, staggered and pointed her finger.

"Hehe, so you're waiting for me to get drunk and fall down? It's cunning. Okay, let's do it."

The maze, who put down the glass on the table, shouted.

"I challenge!"

"Good! Hey, everyone, gather around! It's the moment when a new legend is born!"

Sain sighed.

'Maze, why are you doing this?'

She was a character who didn't miss out on playing, but she had never seen her drinking so much.

"Sain, this alcohol is called vodka."

The maze, who leaned her chin on the table, looked at the two colors of water filling the glass and said.

"I don't want to know."

"Since ancient times, the fishermen of Roblang have enjoyed two kinds of alcohol. The port made in the north is distilled liquor, and the angka made in the south is fermented liquor. So when they went out to the far sea, there was a fight between the north and the south about which alcohol was better. Then the captain who couldn't stand it suggested. Instead of fighting like this, let's mix and drink together. That's the beginning of vodka."

Looking at the port and angka swirling in the glass, Sain finally realized the heart of the maze.

"What does Parade mean?"

"You and me, all of us."

"......"

Vodka was completed.

"Okay! If you drink this, you're the best!"

"Drink! Drink! Drink!"

The maze raised both arms and smiled broadly.

"Okay! Let's get started!"

When the maze grabbed the glass, everyone was silent, and the strong alcohol went down her throat.

"Uh......!"

All the drinkers in the bar stood up as they confirmed the last drop.

"Wow! Success! It's a record high!"

When the maze took a deep breath and took a big breath, dozens of people shouted at the same time.

"Parade!"

"Ha! It's killing me!"

The maze, who stuck out her tongue, fell on the chair, but Sain didn't nag anymore.

"Are you satisfied now?"
[Translated block]


"Yep. I drank too much. Let's leave in the morning."

"Will you be able to remember when you wake up?"

"Hehe. It doesn't matter, even if I can't remember."

Miro spoke, looking up at the ceiling.

"Because the feelings remain."

"......I see."

Perhaps due to the alcohol, the light coming down from the lantern blurred palely.

'Yolga sister, you're watching, right?'

She, who was small but vast, and looked up from the lowest place higher than anyone else.

Towards her beautiful face flickering in the light, Miro raised an empty glass.

"For the future that my sister and I will create......"

Cheers.
[Translated block]