


[602] Tree Without Roots (4)

* * *

Upon arriving at school, Shirone and Nade headed to the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Institute.

Sitting on the sofa, Shirone glanced and said,

"You said you'd never come even if you died."

His mind must have changed instantly upon hearing that Liz was coming to school.

"Me, me? I thought I should apologize to the kids, so I came. Should I go back?"

Bringing Nade was a success anyway.

"Okay. You should rest too. You must have had a hard time living in the mountains."

Nade, who was lying on the sofa on the other side with his arm as a pillow, recalled the story he heard from Shirone on the way here.

'You must have had a hard time too, Shirone.'

While he was lost in thought, someone knocked on the door and the two got up at the same time.

"Who is it?"

It wasn't long since the Scramble Royale ended, so it was natural to be hostile to uninvited guests.

"It's Richard."

Richard of Alchemy, a member of the Golden Wheel.

When Nade hesitated at the appearance of a person who didn't fit here at all, Shirone said,

"Come in."

He was curious about the results of Fermi and Lycon.

The door slowly opened, and Richard, with the afterimage of his red eyes, came in.

A solid physique and a strong lower jaw. It was no different from a human body, but underneath the artificial skin, there must have been mechanical devices made by alchemy at work.

"Why are you here? Is it a message from the Golden Wheel?"

"No, it's a personal request from Fermi. The Golden Wheel was disbanded yesterday."

"What?"

It was quite shocking news.

"Why?"

"I don't know the exact reason. Fermi and Lycon had a falling out."

It seemed that both of them did not die.

'Well, Fermi was seriously injured at the time.'

Nade asked,

"What about the other members?"

"Caden is missing. Hershey is angry about being used in the Scramble Royale."

It was a plausible situation.

"So what about you? Why did you leave Fermi?"

They were people who gathered looking at the profits created by Fermi rather than loyalty.

But for that reason, this decision could be said to be unexpected.

"Fermi's value hasn't dropped, has it?"

"That's right. But Fermi was the one who first suggested it. If the Golden Wheel is not disbanded, he will have to help two of your team members in the graduation exam."

"Ah......"

If the Golden Wheel itself disappears, the promise to help two people itself is invalidated.

"He calculated it from the beginning."

If he was going to disband the Golden Wheel anyway, he could freely throw the attack order in the negotiation.

"Probably. Fermi never makes a losing deal. I don't know what happened. But he seemed satisfied."

Shirone recalled the last scene of Fermi and Yolga.

"I came here to tell you that. The Golden Wheel has been disbanded. So I would appreciate it if you don't pick unnecessary fights."

"Is Fermi going to graduate this time?"

"Yes. It might be a good thing for you guys. I also received money and retired. It's a severance pay."

With that, Richard left the research meeting.

At first, it felt like being hit in the back of the head, but thinking from Fermi's point of view, all the situations fit perfectly.

"We were completely fooled. We should have known from the beginning."

"That's why Fermi stabbed and came in."

"Ha. I have to tell the kids."

Two hours later, Amy and Iruki finished the evaluation and entered the research meeting.

"Nade! What happened to you?"

Seeing the scar engraved on Nade's face, Amy shouted.

"I'm sorry. I messed up. I have nothing to say even if I have ten mouths."

Iruki said,

"It's okay. Anyway, you won. From now on, you should think about raising your rank. There's not much time left for the graduation exam."

"Ah, speaking of which......"

Shirone told them that the Golden Wheel had been disbanded, and the shock received by the two was no different.
[Translated block]


"Fermi, you coward! Are you playing tricks until the end?"

"Let's think positively. The distribution was ambiguous, and there could have been a dispute. The other team members will understand."

He had no choice but to give him a hand this time, as he had prepared for more than 10 years to meet Yolga.

In this simple way, the welcoming ceremony for Nade by the Shiro group ended, and they returned to their lodgings to prepare for tomorrow.

"Iruki."

Shirone called out in front of Iruki's room.

"Do you know a senior named Liz?"

"Liz?"

It was a surprised expression, unlike Iruki.

"How do you know that senior's name?"

"Well, I met her this morning. With Nade."

"I see."

Iruki looked back at Nade's room.

"Did you talk a little?"

"Yes. She even bought me a meal. Liz, a senior, is a precious person to Nade, right?"

"I guess so. She's the one who made that monster-like guy get his act together and live."

"What kind of person was she?"

"Hmm, if you ask what kind of person she was......"

Iruki, who remembered senior Liz, briefly defined.

"Just like Nade now."

* * *

Four years ago, when Nade was fifteen years old.

At that time, he was emitting a fierce aura that made others afraid just by looking at him.

He only exchanged a few words with Iruki and did not mix words with anyone else, and such unilateral behavior was most prominent at lunchtime.

When Nade turned his body to receive food on the tray, his friends, who had been sneaking a peek at his back, quickly turned their heads.

They were afraid that he might sit next to them.

"Hmph."

As he snorted and looked around, Iruki was also occupying a table alone.

Although they recognized each other's abilities, it was ridiculous for people who had been pushed away by others to eat together, so Nade sat at a table in the corner.

That's when Liz approached.

"Hello?"

Liz, who was smiling, appeared in Nade's eyes as he raised his head, and he heard the students murmuring behind her.

Liz, who is in the top ranks of Class 4.

Nade couldn't understand why a senior who had nothing to do with him suddenly did this.

"What are you?"

Even then, Nade was rough, even to his seniors.

"How can you say 'what' to someone who says hello, isn't that too much?"

"If you have nothing to do, get out. It spoils the taste of the food."

"Is the food you eat alone delicious? Don't do that and let's eat together. It's good to get along with seniors and juniors."

Liz couldn't stand to see someone being ostracized.

"It's annoying. Get out."

Nade's cold treatment rather heated up Liz's friends behind her.

"He's rude. He's just a kid, he thinks he's really strong."

"Liz, just come. It's best not to get involved with a crazy guy like that."

"I'll teach him a lesson. There's no need for a guy like that in a magic school."

Nade, who was a senior, endured it once.

"Go, right? Your friends are calling."

"Okay. I'll go if you tell me honestly."

"What?"

"Are you really not lonely?"

Bang!

When he hit the table, all the students turned around, and Liz, who had flinched her shoulders, froze with her eyes wide open.

In the cold silence, Nade, who had taken in everyone's gaze, stood up from his seat and tapped Liz's shoulder.

"Don't mess with me again. You might really get beaten to death."

Liz, whose face was slightly pale, still stuck out her tongue playfully.

As soon as Nade moved away, her friends gathered.

"Liz, are you okay?"

"What's with that guy? I'll call him after class."

"I'll teach him a lesson. There's no need for a guy like that in a magic school."

Liz, who still had a flushed face, finally seemed to regain her senses and let out a big breath.

"Phew, he's really no joke. He's more prickly than I heard."

"Why did you talk to him? He's been skipping classes, and when I ask him, he's hanging out with bad kids outside of school."
[Translated block]


"Hmm."

Despite her friends' worried words, Liz looked at Nade's back as if it was interesting.

"Tsk!"

Nade, who had parted with his friends and entered the room, sat down on the bed and reminisced about the past.

If he hadn't approached her from the beginning, there wouldn't have been such pain.

But the reason she couldn't blame him was because the life she had left behind was now too precious.

"Engagement?"

Nade felt a heat rising in his head and buried his face in the bed.

"Ugh! What do you want me to do!"

* * *

A few days later, Liz visited Alpheus Magic School with Oscar.

"Do I really need to come? This isn't even my school."

Oscar was understandably reluctant.

"But we should at least greet the benefactor. We have to tell him about the engagement."

This was the reason.

"Liz, let's talk for a moment."

Oscar stopped in the hallway where the principal's office was located.

"Why are you in such a hurry? You can bring up the engagement slowly."

"Who's in a hurry? What's wrong with talking about it while we're here?"

"This is a complicated issue. We have to think about the workplace. What about the weapons factory if I take office here?"

"Right, I know. But Oscar, I'm not rushing you. Just......"

After some thought, Liz confessed.

"We're in love, aren't we?"

Liz was a wonderful woman, and that's why Oscar fell for her at first sight.

He didn't want to lose her with all his heart.

'If love is everything......'

As Oscar hesitated, Liz was overwhelmed with fear, and as always, she gave in this time too.

"Okay. It seems like it's not the right time to talk about the engagement. Let's just say hello."

"I'm sorry. I have a lot to think about too. As you know, joining the association is a great opportunity......"

"Hehe! I know. Now, relax! Let's go!"

As Liz cheered up Oscar's heart and knocked on the door of the principal's office and entered, Alpheus, who had already noticed, greeted her with a smile.

"It's been a long time, Liz."

"Hello, Principal! You're still young!"

"Haha! It was fun to joke like that a year ago. Sit over here."

Alpheus offered her a seat and poured tea.

"But who is this handsome man?"

Oscar, who was dealing with a 4th class public magician, bowed politely.

"Hello. I am Clead Oscar, an 8th class public magician."

"He's my boyfriend. He's likely to be appointed to the Creas Magic Association this time."

"I see. He looks reliable."

After some conversation, Liz asked.

"But what did you mean at the beginning? Is there something wrong?"

Alpheus shook his head as if he was dying.

"Don't even mention it. I've aged a lot in a year. There are so many troublemakers in the graduating class."

"I met Nade a while ago. He said he's currently ranked last."

"Isn't the ranking already out of the question for those kids? I'm talking about your direct juniors."

"Hehe."

Liz took it as an honorable compliment.

"But it's not just because of that. This year's graduating class is really high level. There has never been such fierce competition in the history of the school."

"Oh my, is that so?"

"Yes. The average ability of the students is said to be 3.8 times higher than other schools."

Oscar couldn't understand.

"The average is 3.8 times?"

"Yes. You can't even guess how much gap there is between the top and bottom. It's not an exaggeration to say that the hierarchy is meaningless."

Liz said with a blank expression.

"That's amazing. You must be having a hard time, Principal."

He would have wanted to graduate all the students in the graduating class.

"Yes. But this is also part of the process. It may be hard now, but the students who graduate this time will grow into magicians who shine the kingdom faster than anyone else."
[Translated block]
And in those troubled times, such wizards were needed.

"So Nade is......"

Alpheus, who read Liz's mind, said.

"Don't worry. The children of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Association are not at all inferior to the top competitors. They are fighting brilliantly."

Liz smiled brightly at Alpheus, who was kind but never spoke empty words.

"Of course. Who's the junior?"
[Translated block]