
Amy bit her lip and looked down at her cup.

"It was... horrible. You know how hard it is to get into the top 1000 out of tens of thousands of applicants, right? And then you have to face five opponents in a row in one day. It's like a survival game."

She paused for a moment and continued in a bitter voice.

"I managed to win four matches somehow. But in the last match... I met him
[Translated block]
Sydney looked at Amy with a tense expression. It must have been a memory she didn't want to think of.

But she also wanted to hear it.

Especially since she had to face Fermi's party after the break, the more information she had, the better.

Fortunately, Amy didn't look particularly miserable. She seemed to have overcome the one-dimensional period of pain.

"I was lynched... it started 1 minute and 32 seconds after the battle started."

Amy's red eyes glowed red as she pulled out information from that time.

"As soon as the interpersonal combat item was applied, Ichonbeon activated and all the participants moved at a fast speed. That's when I thought I should target Samuel first. The other participants seemed to think the same."

Shirone said.

"Samuel is a spirit mage."

"Right. It takes time for spirit magic to activate. Samuel's level of super-sound at the time of training was 148 syllables per second. It takes at least 4 seconds to activate intermediate magic. But once the spirit is complete, the amplification power is enormous, so it is the highest priority target in interpersonal combat items. But Fermi broke the flow."

Amy's face turned serious.

"It was really strange. That feeling. Discomfort. Of course, I didn't have the mind to think of collusion at the time of the battle, but I instinctively decided to change the target to Fermi. In retrospect, that was a misjudgment. I couldn't see the target clearly because Rycon's plasma was laid down. So I tried close combat, but they seemed to have made a promised play."

Amy was silent for a while. She seemed to be reviewing the situation at the time when she made a fatal mistake.

She shook off her regret and took a deep breath. And she came back to reality and dropped her shoulders.

"After that, the tide turned, and as you know, I was pushed unilaterally and eliminated early."

Dante, who had been lost in thought, asked.

"But Fermi's party has been using that tactic for a long time? The promised play thing."

"Right. I didn't prepare for it either. When you enter the graduation class, you train six test subjects in rotation. You can also identify factions and their skills. But something was different on test day. The promised play is part of the tactics, but they don't have to block Samuel's concentration fire. But the atmosphere completely turned over. I still don't know why that happened."

"The atmosphere turned over...."

If they could change the atmosphere of the battlefield as they pleased in interpersonal combat, it meant that their skills were much better than expected.

But there was no reason why Amy's eyesight couldn't catch them hiding their skills. That's why Amy is confused too.

'It's not a simple disguise tactic. There's something that hasn't been revealed yet. Maybe it's...'

Fermi, who is ranked first in the graduation class.

Either he can perfectly hide his allies' skills or he can drastically improve his allies' skills.

It was clear that he could do one of the two, no matter what method he used.

"Hmm, in the end, you were pushed by force. Then there is no room for excuses. No wonder Olivia teacher didn't step in."

Amy shook her head.

Of course, she had no intention of excusing her defeat. But it wasn't because her skills were lacking.

If it had been a normal confrontation, if only the neutral factions hadn't been swayed by Fermi, she would have made it to the final 10 and still had some left.

"I don't want to complain if that's the rule. But compared to other participants, my skills were never behind. It's not that Samuel should have taken my place instead. If Fermi can control the flow of the battlefield, whoever gets caught in the target will inevitably fall."

Dante blinked his eyes as if surprised. Amy looked sincere.

"Of course I admit that you can be unfair. But in the end, that's how they came out? So isn't being pushed by force an accurate expression?"
[Translated block]
"Then why did I fail? Why did everyone gang up on me? What did I do wrong?" Amy asked with frustration and confusion.
[Translated block]