
[502] Wholeheartedly (1)

"Even if life deceives you, do not be sad or angry."

Looking back at Gando, Uorin smiled bitterly.

"That's how life is."

"......"

Gando was still silent.

Well, if it's true, Uorin, the mitochondrial Eve, is a very unfortunate woman.

But what was important to Gando now was why she suddenly brought up this irrelevant topic after calling him to the empress's office.

"Do you have something to order me......"

Uorin laughed mockingly at the honest words that had no room for calculation.

The former captain of the Magic Association's security force, Gando of Ure.

But in reality, he was a spy who was given the role of monitoring Gaold's movements as the biological son of Casshan's former empress, Mistra.

Mistra also did not raise Gando, so Uorin had no maternal affection for him.

Then what about Gando?

Did he really think of her as his mother?

"I have something to order you."

"I will do whatever it is."

Gando bowed his head and obeyed immediately.

The reason why he still had his neck attached after completing his mission as a mere fourth-class magician was because he decided to become Uorin's dog.

Uorin tried to act like a kind mother with a compassionate look in her eyes, but realized that it didn't suit her constitution and spoke bluntly.

"Stand up. There's still a little time left before everything ends. Before that, just be my conversation partner for a while."

He didn't know what it meant for everything to end, but Gando decided not to ask.

If he approached the mitochondrial Eve with clumsy curiosity, he would not have enough lives even if he had ten.

"I understand. I will listen carefully."

"Huhu, how boring."

Uorin opened a bottle of strong liquor on the table.

It was a liquor that smelled hot even before pouring it into a glass.

She filled a crystal glass with ice and poured liquor for Gando and handed it to him.

And whether Gando hesitated or not, she also filled her glass with liquor and gulped down about a third of it.

"Haaaaa."

She wriggled her bright red tongue and exhaled steam toward the ceiling.

Casshan's empress, who was completely different from usual, looked somehow sad today.

"Gando."

"Yes."

Mother.

Gando swallowed his last word.

"The human heart is truly mysterious. It can be trivial, but that trivial thing can grow and grow and eventually swallow everything."

Gando only intended to listen.

"For ages, I, Teraise, raised Casshan as the strongest empire. There were many difficulties in the process."

Uorin went back to Teraise's memories.

"Among them, there was only one time when Casshan almost fell over as a whole."

Was there such an incident?

Gando had studied Casshan's history as Mistra's son, but it was a story he had never heard of.

"There are still countless people who are looking for opportunities to eat Casshan. Whether they crush it with force, cause discord, or exert economic pressure, there are many ways. What would you choose?"

Gando shook his head without thinking.

"I would not choose any of them."

Casshan is the strongest empire that holds one of the three pillars of the Three Emperors Realm.

History told him that nameless people could not overthrow it.

"That's right. Casshan is strong. But it's not impossible. In fact, it's very easy and simple. To take over this huge empire."

"What is... that method?"

Gando couldn't help but ask this time.

"Heart."

Uorin raised one corner of her mouth as if she knew it was a futile answer.

"Teraise, the empress of Casshan, just has to give it away."

Gando could not refute.

He did not feel that any of the methods to take over Casshan were easier than the solution Uorin suggested.

'And that... did it actually happen?'
[Translated block]


Uorin recalled that time.

It was not something he had experienced himself, but the poisoned memory seeped into his new flesh and made his heart ache.

"Something that can only be thrown. Something that can't even be retrieved. Something that can become bigger than Kashan, or anything in this world."

As the history of Teraze deepened, the events of that time were buried in a vast database, but he wanted to dig them out today.

According to the intuition of the one who has the future city, today might be the last day.

Uorin smiled sadly.

It was a smile of a complete woman that he had never shown before.

"That's what human heart is, Gando."

* * *

Shirone's pupils, who stretched his waist like a bow, were fixed on the sky.

The time to fall into action paralysis as a price for Ataraxia's immediate activation was only 15 seconds.

It was a part that showed how much Shirone's mind was concentrated in a situation where he couldn't even speak.

Ikael, who was looking at Shirone, had his eyes shaking violently.

'Why did you do that...!'

Ataraxia is a trigger for amplification.

Therefore, it was also possible to amplify Shirone's mind, but the problem was the aftermath.

The meaning of amplifying everything is to transcend the limit.

As far as Ikael knew, it was the most extreme form of method that amplification could create.

Explosion.

Explode your mind and gain powerful power.

A phenomenon that can only be possible by throwing your whole heart, and the result is powerful enough to surpass imagination.

But explosion is literally an instantaneous action, so after everything explodes, there will be nothing left but shattered debris.

'Kuuuuuuuuu!'

Shirone waited for the time to move in his expanding mind.

For the first time in his life, or maybe even if he devoted his whole life, he felt a huge sensation that seemed impossible to reach.

"Shi, Shirone..."

Even Jonah Plu couldn't gauge Shirone's spirit zone.

And it was almost 100 percent certain that Shirone's condition would not be good.

"Shirone!"

Plu teleported and flew to Shirone.

But faster than that, the Archangel of Destruction Piel reached Shirone's front.

Hooohohohohohoho!

The light-filled features in the hood swirled like cappuccino foam and were sucked into the center.

Even the archangel felt a sense of crisis as Shirone's spirit zone exceeded the normal category by far.

Judicial Madness-Apatheia.

The magic circle rotated and dyed with darkness and began to suck in Shirone's spirit zone.

Plu became more anxious and kicked the ground and flew up and attacked the archangel who could only think of death with Phoenix.

'I have to do it!'

Just as Crude threw his mind away, Shirone threw his mind away at Ataraxia, she also threw everything as a magician.

'Just one second. No, if I can buy 0.1 seconds.'

The moment the resolution was mounted on his brain, Piel turned his head sharply.

She was in a position to activate Phoenix, but she froze as soon as she saw Piel's face.

There was an abyss at the end of it.

"Kyaahahahahahak!"

She screamed without knowing it herself, and Piel's hand swinging process slowly entered her eyes.

On the other hand, her reaction speed was about 100 times slower than that.

At that moment when she was sure of death, Piel suddenly turned to Shirone.

'This is...

Shirone's spirit zone, which was being sucked in by Apatheia, suddenly disappeared.

At the same time, a flash of light struck down from the sky and hit where Piel was standing.

Kwaaaaaaang!

The shock wave alone made Plu's body fly tens of meters away.

On the other hand, Piel, who barely avoided it by a hair's breadth, looked at Shirone with a tilted head as if he couldn't understand it.

"Huuuuuuuu!"

Shirone's mind was still expanding, and he didn't even know when the end of the explosion would be.
[Translated block]


But by then, such things were no longer important.

'I won't forgive you.'

That was the only thing in his heart that was thrown at Ataraxia.

"Hoooooo!"

Paiel, who was enraged by the fact that he had retreated against a mere human, unleashed the howl of extinction.

And he flew at a speed that seemed to disappear and swung his black hand at Sirone.

Sirone's eyes widened as he realized it directly.

'Frenzy.'

Flash!

A light that blinded the eyes spread, and all the matter within a radius of 100 meters was pushed away as if iron powder reacted to a magnet.

Heartbeat per second 1,000 times.

In front of the light curtain that beats 1,000 times per second, even Paiel could not be an exception.

And... there were as many as 200 of them.

Elysion-Multiple Frenzy.

"Kaaaaa!"

His body, trapped in the overlapping light curtains, bounced around in a radius of several kilometers for a second.

'How can a human...!'

Paiel stretched out his limbs and maximized his ability to extinguish.

"Woooooo!"

His body, which had turned into darkness, melted the frenzy and finally fixed in place.

Then the chains of light wrapped around his body.

Shining Chain.

"Keeeeeuk!"

Paiel's body, tied with a shining chain, shivered.

He tried to break it with all his strength, but the tighter he did, the stronger the light tightened.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwakwang!

Paiel, who was tied with chains, was smashed into the ground at an unimaginable speed.

Then the chains loosened and threw his body into the air.

Sirone, who had already become a dot in Paiel's eyes, looked up at him and bent his lower body.

Frenzy.

The wings of light spread wide and disappeared at the same time.

Pfffff!

Sirone's body, which swung his wings at an incredible speed, caught up with Paiel in an instant and rushed in.

Just by the shock of air friction, Armand's robe turned into Ringer's mineral material and wrapped Sirone's body.

Sirone, who flew like a giant metal bullet tearing through the air, floated above Paiel and cast a photon cannon.

Bang!

Fluoros, who watched from the ground, saw a terrifyingly horrifying sphere of light.

It was a photon cannon with a diameter of 20 meters.

Keeeeeuk!

Paiel, who was swept away by the flash of the photon cannon, fell vertically and penetrated the ground deep underground.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Sirone, who was still in the air, created dozens of giant photon cannons of the same size as before.

Even from a distance, Fluoros' eyes looked like dozens of suns floating in them.

Kururururururung!

Photon cannons fell in bunches, and as massive masses smashed into the ground, the earth shook.

"It doesn't make sense...."

Fluoros couldn't believe what he saw with his eyes.

Each step had the power of a photon cannon that pierced Ataraxia on average.

It was a natural result since he had amplified not magic but his mind itself, but the more he did so, Ekael's fear grew deeper.

"Stop it, Sirone!"

He can't keep this state forever.

Even if he is an archangel, once his mind explodes, there is no way to recover it.

Ekael flew to Sirone with all his might and Satieel followed him with his eyes wide open after being distracted by the battle for a moment.

"Where are you running away!"

On the other hand, where Paiel had smashed into it, there was a dust cloud of 1 kilometer radius rising up.

The smoke that slowly spread out on a large scale suddenly began to suck in toward the center at some point.

Hoooooo!

Paiel, who had smashed deep underground and extinguished everything around him with Apathea, flew out of a pit hundreds of meters deep.

Sirone had already arrived and was waiting for him.

"A nephilim like you...!"

As soon as he saw his hateful face, Paiel flew up his body.

But in the end he couldn't move forward even 1 meter and fell on his knees with all his strength drained.
[Translated block]


"Kwak!"

Something that should never have happened.

What kind of human being made an archangel who exerted his full strength kneel down?

'No ...'

Paiel recalled a memory and bowed his head.

There was.

The most powerful in the history of heaven, a human who competed with countless archangels.

The name of that Gaian was ...

"McClain Goffin."
[Translated block]