


```text
[300] Ruler of Consciousness (4)

"We're here. You can go down if you open this door."

"I see. Then from now on, we are going into Shirone's unconsciousness."

Amy, who understood Armin's words, took a deep breath.

Shirone's real emotions are staying beyond this door.

There will be no ugly desires in the avatar state. But there may be a desire that is comparable to that.

'It doesn't matter. I'm not clean either. Everyone has such feelings.'

Shirone couldn't open the door willingly. It seemed that there was a conflict going down to the lower level.

Eventually, he let go of the doorknob and looked back at Amy with an unpleasant expression.

"I don't think you need to come up to here..."

Suddenly, Shirone lowered his head and rolled his eyes. Then he shook his body like a person with epilepsy and collapsed.

"Shirone!"

Amy hugged Shirone and checked his condition. His face was pale, and his lungs were moving roughly as if he was about to stop breathing.

"What happened? What's going on?"

The ceiling of the Grand Hall began to collapse as a rumbling vibration was felt. Armin opened the door and shouted as large rocks fell.

"There's no time! The unconsciousness is collapsing!"

* * *

Kazra Royal Food Storage.

Zenoga's wire finally cut Shirone's blood vessel and entered. Thousands of blood droplets burst from the wound and spread slowly as much as the speed of slowed time.

The aftermath of reality immediately affected the mind.

The rainfall of 11th level soared, and half of the city was flooded. The projectiles floating on the rapids screamed like screams.

The horror of Egoist, the manifestation of Nade, was also mixed in the crowd of people flowing down to the lowlands.

"Kiaaaaaaaa!"

Egoist flailed his limbs desperately trying to get out. But in the end, he couldn't overcome the amount of water rising quickly, and he sank under the water with a desperate scream.

Secrets of the Abyss (1)

&nbsp;Shirone's mental level 5.

The door opened with a creaky, old sound.

The boundary energy entered before the person.

It was only after a while that Arius with a flushed face and Zion who protected his whole body with diamond armor crossed the threshold.

"This is... Shirone's unconsciousness?"

Zion was bewildered by the situation that was different from what he expected.

The 5th level they arrived at was a library where bookshelves continued endlessly.

Spine of knowledge.

Arius realized that history was arranged in chronological order just by looking at a few bookshelves.

'This is... beyond amazing, it's inhuman.'

He had dived into the minds of much more powerful high magicians than Shirone. But even those people had chaotic and messy arrangements of unconsciousness.

It was natural. It was rather strange that human unconsciousness was standardized.

Zion snorted in disappointment.

"What the hell is this? You said you could see everything about Shirone nakedly?"

"It's the spine of knowledge."

"Spine of knowledge?"

"It's arranged in chronological order of history. It's hard to make it like this, and it's hard to succeed even if you try. It seems that Shirone's unique growth process worked."

Zion sneered.

Shirone grew up as a child of a mountain man who was a commoner among commoners. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't be better than himself who had received imperial education from birth.

"That's definitely an ignorant way. In other words, you just stuffed it in with brute force? Just like those who can't learn but memorize."

"Is that really so?"

Arius smiled happily.

It's definitely amazing.

It wasn't amazing that the spine of knowledge existed, but that it stayed in level 5 below the REM area.

"You can't erect a spine in the area of unconsciousness with simple memorization. He understood everything. Then the effect is excellent. You can arrange any knowledge you study clearly. It's incomparably more efficient than putting knowledge meaninglessly."
```
[Translated block]


```text
Zion's face was distorted.

He couldn't see his expression because of the helmet of the Diamond Armament, but Arius felt the aura rising from him.

"That's right, this is it ...."

Zion was in a bad mood.

Very badly.

He had taken everything he liked since he was young. No one in the world would have received better education than Tera's child.

But his confidence was hurt over and over again after Siron appeared.

How can a child of a commoner be better than the son of an emperor?

Zion's breathing became rougher.

He looked at the books that were densely filled in the library.

Siron didn't actually read tens of thousands of books. It's just that the knowledge he understood and acquired was perfectly organized in categories, so it looked like a lot.

"Damn kid!"

Zion pulled out a blade from his gauntlet and slashed the bookshelf indiscriminately. Paper scraps fluttered like goose feathers, and the bookshelf was smoothly cut like cheese.

Moving on to the next section, he swung both blades with both hands and destroyed Siron's knowledge.

"Ha! How about this? Huh? I'll mess up your head completely!"

Zion's voice trembled with ecstasy.

"Haha! This is fun, right? It would have been easy if I did this from the beginning! More, more broken!"

Arius said in a cold voice.

"Stop it."

He wasn't the type to care about other people's words, but Zion had no choice but to stop his actions this time.

When he slowly turned his head, Arius was sending a cold look.

It was an aura worthy of being called Madogirl 7 of Black Line.

"What? Are you talking to me now?"

His stomach churned, but Zion didn't give up and fought back.

He is Arius' employer, and an employee should not oppose his employer.

Even if this place is Arius' garden, the mental world, the power of money is spread throughout the universe.

As long as there are humans living there.

Arius let go of his aura.

'Damn kid ...'

To be honest, he almost killed Zion.

The backbone of Siron's knowledge was also a pleasant sight for Arius.

He was notorious as Madogirl 7 of Black Line, but in terms of intelligence alone, he was not inferior to any scholar in the world.

He understood better than anyone what Siron had in mind when he built such a structure of knowledge. Even if he was an enemy, he couldn't help feeling like an ally.

If he hadn't met him in this situation, he would have sincerely taken care of Siron.

Of course, judging from the personality he has experienced so far, the probability of entering Black Line seems almost zero.

Arius suppressed his anger and returned to his old self.

Whatever emotion he had, he was a pro. He did not allow his faith to raise his arms against his employer.

"This is now the realm of unconsciousness. If you touch it carelessly, there may be an error in Ataraxia. So stop destroying and go down."

Ataraxia is probably safe. The deep 5th stage is just a result of the 4th stage.

Changing the result does not change the cause.

But Arius didn't want to ruin the backbone of knowledge anyway.

Not because he cherishes Siron.

This place was truly a space that satisfied his intellectual aesthetics.

At the word Ataraxia, Zion also stopped cutting. He spent a whopping 4 billion gold to get it, so it would be a huge loss if it was damaged even a little bit.

"Okay. Anyway, he's going to die, so let's leave it at that."

Arius smiled as if satisfied.

"Then, shall we go down now?"

Despite Zion's stupid act, there was something gained. The fact that even though he damaged the backbone of knowledge, Egoist did not appear.

There are no projections from below Rem area, so Egoist can appear at any time and execute intruders at any time.

That was one of the reasons why even divers who acquired lucid dream certificates were reluctant to go down deep.
```
[Translated block]


```text
'Egoist does not appear. It's time to collapse.'

And this was exactly what Arius was aiming for.

No matter how fast the mental action was, it was enough time to pass in reality if it came down to level 5. Shirone was in a critical condition close to death.

'Can I finally see it, Ataraxia?'

Arius's eyes were shining more intensely than ever.

* * *

Armin opened the door and entered level 5. Then Shirone, who was supported by Amy, came in panting.

Shirone, who barely escaped from the collapse of the Rem area, could no longer walk and collapsed on the floor. Her face was not pale, but faint.

"Shirone! Are you okay? Come to your senses!"

Amy worriedly stroked Shirone's cheeks.

But what came back was Shirone's rough snort and cold voice.

"Get out of the way."

Amy stepped back with a sad expression.

Even in an emergency situation where the mental world collapsed, Shirone's frozen heart showed no signs of loosening.

Shirone, who glared at Amy with her eyes wide open, moved her lips as if to say something as she approached extinction. But as soon as Amy turned her body, her mouth closed again.

Amy looked around with a pounding heart.

She would never criticize Shirone no matter what she saw. Even if it was a bad feeling towards herself.

"Where is this...?"

But she couldn't see anything.

What unfolded before her eyes was not a blatant emotion, but a flow of history organized by category.

The backbone of knowledge that Shirone had mentioned before.

When I heard the story at that time, I imagined only vague diagrams, but when I actually saw it, I thought that he had succeeded in a great work.

It meant that one piece of information should not be treated lightly in order to have the backbone of knowledge engraved on level 5.

It was impossible to understand without connecting the causal relationships of all the acquired information.

Shirone did it.

He realized how hard he had worked to catch up with the intellectual abilities of magic school students.

Armin immediately grasped the characteristics like Arius who had stayed a while ago.

The categories of information on the bookshelf were distinguished so that they could be understood independently no matter what item they looked at.

'What is this child...'

Above all, this place was an area of ​​the unconscious.

There is information that you never forget even if you live your whole life. People call this source knowledge.

Shirone pulled the backbone of knowledge down to the state of source knowledge.

He repeated exclamation marks in his mind and wandered around the library. Armin found a section that was broken into pieces.

The books were torn apart and the bookshelves were destroyed.

"They must have come and gone."

Amy felt sick when she found the bookshelf that had been smashed to pieces. She knew better than anyone else what kind of feelings Shirone had when he completed the backbone of knowledge, so resentment toward them came rushing in.

"Bad kids. What is this..."

Amy scraped up the papers scattered on the floor and eventually shed tears.

She couldn't forgive Zion. He will pay for it in some way.

"Wait a minute."

Armin stopped him.

The broken bookshelf was regenerating as if a living creature was healing its wounds.

Amy watched the process with a surprised expression.

"How can this be?"

"It's impossible in normal cases. But complementary knowledge bases are formed in network structures. Even if one path is blocked, it immediately bypasses and sets a new path. Soon, the backbone of knowledge will be restored to its original state."

Reina asked.

"Then why did they break it? Arius would have known. He's an expert."

"He's an expert because he does."

Reina tilted her head.

But Armin's explanation ended there. There was nothing good about praising the enemy in a situation where they would soon face each other.
```
[Translated block]


Zion blew up and Arius dried up.

That was the only situation that came to mind.

A character who is disparaged as a grave robber by the people of the world, but has a strong intellectual pride. He clearly had a strong impression of Shirone's unconsciousness.

As if the invader did not want to damage the relics of another country.
[Translated block]