


[786] Alpha Fish (4)

* * *

Mitochondrial Eve is powerful in that it can pass on 100% of an individual's experience to the next generation.

They absorbed the history of the world by dividing like cells even before they got the name of Teraje.

And they built a vast database by integrating it again and delivering it to the next generation.

History search.

What Uorin, who can search almost all of history, found was the first meeting of Habits and Abella.

"The meeting with Habits changed Ms. Abella's fate."

Abella, who was reminiscing about the time while listening to Uorin's explanation, had a faint smile on her lips.

"It was really fun to play with Uncle Habits. Unlike other adults, he knew what I liked."

Although he is pointed out as the most evil person in the world, he could not deny Abella's words.

"I know, the fate of a witch. I've heard it from the people around me since I was born."

Yus was a gypsy tribe who understood the law.

"If Uncle Habits hadn't shattered my cursed fate, I would now be a witch living in pain."

The story goes back 14 years.

"Let's make an underground waterway by piercing this side. Big enough for a monster frog to pass."

Habits and Abella were engrossed in making a sandcastle on the sandy beach of the fishing spot.

The fishing rod without bait has been stretched towards the sea for over 10 days, but the shark that Habits wanted did not catch.

"Do you know a lot about castles, sir?"

"Of course I know. It's my house."

Abella, who was flattening the ground by tapping the ground, raised her sandy face.

"Sir, are you by any chance an emperor?"

"Huh? Emperor?"

"You said your name was Habits. The adults say that the emperor of this country is Habits."

"Oh, that's Habits 16th. That's not me."

"Can you use the same name as the emperor?"

"Well, maybe? I know more than a hundred people named Habits."

Abella muttered sullenly.

"It would have been nice if you were an emperor."

Habits, who completed the underground waterway with delicate hand movements, asked belatedly.

"Why emperor? It doesn't seem very fun."

"Because you can do anything. My mom says that to change my fate, I have to be at least an emperor."

"Fate? What is that?"

Abella, who had been together for 10 days, finally brought out the darkness in her heart.

"The tribespeople say I'm going to be a witch. My mom is also a witch. So she always gives her body to men."

The Yus tribe was declining.

"In the past, the law of Yus was very strong, so many people asked for divination. So I could overcome the fate of a witch. But now that time is over."

The tribespeople could not cut off the name of Yus, which has a history of thousands of years, from their generation.

"Now we can't tell fortunes. So the women who have the fate of a witch are selling their bodies around the village."

In the Bardol village where the current Yus tribe is staying, there were not only fishermen but also pirates.

In fact, the two were no different.

"I don't want to go back to the village. The adults keep coming and touching me. My mom got angry once, but the adults who were much bigger than you beat her to death."

"Being a witch seems to be no fun."

"Of course. What would be good about such a thing? It's disgusting just to think about it. I want to grow flowers."

"Then don't do it. Witch."

Abella shook her head.

"They say you can't change the law. My mom cries every night holding me. She's sorry. But in the end, she said I had no choice but to become a witch."

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"Of course you don't know. Only gypsies know."

"Why do you become a witch if you don't want to be a witch? Just don't do it."
[Translated block]


Perfect chaos.

For Habitz, who was out of the rule that it should be, the law was a vain concept.

"You can do whatever you want. It's good to live happily, you don't need to do boring things, right?"

"......Can I do that?"

Abella, who was lost in thought, smiled brightly.

"But these days, it's fun because I'm playing with you. I used to be alone in the forest all the time."

A wonderful sand castle was completed-

"I'm also having fun. There's no one to play with in the castle. If I do anything, I just whine."

When Habitz imitated the faces of the people around him who were scared, Abella laughed holding her stomach.

"Ha, I wish I could play with you every day."

"Then you can play every day."

Abella looked around.

"But you're an adult. My mom said that adults are busy, so don't bother them."

"It's okay. It's the most fun to play with you. I don't have to do anything else, what's the matter?"

Abella's eyes blinked beautifully.

"You seem to be very different from the adults I know."

"What's different?"

"You don't say this, don't do that, and you don't bother me."

"Do other adults do that?"

"It's not just that. How much nagging is there. You have to be a good person, you have to hold the dishes like this......"

Habitz twisted his mustache.

"Hmm, I've never heard such a thing in my life, so I don't know......"

So I realized.

"People who say that are scared. In my opinion, adults are always scared."

"What are you scared of?"

Habitz shrugged his shoulders.

"Puhaha! I don't know. What on earth is there to tremble in this world. As if there is only one rope on an invisible cliff, I try to go straight."

Habitz walked with two fingers.

"When I walked around, there was no rope. You won't fall anywhere you go. Isn't it obvious? But they pretend not to know?"

"Hmm. It doesn't fall, does it."

"Of course, if you want to play together, you have to give people what they want. But if you don't want to play together, you don't have to listen. The downside is a little boring......"

Habitz comforted Abella.

"You can do anything if you're not scared. You grow flowers too. Don't listen to boring stories like witches."

Abella didn't understand all of Habitz's words, but it was the best comfort she had ever heard.

"Yes! I'm going to grow flowers from today! Thank you, sir!"

Habitz laughed, showing his teeth.

From that day on, whenever Habitz and Abella met, they went into the forest and picked flowers.

One flower a day.

I didn't know the name or species of the flower, but I was happy just to be able to do what I wanted.

The shark still showed no signs of being caught.

"Do I have to go further to catch it?"

Habitz, sitting at the fishing spot, looked at the vast sea and yawned.

"Why is it so late today?"

Abella, who had never been late until now, was not showing up today.

"Do you hate playing with me?"

Habitz wanted to see Abella, so he kicked his seat and headed for her village.

From the entrance of the village with the unique smell of the fishing village, it was clear that a commotion had occurred.

"Damn gypsies! I took in those who had nowhere to go, and they stabbed me in the back like this!"

Hexter, the leader of the village, kicked a woman with a bruised face, and Abella ran.

"Uaaaang! Mom!"

"Abella! Why did you come! Run away quickly!"

Abella shook her head.

"No! I won't go without my mom!"

Two months after the gypsies settled in the village, the pirates, who were tired of it, tried to touch Abella.

The desperate mother scratched Hexter's cheek, and the war broke out.
[Translated block]
"Are you daring to touch me, who have nowhere to step on unless it's this neighborhood? Do you all want to die here?"

The chief of the Yuse tribe blocked the mother and daughter.

"I said I would do it if you gave me a job! Didn't I follow everything you suggested!"

"Job? Do you think you guys can go to the sea? Do you think the house, food, and chicken we gave you came for free!"

"I will leave! Please let me go!"

Hexter laughed.

"Yes, leave. But you have to vomit everything you've eaten so far, right?

That's the way it is, isn't it?"

Hexter, who kicked the chief with his foot, grabbed Abella's hair and pulled her out of her mother's arms.

"Mom! Mom!"

As Abella was trampled mercilessly by the flower made of mud, the flower vase broke.

"No! Please, not Abella......!"

"Shut up! This is just enough to break even! Take her!"

As Hexter's subordinate put Abella on his shoulder and headed towards the barn, the chief screamed on the floor.

"You bad guys! What sin does a child have!"

"Sin? Of course there is. The sin of not having money."

When the men were laughing and hitting each other, a voice came from outside the crowd.

"Abella~. Let's play~."

As soon as the silence came, everyone turned around and looked at Habitz.

"What are you?"

The pirates, who reflexively drew their swords, turned pale as a ghost when they saw Habitz.

"King of Desire......?"

Thud, the pirates' weapons fell to the ground.

"Huh, huh!"

Although it was the first time to see it in person, there was no one among the residents who did not know Habitz.

'Damn it! God! Why! Why on earth!'

Is Habitz here?

'It's over.'

Why did he come to this country village?

'We're all going to die.'

There is no mercy for the King of Desire.

"Uaaaang! Mister!"

Abella, who had escaped from the weakened pirate, ran towards Habitz, crying.

"Uh, it's okay, it's okay."

Habitz, who lifted Abella up with all his might, patted the girl's back as he walked towards the pirates.

"I'm scared, mister! Those people trampled on the flowers! They beat my mom to death!"

"Uh, it's okay, it's okay."

Hexter, who realized that he knew Abella, trembled at his fingertips.

'What have I done?'

Even if you stab the sleeping demon's flank with a knife, you won't hear that it's more stupid.

"Your Majesty, we......!"

"Die."

Habitz cut off his words.

"Abella cried, so I don't want to play. Die."

"Uaaaaaaaa!"

Hexter, who screamed as if to destroy his mind, drew his sword and cut his throat horizontally.

"Cough!"

Seeing him die in one blow, the other subordinates also drew their swords and chose the same path as the captain.

'This is the only salvation!'

If Habitz decides to play properly, it won't end with death.

While most of the pirates chose suicide, the residents did not dare to have the courage.

"Guard Captain."

As soon as Habitz's words fell, the shadow slid like a shadow and revealed its identity on the ground.

"Give me your command."

He was wearing a white mask with a mustache, wrapped in a black cloak all over his body, and crossed his curved double swords.

"Capture the villagers alive. All are sentenced to dark punishment."

"Understood."

Dig out your eyes, cut off your nose, tear your eardrums, pull out your tongue, and then amputate your arms and legs and peel off your skin.

It was a dark punishment to suffer pain for a lifetime while receiving fluid in that state.

"No! That can't be!"

When the villagers ran out to grab the pirates' swords, the shadow of the guard captain moved faster than the wind.

"Kill me! Please! Just kill me!"

There were many people who fainted.
[Translated block]