


```text
[298] Ruler of Consciousness (2)

Zion tilted his head at the familiar impression.

"Surely... you said your name was Vincent?"

Arius explained as he walked on the carpet.

"Most of it is projected. The super-ego is heavily influenced by your father. Normally, it would be strong enough to suppress even the egoists."

Ignite greeted them with a flattering smile.

"So, you have a medicine that can cure me?"

Arius was shocked and couldn't answer for a moment. He felt a pressure as if he had a beast in front of him.

'This is absurd. Is this the weakened state of the super-ego?'

A normal person would have their super-ego paralyzed in a situation where they faced death. But Ignite was still emitting energy with a strong posture.

'This is something I can't help but admire.'

Even Arius, who had explored the minds of countless people, had never seen such a strong super-ego.

Those who have a steel-like critical consciousness do not relax in any situation. The rumor that Sirona had the potential to become a top-class was based on this trait.

Zion snorted and said.

"Are you still boasting when you're dying? You're just like a bad kid."

Arius thought, Zion's super-ego must be very weak.

"There's no such thing as a medicine that can cure my disease. Because this world is already sick. Yeah, what did you come to see me for? I'll let the first lie go, but from now on you have to tell the truth."

To the super-ego, who is the ruler of reason, clumsy lies would not work, so Arius honestly confessed.

"I have to kill Sirona."

The soldiers in the audience glared at Arius with the same motion. But they didn't manifest as egoists because they were under Ignite's control.

"Why do I have to do that?"

Ignite leaned back on his chair and lifted his huge axe with one hand.

As he held the weapon, the air became heavy like iron and squeezed their chests.

Zion was scared and pulled out Armand. As he activated Diamond Armor, the sword split and wrapped around him like armor. At the same time, Ignite's subordinates raised their weapons.

Arius sighed with reproach. But he needed Zion's help to achieve his goal, so he gave up his previous strategy and joined the use of force.

"Just hold him off for a moment. It'll be over soon."

"What are you going to do?"

Arius walked towards Ignite. The blue light of Confuse, a mental magic, gathered in his palm.

"...I have to go into mental modification."

* * *

"Cough! Cough!"

Sirona's party coughed as they came out of the door leading to the 7th level. The stench they smelled in the landfill was imprinted on their brains and they still felt like they smelled it.

But this place wasn't any better. Sirona's party stopped in front of the door and looked blankly.

The square floor was full of corpses with their heads blown off. People were falling from the rooftops as if it was raining.

On one side, people were arguing with each other and beating each other to death. It was the first time they saw such a cruel scene, even if it wasn't real.

Armin watched the situation with a serious face.

If the behavior of the projectiles reached such an extreme, it meant that Zenoger's rope was tightening faster than expected.

Sirona, who was watching her world fall apart with sad eyes, suddenly made a fierce expression. And she viciously grabbed Amy's hair in front of her.

"Ow!"

Amy turned around with a dumbfounded expression.

"Why are you doing that?"

"Don't block me. I can't see."

Amy pouted her lips.

She didn't know why Sirona, who was kind to everyone else, was only like this to her. She wanted to punch her back because they had similar personalities, but she calmed herself down because she had prepared herself before meeting Hwashin.
```

Did I translate it correctly?
[Translated block]


```text
"Yeah, sorry, whatever."

As Amy shrugged and turned away, Shirone felt even more confused.

She was a good person and on his side. Then why did he feel bad?

"Why did you come to save me?"

Amy flinched at the question that flew from behind. But she didn't turn around and was lost in thought for a while before giving a short answer.

"Because you're my friend."

Shirone recalled the reality from that remark. It was a memory that was scary like a nightmare.

The world was upside down and his body felt like it was burning. He saw Amy tied to the opposite wall like a crucifix. He couldn't guess what the situation was, but it was extremely unpleasant.

"But you... couldn't save me."

Amy lowered her head with a sad face.

Was that it? Did he hate her weakness that she couldn't act on? 

"Shirone, that's..."

As Amy tried to explain and turned around, an Egoist sprang up in front of her. She hastily backed away and Arius and Reina also distanced themselves.

The projectiles that burst in his head turned into Egoists one by one and began to surround Shirone like a wall.

Reina asked Arius, looking back at him.

"What's going on here?"

"Run!"

Amy grabbed Reina's waist and flew to the 7th floor entrance. Reina turned her head and saw a rain of arrows filling the sky.

Arius escaped the radius with Flicker magic.

Egoists rushed to Shirone's surroundings. Amy confirmed that and closed the door.

Thud! Thud!

Dozens of arrows stuck to the door and her palm holding the doorknob felt numb.

As soon as the arrow rain stopped, she opened the door and looked for Shirone first. He was stuck with so many arrows that it was disgusting in a ball of Egoists.

"Shirone! Are you okay?"

As the Egoists separated and receded like low tide, Shirone stood in the same position as before. More Egoists approached him with a menacing posture and protected him.

Amy sighed with relief and turned her head to where Shirone was looking.

A horde of soldiers was rushing in. The archer unit split left and right, and the heavy infantry unit took the lead.

"What the hell is that army?"

"That's Anti-Thesis. Egoists rationalize their ego, Anti-Thesis criticizes it. The stronger the Super-Ego is moral, the stronger Shirone's Anti-Thesis will be. Don't let your guard down."

Amy was surprised to see the commander of the cavalry unit. He was a middle-aged man with a huge axe on his back, but he looked so heavy even from afar.

"Uncle Vincent?"

He was about 1.5 times bigger and had scars on his face, but he looked so similar to Vincent that she would have believed he had disguised himself.

"I am Ignite, the ruler of this city!"

Ignite's loud voice echoed through the square. Even the citizens who were nervous looked at him with a startled expression.

He held out his heavy axe horizontally and pointed at Shirone.

"Shirone! Everyone is suffering because of your selfishness. What do you dream of as a commoner! Your power is not earned by your effort! It should be given to someone else! Now I will end all your pain with your death!"

Amy looked at Arius with a dumbfounded expression.

"Is that Shirone's critical consciousness? That's just typical loser logic."

"That's right. Arius seems to have manipulated Super-Ego. Humans have as strong a desire for death as they do for life. It seems we've been seriously bitten."

"Shirone! Answer me! Are you justified? Do you still want to live after giving birth to so much pain?"

When humans are exposed to extreme fear or pain, they think they'd rather die. Arius used Shirone's sick world to easily manipulate Ignite.
```

How is my translation?
[Translated block]


Whenever she heard Ignite's voice, Shirone shivered.

To Ego, the message of Super Ego was like a powerful resonance to a religious person.

"That's right! It's all Shirone's fault that the world became like this!"

"Killing Shirone is the only way to restore peace!"

"Kill her! Kill Shirone!"

The projectiles in the square echoed Ignite and raised the banner of rebellion.

They were all Anti-Thesis, and as their numbers grew, Shirone's avatar became weaker.

"Get ready! They're coming this way!"

Armin shouted as the heavy-armored infantry stormed in, shaking the ground. Archers pulled their bowstrings from both sides of the square, and the citizens also became angry mobs and rushed in.

"It would be easier without you!"

A citizen who grabbed a piece of wood took a full swing stance in front of Shirone.

At the same time, an Egoist hugged him and knocked him down to the ground. He turned his whole body into teeth and bit him, and the Anti-Thesis screamed as he was torn apart.

But Ignite's subordinates were not so easy to deal with. They swung their weapons with overwhelming force, overpowering the Egoists.

The Egoists who were hit by the Anti-Thesis made a deflating sound and disintegrated into pieces.

"Kill Shirone! Everyone charge at Shirone!"

The dead projectiles turned into Egoists and fought to protect Shirone. On the other hand, the citizens all became Anti-Thesis.

Desire and reason collided in the center of the square.

The variable that made the difference in the close match was none other than Ignite's existence.

He was stronger than any Egoist, and far surpassed the powerlessness of other Anti-Thesis. Every time he swung his giant axe, the Egoists exploded like dust.

"Shirone! She's not yours! Let her go!"

Armin watched the battle with disbelief.

'How can this be?'

Reason was winning over desire.

That meant his conviction was strong, but considering the situation, it was absurdly strong. Even soldiers who died for their country would have a stronger desire to live when their lives were in danger.

'But is that really desire? He's being cut off from reality? Can this really be the mind of an eighteen-year-old boy?'

Arius would not have expected the victory of Anti-Thesis either. If Ignite caught Shirone, they would not be able to get Ataraxia either.

Shirone's conviction transcended human beings.

Like the prophets in history, Shirone was also a human who could willingly die for his conviction.

"We can't do this. Let's join the battle."

Armin cast Flicker and infiltrated the battlefield.

Anyway, saving Shirone was urgent now. If his avatar was defeated, he would not be able to catch up with Arius anymore.

Amy defended herself with Fire Mist and cast Fire Wall.

She ran a wall of fire along the boundary line between Egoists and Anti-Thesis, splitting the crowd in two.

She focused her mind and raised the height of Fire Wall. The heavy-armored infantry screamed in pain as they could not take off their melted armor.

Reina climbed up to the roof and sniped at the archer unit. The arrows she bought from Nade's projectile had several times more penetration power than reality, so one shot could easily pierce through two or three people.

"Get out of my way! I'll execute her myself!"

Ignite's voice came from behind Fire Wall. And soon he broke through the wall of fire and showed himself.

He hung a giant axe on his shoulder and took a swing stance. The first target he aimed at was Amy. Numerous Egoists attacked him, but they scattered with one swing of his axe.

"Amy! Watch out!"

Reina stuck four arrows between her fingers from the quiver on her thigh.

She fired four shots in an instant. And each shot aimed at different parts: shoulder, wrist, thigh, heart.

Ignite did not take his eyes off Amy, but he sensed the arrows outside his focus and swung his giant axe with both hands.
[Translated block]


A gust of wind that humans could not imagine swept through.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

The piercing arrows did not bounce off even after hitting the axe blade. But the arrow shafts bent 90 degrees and lost their power and fell to the ground.

"Foolish girl!"

Ignite swung his large axe skillfully and continued his charge. And he flipped the axe blade behind his back in front of Amy.

As his upper body straightened up, Amy felt like a wall had appeared in front of her. She had no time to cancel the fire wall and activate another magic.
[Translated block]