


[642] Dead End (2)

Everyone was silent, but as if a thought had popped out, it heavily suppressed the air.

Refusing the royal decree while already knowing it was a challenge to the national public power, and Lyman's angry shoulders trembled.

"How dare you! Do you know what the crime of royal contempt is! It's only right to be sentenced to death!"

Now that approval for Amy had fallen, there was nothing rough about Shirone.

"It's not arrogant, nor is it against the kingdom. I'm just saying I didn't do anything wrong."

"This...!"

Just before Lyman exploded, Pony couldn't stand it anymore and turned around and left the place.

"Lord Pony!"

As the party who should receive an apology left, Lyman could not grasp the thread either.

Only Shirone, who made the situation like this, was resentful.

"You will pay the price of choice! Wait with your neck out!"

He wanted to kill Shirone right away, but he couldn't help it because there was something he expected from the royal castle.

When Lyman disappeared, the students rushed in.

"Senior Shirone! Are you really okay?"

Shirone just looked back at Amy, and it was thankful to see her smiling.

'Amy.'

Can you think of a spirit leaving the body?

Regardless of the result, the distance between the two was bound to grow a little further.

* * *

In the conference room of Alpheus Magic School, where the teachers gathered, Sad stood up with a glance.

"I'll say it, ready to be scolded. I think we need to pass the agenda to postpone Shirone's graduation by one year."

It was the most realistic alternative, but Shina's sensibility did not allow it.

"Shirone has achieved the highest grades in the history of the kingdom. If you cancel graduation like this, Alpheus Magic School will also become a laughingstock of history."

"But it's a royal decree. It's a situation where serious damage can be done to Alpheus Magic School if you're not careful."

"You can't make students political sacrifices! Teachers have a duty to protect students!"

When Shina slammed the desk, Sad also raised his voice.

"Shirone can graduate next year anyway! When a storm comes, the ship has to avoid it. If you try to go through it, everything will sink into the sea!"

Alpheus sighed long.

'How did it come to this.'

He recorded the highest score in the history of the kingdom, but being too excellent became a poison.

Olivia said.

"The common people have a weak foundation, so they are easy to shake, but they don't have a higher sense of belonging to the country than the nobles. That's what made the royal castle uneasy. If it were a noble, it would have followed a normal negotiation procedure."

"So you're saying let's watch?"

"There's no choice. Reasonableness is also created within the system. There's nothing we can do now that the royal decree has fallen."

Alpheus could have unilaterally graduated Shirone, but the aftermath would have been truly tremendous.

"I have a headache."

Alpheus, who sighed, quietly left the conference room where all kinds of arguments were taking place.

* * *

"Where is Shirone?"

Nade arrived at the dormitory and opened the door, but only Amy and Iruki were left.

"He said he wanted to get some air for a while and went out."

"He's not thinking of anything strange, is he? For example, leaving school."

"He's not that stupid. Nothing has been decided yet. Let's wait and see what position the royal castle will take. They might offer a better negotiation."

The day filled with Shirone's story was late in the evening, and Pony was lost in thought without even drinking water.

'I just wanted to be a wizard.'

From the moment he realized that qualification could be obtained at any time, he had lost everything in his life.

Pony, who sat at the desk and held a pen, wrote down his will, and at the end added a clause to allow Shirone to graduate.

He got up on the chair, hung a rope on the ceiling pillar, put a noose knot, and pushed his face in like a necklace.
[Translated block]


"Finally, I look back on whether this method is the best.

"I'm sorry, mother."

Without a moment's hesitation, all the weight was concentrated on the slender neck as soon as he jumped off the chair.

'What?'

Pony's eyelids, which had been tightly closed, slowly opened.

The heart was beating roughly at the signal of death sent from the brain, and only after a while did he realize that someone was holding his leg.

Pony's eyes widened as he lowered his gaze.

"Shirone?"

Shirone was looking up with a smile.

"This isn't good, Pony."

Is it really Shirone?

As soon as he thought he might be seeing a hallucination because he was already dead, he twisted his body slightly and the realistic pain choked his neck.

"Ugh!"

Just before the load was applied, the wind cutter cut the rope, and Pony's body sat down on the floor like a doll.

"Are you okay?"

She, who had propped the ground with both hands, turned her back on Shirone.

"Why did you come?"

"I was worried that you might do this."

"So why did you come! I was trying to die. If I die, you can graduate, so why are you saving me?"

Shirone did not answer.

"Go back. I think I can die once more. If you miss this opportunity, your life is over."

"It's not your fault, Pony."

Pony's face hardened.

"It's not my fault? Do you think I would believe such a lie? Tell me honestly. I wish I was dead, I wish I was dead and all this went back!"

"I didn't say I wasn't angry."

Shirone squatted down next to Pony.

"I wish everything went well too. But it's not your fault. So you don't have to die."

The fact that he showed the last moment of life dying, and the current situation where he is being comforted by Shirone, was miserable.

"What do you want?"

Pony turned his head sharply.

"What do you want me to do for you? Money? Power? Title? Take it all. Even if you take it all, it's okay, so please end this!"

"I don't want anything from you. What I want is not something anyone can give. And I've already got it. This moment, the me who can think and act like this."

As Shirone propped up his shoulder, Pony's lips drooped.

"So don't feel guilty. No one gives me the right to be a wizard."

"Mi......"

The words he really wanted to say popped out, and she rushed into Shirone's arms.

"I'm sorry! I'm really sorry, Shirone! I am...... I'm......!"

Pony, stroking her back, whispered.

"It's okay. It's not your fault."

"I must have been like this. I'm sorry!"

It wasn't that you could become a wizard whenever you wanted.

'If I can't accept it, I haven't really got it.'

Then, a staff member of the Magic Association who heard Pony's voice at that time came in.

"What! How did you get in here?"

The staff member, who confirmed that the window was open, took a combat stance.

"Damn it! What is the perimeter security doing!"

"Stop."

Pony, who had gotten out of Shirone's arms, approached them.

"But Pony! Shirone is absolutely forbidden by the association......"

"Do you flaunt the signboard of the association in front of me now?"

"Ugh!"

The staff members shrunk their necks at the changed atmosphere.

The energy radiated by the noblest bloodline in the kingdom was not something that could be obtained through training or learning.

Pony, who turned her head, spoke with a gentle expression.

"Shirone, go back."

"But you......"

"It's okay. I won't waver now. I'm going to stay at school. And I will definitely become a wizard."

Shirone, who realized Pony's will, finally smiled with relief and headed towards the window.

"I wish you luck, Pony."

"You too."

As soon as the words ended, Shirone jumped out.

The association staff members reflexively ran, but no one could find him who had cast a wind cutter.
[Translated block]


* * *

"Graduate Arian Cyrone! The students cannot tolerate the kingdom's unjust execution!"

The figures of the emergency countermeasures committee formed around the student council gathered at the teacher's building and protested.

The destructive power was considerable as Pony, the party of this agenda, stood on the side of the committee, and the teachers also seemed to want to follow the students' opinions subtly.

"We understand your intentions. We are preparing the necessary documents now......"

When Olivia, the auditor of the teacher's meeting, came out with the teachers and conveyed the school's position.

"What's all this fuss about!"

Lyman ran with the soldiers.

"Please graduate Arian Cyrone!"

"It's a royal command! Do you all want to be arrested for treason?"

When some students flinched, Pony raised her head and stepped forward.

"If you want to arrest me, you should do it first."

"Miss Pony! Why on earth are you doing this?"

Lyman couldn't understand at all.

If she just kept her mouth shut, Cyrone's graduation would be cancelled, and she might even take Theo's place.

-What I want to get is not something others can give.

Pony, recalling Cyrone's words, crossed her arms.

"Step back. I will request a special inspection system for the royal castle with the unique authority of the royal family. I will thoroughly reveal who is involved in this matter and how much slush fund has gone."

"Waaaaaaa!"

The students cheered as if to join Pony's declaration.

'He's still young.'

As the blade of judgment tightened around his neck, Lyman rather calmed down.

"Feel free to request. However, Cyrone's graduation will be postponed until the trial is over."

Once it came to this, he had no choice but to push it into a mud fight and buy time.

After all, if Cyrone doesn't graduate, the backlash will subside.

"Miss Pony. Anyway, the royal command is still valid. If you don't disband the students, we have no choice but to take them all."

Olivia stepped forward because it wasn't just a threat.

"First of all, everyone go back and......"

"Excuse me."

When they turned their heads at the voice coming from behind the teachers, the protagonist of the voice was already moving towards the committee.

'He's a great master.'

He was a skilled person who couldn't even feel the movement of Olivia, a public second class.

The man, who was as good as a white robe, had a sharp look in his eyes, and he tied his long black hair on top of his head.

He leaned back with his left hand and fluttered a small paper fan with a bell attached.

"Um... So what was the name? It was something like Shi."

"How many times have I told you? Cyrone."

A small creature appeared from inside the man's robe like a newborn baby.

The skin was red as crimson, the eyes were black like a panda, and it had a long tail like a spear.

"Is there anyone named Arian Cyrone here?"

Everyone was momentarily puzzled by the strange tone, but they suddenly came to their senses at the name Cyrone.

"I'm Arian Cyrone. Who are you?"

The man who was staring at the approaching Cyrone hastily felt his body.

"Oh, so I am... Where did I put it?"

The red-skinned creature sighed and handed out a badge with three overlapping circles.

'It's a star. And it's a 3-star.'

Everyone who knew the meaning of the three stars shivered in shock.

"We came from the Ivory Tower Balance Department. We have something to tell Arian Cyrone."

"Ivory, Ivory Tower?"

Among the students murmuring, the man with the fan reached out to Cyrone.

"Nice to meet you. My name is Arte."

Ivory Tower 3-star resident, Ghost Goblin Castle Arte.

"And I am Satellite Tokei."

Tokei, who opened his mouth wide like a mischievous boy, held out a badge with an orbital orbit next to Arte's badge.
[Translated block]