


[437] Full Moon Day (1)

Silence.

Various emotions crossed in the unbearable silence.

Etella fixed her expression as if nothing had happened and greeted Horkin politely.

He must have noticed it, and in that case, the question of 'how?' was not important.

"It was an excellent acting. If you were Gaold's party, you would have known that we were the Cage team sent by the association."

A long time ago, when Horkin was not white-haired as he is now, there was a rumor that a genius monk appeared in the Carciss Capital Society.

It was also a fact that could not be known unless one was particularly interested in the doctrine, even though Carciss was famous on the continent.

At that time, Horkin had visited the main mountain of the monastery for a mission and saw a young girl who was performing a succession ceremony.

'I almost missed it. I'm glad I don't have dementia yet.'

It was Lomi Etella.

A teacher at Alpheus Magic School.

What are the chances of meeting a teacher from the school where Gaold graduated from heaven by chance?

Even if it was a somewhat realistic probability, Horkin's intuition was convinced that Etella was the clue they were looking for.

"Knowing and pretending not to know is a desperate measure of cowards? Then it's an excellent choice. Well, now that you've dragged enough, why don't you tell me where Gaold is?"

The 20 magicians standing behind Horkin overwhelmed Armin's party with a formidable aura.

'It's dangerous.'

As a magician, Armin judged that a frontal confrontation was difficult.

Of course, his teammates were also very strong, but they were also Lomi Etella and Olipher Siina.

Everyone watched each other's reactions, and only the prosecutor Kuan walked forward.

As a sword ghost who had been tearing up the battlefield, he knew how great they were, but the prosecutor just fought to cut down the enemy in front of him.

"Don't do anything. If you move even a little..."

Horkin asked back.

"If you move?"

Kuan's body flew in an instant and rotated.

But there was no Horkin in the place where the gale blew.

'You rat bastards...'

Ten meters away from Kuan, a man in a mole suit grabbed Horkin's tail.

Stinkro, a search-type magician who majored in sonar magic, is a certified 5th-class magician.

In liquid media, the speed of sound waves is about 1,500 meters per second.

If it is a transmission speed of over Mach 4, poor attacks will not work from the beginning.

Stink spoke in a dry voice.

"You're impatient."

"Don't do anything means..."

Kuan flew again.

"Don't wag your tongue either."

Kuan's preemptive attack marked the point where both teams moved at once.

They each showed off their unique movements, and Aroella of Chloride approached Siina.

"Fire Extreme!"

A dense flame spouted over Aroella's head and formed a fire torrent that covered Siina.

Siina clenched both fists and widened her eyes.

The air froze with a glass-breaking sound.

Thousands of thorn flowers bloomed, and Fire Extreme's flames cooled rapidly as if they had hit water.

'They're definitely not an easy team.'

Both teams tasted each other's abilities and entered into a full-fledged confrontation.

As Cage B team stepped up, the balance of power began to tilt sharply.

Team leader Rose's fragrance magic disrupted her mental strength, and when Mami's spirit magic was cast, the ground swayed like waves.

With all kinds of buffs and shields, healing magic, and combat magicians who did not fall behind in swordsmanship, Armin's party was pushed back 2 kilometers from where they were originally.

Water Dragon.

A huge stream of water swept around from Monglang, who used water power magic.

Absolute Zero.

Siina cast her killer magic while facing Aroella, and the water dragon froze as it was.
[Translated block]
"No, we're not going to sit idly by. We're going to find a way to deal with that blind bastard and his time-stopping magic. Or whatever it is." Rose said firmly.

"Any ideas?" Mami asked.

"Well, we know he can't see us. Maybe we can use that to our advantage. If we can create some noise or distraction, we might be able to lure him out of his hiding place and ambush him." Rocher suggested.

"That sounds risky. What if he senses our presence or hears our movements? He might stop time again and escape or attack us." Moriac objected.

"Then we need to be fast and quiet. And we need to coordinate our actions. Weygan, can you set up a communication channel for us? Something that he can't intercept or jam." Rose asked.

"I can try. But I can't guarantee it will work. He might have some countermeasures or allies that can interfere with our signals." Weygan replied.

"Then we'll have to take that chance. We don't have much time left. The longer we wait, the closer Gaold gets to his goal. And we can't let that happen." Rose said.

"Alright, then. Let's do this. Everyone, get ready. We're going to strike as soon as Weygan gives us the signal." Horquin said.

The team nodded and dispersed, looking for the best positions to launch their attack. They hoped that this time, they would catch their elusive enemy off guard and end this battle once and for all.
[Translated block]


```
"Wait a minute. Before that, there is a question that I have to look into first. If they really help the Goa'uld, what the hell were they doing here?"

Horkin brushed his beard.

"Hmm, that's right. There's no need to disperse the team in such a dangerous place. Actually, we're also very inefficiently sticking together."

"That's right. And the Goa'uld is crazy about Miro. If such a person disperses the team, it must be a very big deal. So if we trace back what they did here, wouldn't the Goa'uld eventually come out?"

"Indeed... that's right."

Rose clenched her chin and sank into thought.

It was definitely the most clear solution in the current situation.

"Okay. Let's go back to the mainland. If we can find out who Etera is moving under, we can also locate the Goa'uld. However, combat is the last resort. The man with the bandage must not interfere."

No one objected.

There was no one who was obedient enough to follow the team leader's instructions as they were, but they also thought it was best to keep the man with the bandage as far away as possible.

"Then, let's go."

21 flashes soared into the sky.

* * *

When Shirone returned after touring the troops under the command of the 2nd Army Corps, it was early evening.

But the moonlight was so strong that there was no difficulty in looking around.

"Wow."

Shirone looked up at the night sky as if enchanted.

A moon 10 times larger than what he saw on his original planet was floating.

It was the day of the full moon when it was said that negative laws were strongest in hell.

Maybe that's why the cries of beasts never stopped in the forest near the command post.

"It's ominous. It feels like something is going to explode."

"Don't worry. Even angels don't patrol these days. If it's not an angel, we can block it enough with group magic."

Shirone greeted him when he arrived in front of the command post.

"I'll go in first. Thank you for your hard work."

"Oh, sir, you too."

Shirone returned to his quarters and dragged his tired body onto the bed.

He wanted to lie down for a while, but before he had time to do anything, the door opened with a bang.

"Shirone!"

Plu came in.

"Huh? Senior?"

Plu, who had briefly looked outside, closed the door and sat down next to Shirone.

"I have something to tell you."

"Why are you like that? Did something happen while I was gone?"

"I investigated the underground facility for a few days while you were gone. But there..."

Plu frowned.

The headache came back again. Well, even now I grit my teeth when I imagine what I saw then.

She was someone who never wavered in any situation, so Shirone finally became curious.

"What exactly happened?"

"Human cloning."

"Huh? What cloning?"

"I found out why Laysis collected our blood. We shouldn't be doing this right now..."

Woo woo woo woo woo woo woo!

Then an ominous sound wave shook the command post.

Shirone's heart dropped.

He didn't remember, but he had definitely heard it before.

'No way...!'

When Shirone and Plu came out into the hallway, the command post was already in a panic.

It was an angel's vibration that anyone living in hell would have heard enough of.

"Hmm, is this it?"

Icasa, who was receiving the light of the full moon outside the command post, stood in mid-air with her feet together and her chin clenched.

It looked like just a cliff on the outside, but there would be no lie in Babel's search results.

No matter how hidden in nature, there is a unique artificial feeling that comes out where humans live.

Babel searched all over hell and pointed to this place as the most likely place for rebel headquarters.

The probability was as high as 83.3785 percent.

"Are you not there, you lowly humans! Show yourself!"

Icasa shouted, but the cliff was annoyingly quiet.

Of course she knew that they were checking this place from inside the wall.
```
[Translated block]


```text
"Huhu, that's how it's going to come out, right?"

Ikasa spread her arms wide and received the moon's energy.

The presence of a fallen angel was much lower than that of an ordinary angel, but on the day of the full moon, she could easily sweep away humans.

"Haahaaahaa."

With a cold moan, her glory body spread out into a light wheel and her own intelligence began to be embedded in the halo.

As some calculations were completed, numerous magic circles of dark purple color began to spin like gears in the halo.

'I desire.'

Infinite Law Light Wheel Halo-Valhalla Action.

Puck! With a dull sound, a fist-shaped mark was stamped on the rock wall.

As a signal, a shower of punches rained down on the entire cliff as if they were stabbed without any sense, and holes began to dig.

Pupupupupupung!

The whole world seemed to be filled with sound.

At a speed that could not be expressed in words, dust rose from the cliff that was hit hard and the mountain range hid its traces.

Norin, who was hiding in the headquarters, grabbed his head and jumped out at the same time as the cliff started to collapse from the ground with a roar!

'Look, how insignificant these beings are...'

Ikasa's pupils were cloudy.

In the scene where desire was realized in front of her eyes, dry pleasure was climbing up her spine.
```
[Translated block]