


"Kill me."

Mortasinger was serious.

"I'm tired of living with such an ugly face
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]


"What do I want?"

"Behold, my child."

A mirror, gleaming red as if oiled by Satan's side, sprang up and reflected Mortasinger.

"Ah... Ahhh..."

The mirror that reflects the heart.

The figure in the mirror was too horrible, but to Mortasinger, it was the most beautiful form in the world.

"This is exactly what I wanted!"

"I can give it to you. Worship me. It's becoming the most beautiful woman in the world."

It was a much sweeter proposal than Shiro.

"I will follow. Please give me that beauty!"

The chorus of the funeral song grew louder.

"...The contract is established."

Following the twelve hells seeping into the ground, Mortasinger also sank as if sinking into a swamp.

"No."

She, who suddenly came to her senses, screamed.

'No! That's not me!'

Realizing the hideous inner self reflected in the mirror, she struggled, but could not reverse the contract with Satan.

"Save me, Shiro! Save me!"

She desperately reached out, but the distance from Shiro's hand was getting farther and farther.

"Hahaha! I'm going to take it, Yahweh! I'm going to have everyone you love!"

In the time without law, Satan poured scorn into Shiro's ear.

"There is no Buddha in the world. Hate Yahweh, struggle in pain for a lifetime."

Mortasinger's face sank into the ground.

"Shiro..."

As the hellish landscape closed, a huge purple light spread for a moment.

It was 0.666 seconds.

"Huh?"

As Mortasinger disappeared in front of her eyes, Shiro opened her eyes and stood up.

"What happened?"

Kidnapping?

'No, it's not that level. Even if it's invisible speed, it should remain in the mind.'

It's impossible unless time stops.

'But how? Even if it's a stop magic, it can't affect things.'

Shiro's eyes widened.

"Satan."

Only the existence outside the law can deceive Yahweh.

'Is it possible to break the law even if it's extremely evil?'

It was the moment of doubt that sprouted in Mortasinger's heart that led her into hell.

"I have to tell Zion."

Shiro, who flew up with fly magic, quickly returned to the venue.

The battle was at a standstill, and Boridalma and Marsha, who were supporting Hega, ran at the same time.

"Shiro! What happened?"

"Where is Lady Mortasinger?"

Shiro looked back at Boridalma and explained the situation,

"She went to hell?"

"It seems that the demons have changed their methods since Terraphos allowed the break. She won't be able to get out on her own."

"Hmm."

Boridalma exchanged glances with Hega.

"Anyway, our leader. The immortal community will go to Zion. There, we might find a way."

"I think so too. But I can't guarantee that they will accept you."

She said so, but Miro will accept it.

'Because it's extremely good.'

Shiro, who looked around, realized that there were no casualties and released the time vibration.

"Is it over? It was fun."

Marsha was disappointed, but Shiro, who had experienced the same thing hundreds of times, was disgusted.

'There is no involvement in Satan's time.'

Probably, even if you go back in time that does not exist in the law, Mortasinger will not be in reality.

"Shiro! Where were you? I thought I was going to die of fear!"

The beauty contest participants approached.

"The terrorist has been caught. You can now hold the contest with peace of mind."

Rangi blushed and asked.

"Really? Really caught?"

Even before Shiro answered, she hugged her neck and jumped around.

"Yahoo! Finally liberated!"

The contestants who were jealous hugged her.

"I'm grateful. But I'm sorry? It would have been a good sight if I had been in the waiting room."
[Translated block]
"No, it's okay."

It was a sincere refusal.

(End of Volume 32)
[Translated block]