


```text
[711] 19,000 Worlds (5)

The 13th night of the soldier ants.

He was a master of battle who was born in the early days of Queen Garnet's colony building and slaughtered thousands of enemy ants.

He is currently in charge of Garnet's direct escort captain, but it was not unusual for him to march directly to the appearance of a new enemy, who liked combat by nature.

The 13th night, which approached quickly, pushed its antennae to Sirone and paid attention.

Even if the antennae received a lot of information, it was ultimately only a functional evolution of the five senses.

He couldn't tell what Sirone was thinking just by touching his body with his antennae.

"Who are you? Why did you invade Garnet Colony?"

The 13th night's pheromones were deciphered through the Ultima system, but Sirone had no means of conveying his will.

'What should I do?'

Sirone, who was worried, found a new solution in the act of ants sweeping his body with their antennae.

'Maybe...'

Sirone raised both hands slowly as if he had no intention of attacking and concentrated his mind. Two tentacles similar to the ant's antennae emerged from Armand's robe.

'Subworld creation.'

If Armand's function that had connected to countless systems so far could communicate with ants, he didn't know.

"What is this?"

At the sight of two tentacles coming over Sirone's left and right shoulders, the 13th night activated a defensive stance.

'I can't breathe.'

The ant's spirit was chaos itself and also so pure that it felt like watching Nade's magic fairy tale.

He was able to be a little more calm because he had already experienced it, and Sirone carefully connected the tentacles to the antennae.

"Huh!"

Just by brushing each other, different systems exchanged information and the 13th night shivered.

-New language system detected. Translation program construction. Interface creation and ejection.

At the same time as Armand's signal, the robe swelled up and an organic sphere with nerves sticking out like fur popped out.

-Artificial brain outside (language translation version).

"What have you done to me?"

At the sensation of the antennae completely different from other creatures, the 13th night exploded his spirit and flew his body.

"Wait a minute! Now...!"

As the 13th night's jaws crossed like twin swords, Sirone hastily lifted his upper body.

"That's pretty good!"

Sirone's eyes widened at the sight of an ant curling up like a ball and spinning with claws swinging.

'Is this Kido's...?'

Law of Earth-Ant Hell.

"Kill! Kill! Kill the enemy!"

Numerous ants emitted pheromones, but he was not dizzy because artificial brain outside was analyzing signals separately.

'The problem is this ant.'

It seemed as if all the space around him was sucked in by the rotating 13th night.

Even Denai hung on the landscape, and an illusion that the earth tangled like thread entered his eyes.

'Wow...!'

Sirone sincerely admired the realm reached by an ant's flesh that was not human.

The world shook up and down and the earth around him stood up, blocking all places where Sirone could escape.

It wasn't actually happening, but the law of the world informed Movement Zero through Denai.

'Choeni Bardo!'

As the back world opened, another root different from this world was born in Sirone's senses.

"What is this?"

The 13th night stopped spinning and turned his head with a tilt.

He had definitely blocked his movements with the law of earth, but Sirone was nowhere to be seen when he arrived.

"I don't want to fight."

The 13th night shivered and turned around as he felt pheromones. Sirone had already taken his place somehow.

"......"

Numerous ants watched silently, and the 13th night realized using his excellent insect senses.

"You... are doing the same thing as me."

The 13th night didn't know how he learned to blend in with the ground.

He just fought countless wars and realized the truth about life while turning enemy ants into dirt.
```
[Translated block]


"Yes. I lived a life like yours."

He saw no difference in their essence, even though their systems were inferior to humans.

"There is nothing insignificant. They just don't try to look."

Reminding himself of Miro's teachings, Sirone asked the 13th Night politely.

"I came from another world. And I want to know how to go back to my original world. Take me to your king."

"To the queen?"

It was fortunate that the conversation was going well, but the queen was in a decrepit state and the opponent was strong.

'But there is no hostility.'

The nature of the avatar conveyed through Sirone's antennae in a moment was the only basis for trust.

"I don't have the ability to let you meet the queen."

Only ants among the royal family of the colony, who were ranked in the top 10, could see the queen.

"You could die. The royals are conservative and think of other races' intrusion as impure."

He thought that society was the same everywhere, but Sirone didn't worry about that.

"But you're the strong one. I can persuade them."

The 13th Night shook his head.

"You don't understand. They are not the subject of persuasion. The royals will build a colony someday...."

The ant's pheromone was cut off abruptly.

'Maybe Melot would allow it.'

Melot, the first-ranked royal, was a beautiful and noble ant who received the respect of the people.

But the 'engagement' competition among the nobles (male ants) was fierce, and if he brought a creature with a male and female existence, they would not stay still.

"There is one way. To take you as a war slave. Then the nobles won't care."

It was still dangerous, but Sirone had no other choice unless he wanted to live here forever.

"Okay. I'll leave my treatment to you. Just let me meet the queen."

"......Follow me."

As soon as the 13th Night turned his body, the worker ants parted left and right as if they had received a signal.

* * *

In front of Andre's entrance.

Kido, who faced Marga's bandit group, had no time to catch his breath, and his face was pale from lack of oxygen.

'No. I can't hold on.'

He managed to cut one down after hundreds of hits, but only 38 had been reduced to 32.

In Kido's perception, it was as if they were not decreasing at all, and especially the deputy leader's skills were objectively much stronger than his own.

"Break through! Break through the entrance!"

All Kido could do was desperately block them using the terrain of the entrance.

'Blade Hell!'

He rolled on the ground and swung his spear, making the bandits retreat for a moment, but his physical limit was obvious.

The deputy leader, who confirmed that his rotation speed was slowing down, drew his sword first and charged.

"Now! Kill him!"

"Kuk!"

In a desperate situation where his neck could be cut off, Kido had no choice but to give up the entrance and retreat.

'This is bad. If this happens....'

The number of enemies he had to face increased to all as the bandit group occupied a wide space.

"Just lie down and beg and I'll cut your throat with one stroke."

As he saw the deputy leader approaching with his sword raised, Kido felt his strength drain from his body.

'I'm not afraid of dying. But....'

If Kido dies, Sirone dies too.

"He thought I would protect him and went in."

His hand holding the spear trembled, and tears flowed down his eyes as he realized he couldn't stop it.

"You fought well. Just die."

As Sirone's death approached reality, Kido felt fear for the first time in his life.

He was terrified of Sirone dying.

'I have to protect him.'

The life of another person that the cold-hearted goblin had embraced was as hot as a huge lump of charcoal.

It was his heart.

"Please spare Sirone. I'll do anything. Just don't kill Sirone. He trusted me and went in."
[Translated block]


```
Snowflakes fell and moistened the ground.

"......That's a pity."

The deputy chief sincerely sympathized with Kido.

"You can forget everything when you die."

He walked slowly and lifted his sword, giving him the only mercy he could as a human.

'I'm thirsty. I want to drink water.'

As Shiro's life swallowed by his chest burned fiercely, Kido felt a terrible thirst that drove him crazy.

"My throat... my throat...!"

"Die."

At the moment the deputy chief swung his sword down, Kido jerked his head up with bloodshot eyes.

'What?'

The goblin's afterimage shook like a mirage, and the ground around him began to sway like waves.

Feeling the crisis from the unexpected change, the chief swung his sword down as fast as lightning.

"Kuaaaaaaaa!"

The ground that was caught by Denai revealed an illusion of turning into a swamp and pulled the lower body of the bandits.

The law of the earth - Ground order.

"Damn it! What is this! My feet...!"

The bandits struggled in the illusion of falling endlessly into the swamp, and the deputy chief shouted.

"Snap out of it! It's just an illusion of the law!"

It was an illusion that felt like falling into a swamp as gravity, which works fairly on the earth, was mixed up.

'It's amazing acting! How can a goblin do this...!'

"Kuaaaaaaaa!"

Kido stretched out his upper body and looked up at the ceiling with shocked eyes.

'It's filling up! It's filling up!'

As a refreshing feeling rushed into his chest, which had burned like ash, he tasted the greatest ecstasy of his life.

The goblin's mind, which had been circulating in the cycle of eating and breeding, absorbed his heart and expanded into a larger world.

'This is the heart.'

As his heart was filled with love, the power of acting soared.

"Keep your distance!"

The deputy chief and his men barely overcame the acting, but they couldn't adapt to the feeling of walking in a swamp right away.

Whiririri. Whiririri.

Everyone who raised their heads at the sound of a flute saw Kido swinging a spear and smiling.

'Now I know, Shiro. What it means to be human.'

The flute sound stopped, and Kido grabbed his spear and reached out his hand, gesturing for them to come in.

"Have a nice trip."

Kido learned what love was.

* * *

Labyrinth Pythagoras.

Nane looked at the entrance of the dark cave where all the stale energies of this world flowed for a moment.

He had reached the state of self-reliance, where every time he blinked his eyes, he experienced the world being destroyed and reborn.

'There is no universe without me.'

But was that really all?

'If closing your eyes is the end, why do we exist in this world?'

Nane's journey, which started from a very low experience, was facing its end in front of the existence value of the universe.

As soon as he stepped into the darkness of the labyrinth, he felt like he was falling endlessly.

The lowland of law.

It was a feeling that his ego was collapsing just by standing on a hole where the corrupted energy was sucked in.

'Falling means...'

No natural cave could make such a deep pit, so there was only one thing he could think of.

"It's a back world."

Finally, the falling sensation ended, and a strange landscape that was completely different from reality unfolded before his eyes.

Red flames burned like blood without fuel, and iron nets and steel frames burned by heat connected the inside complexly.

"Sa, save me! Kyaaak!"

"Euaaaaaa! Just kill me! Please kill me!"

Nane moved his steps without changing his complexion even after hearing people's horrible screams.

If it was a mental world, physical death could not be annihilation either.

"No! No!"

The monks and explorers who had entered the labyrinth so far were suffering from terrible things that their egos collapsed.

'Is this hell?'

Pythagoras basement 1st floor.

It was hell of lust, one of the seven sins created by human corrupted law.
```
[Translated block]