


[305] The Master of Fire (3)

As Shiro laughed out loud, Zion's face turned red.

A lowly commoner was looking down on him and mocking him. He had never experienced such humiliation in his life.

Shiro shook his head with a smile still on his face.

"Is that so? I guess a lot of time has passed. Do you really know nothing?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Tera doesn't have a son. She only gives birth to daughters. You are nothing but a shell of Tera."

Zion's face went blank.

What does it mean that she doesn't have a son? She only gives birth to daughters? Then who is he? No, is there such a thing as a child without parents in this world?

Zion clenched his teeth like a wounded beast.

"Shut up! How do you know that, you bastard? You are a lunatic. You went crazy after being eaten by that monster! Who are you to talk about our mother like that?"

"Didn't Tera tell you? You are really pathetic. She has a personality that treats people well if they have outstanding abilities, even if they are not her children. I guess you weren't worth it."

"When did you meet my mother!"

Zion lost his reason and rushed in.

He had lived his whole life with pride as Tera's son. But a shell? 

No, it's the nonsense of a madman. How could that kind of commoner ever meet Tera, the emperor of the continent?

"I am royalty! You are not someone I can deal with casually, you bastard!"

As the blade of the gauntlet approached Shiro's neck, the photon cannon hit Zion's abdomen.

Zion spat out a bowl of blood and flew 10 meters, crashing into a flour sack.

"Cough! Cough!"

As the sack tore, flour poured down on Zion like a waterfall.

His face, covered with flour and blood, looked like a clown.

Arman transmitted. Combat incapability.

It was the only information Zion could empathize with.

Shiro walked over with a photon cannon floating on his palm.

"Humans like that. King, bloodline, lineage, family. But the Tera you believe in and follow said this to me."

Zion struggled to lift his head. And he looked at the photon on Shiro's palm that was vibrating and growing.

Shiro imitated Tera's tone and said.

"Even if you are royalty, you are nothing but a bloodline passed on by humans. But......"

Shiro's photon cannon grew stronger.

Zion, who was half-crazy, didn't even seem to know that it was magic that would attack him, and he was captivated by the light with a blank expression.

Shiro lifted the photon cannon and smiled.

"Talent is something that heaven gives."

The photon cannon dropped in an ugly parabola. Zion looked at the trajectory of the light with a hollow expression and tears flowed down his eyes.

A powerful shockwave shook the food storage. The photon cannon buried in Arman's fiber tore Zion's organs until they ripped apart, then exhausted all its power and disappeared.

Flour spread in a ring shape and obscured all sides with thick fog.

Amy and Reyna rolled their feet anxiously and looked inside the white smoke. A shadow appeared and Shiro showed himself.

Amy couldn't bring herself to speak.

Even if that boy was Shiro, the aura he exuded was precarious and uneasy as if he was holding a time bomb in his arms.

"I'm going up to the ground. You guys run away as fast and as far as you can. I'll take care of this place."

It was the moment when anxiety became reality.

Fast, far away. That was something you could say when a natural disaster like a typhoon or an earthquake hit.

"What are you going to do exactly? Whoever you are, you need to treat your wounds first. That body is Shiro's!"

"I am Shiro."

Shiro lifted his head to the ceiling. His cold eyes slowly came down and faced Amy.

"Are you disappointed?"

Amy couldn't say anything as she choked on her breath.
[Translated block]


Shirone strengthened his mind with a huge rage. The sound of blood vessels bursting sounded disgustingly under the skin.

As he cast the laser, a flash of light as thick as a log soared to the ceiling. The ceiling began to shake as heat energy accumulated at a fast speed.

"Shirone! Just a minute...!"

"It's dangerous! We have to run away!"

Reina grabbed Amy's wrist and ran to the exit.

As they left the food storage, a sonic boom exploded from Shirone's side.

The two people who were tossed on the floor by the shock wave turned their heads while lying down. A huge rock had fallen and blocked the entrance to the food storage.

* * *

The music of the court musician made a discordant sound.

Women screamed and fell to their knees as an earthquake occurred in the Grand Hall. The men also looked around with fearful expressions.

"Is it an earthquake? Kazra is not part of Jossandae, is it?"

"Everyone get down! Get under the table!"

The nobles crawled under the table at the shout of the guards. There was a scuffle between those who took their seats first and those who arrived later. It was like watching a cow fight.

The earthquake lasted for about a minute and then stopped.

The nobles who came to their senses crawled out of the table with embarrassed expressions.

Orkampf and Eliza, who were supported by the royal guards, were also pale.

There was no report of an earthquake in Kazra's history. A bad feeling crossed Orkampf's mind.

The north side of the Grand Hall exploded with a bang. Bricks flew in all directions and smoke covered the floor.

A few nobles who had melted their hearts lost their sanity. They fell to the floor and flailed their arms and legs meaninglessly.

The first group to grasp the situation was a handful of royal guards and personal bodyguards of the nobles.

The royal guards, who realized that it was not a natural disaster, surrounded the king and queen, and personal bodyguards also stuck to the side of the nobles.

"Is it a raid? What's going on?"

The guards looked for security captain Ritney Walker. He was nowhere to be seen, even though he had been there just a moment ago.

The command system was in chaos.

If it was a terrorist from an enemy country, they had to raise the security level to the highest. But there were too many awkward factors to ignore the orders of their superiors and decide for themselves.

For a moment, nothing happened.

The nobles tried not to lose their dignity. They hid their inner feelings and looked into the hole in the floor.

But when a figure emerged, they bit their buttocks as if they had never done so before.

"That's... Shirone?"

Orkampf muttered with a puzzled expression.

The person who appeared after making a mess of the Grand Hall was none other than Shirone.

He remembered dancing with Reina an hour ago. But why is he doing this?

"Shirone, what are you doing?"

The royal guards blocked Orkampf's front.

"Your Majesty, do not approach. Something is wrong."

Even to Orkampf's eyes, Shirone's appearance was clearly different from an hour ago. The color of his pupils had changed, making him look like someone else, but the most alien thing was his expression.

Shirone doesn't make such emotional expressions. He always kept his poker face calm in any situation, but now he was grimacing in pain.

"The castle has good durability these days. Humans have developed quite a bit."

A royal guard took a stance and approached him.

"Sir Shirone, magic use in the castle is forbidden...!"

Shirone fired a photon cannon without looking back.

The royal guard who flew his body rolled on the floor at the same time as he landed. The photon cannon's barrage followed him and scraped the marble floor.

"Don't talk without my permission from now on. I make the decisions."

Shirone proved that he was serious with his previous attack. If the royal guard's reaction had been a little slower, he would have been caught up in the bombing of the photon cannon and his limbs would have been smashed.

The air in the Grand Hall became cold in an instant. The nobles looked around with expressions that they could not understand.

For several days, they had evaluated Shirone as an herbivore. An easy prey that was gentle and honest and easy to use.
[Translated block]


```text
But the feeling that came from Shirone now was so fierce that even the nobles who had experienced all kinds of hardships would see it as fierce.

The guards waited for the captain's name instead of the missing Walker. But he who had only stayed out of responsibility until now could not make such a serious decision rashly.

"Captain, what do we do? Please give us instructions!"

The captain rolled his eyes anxiously.

The main force is stationed outside the castle, so it will take time to come even if we contact them. It was abnormal in the first place that an incident occurred in the Grand Hall, the heart of the castle.

"Captain! Instructions! Do you want to activate the magic control device?"

The captain's face twisted.

"Do you think it's that easy, you idiot!"

The magic control device interferes with the concentration of the magician. But the effect did not discriminate against Pia. If the magic control device is activated, our magicians will also be tied up.

'Damn it, what do I do? Do I have to activate the control device? But do you make all of our magicians useless to catch one person? If something goes wrong, I have to take care of it? No, where did this gentleman Walker disappear?'

As a matter related to the king's safety, he had to make a decision considering all possible variables.

But the captain's thoughts, crushed by the burden, eventually escaped reality and ended with resentment against Walker.

"The control device is a last resort. How about leaving it to us instead?"

The captain turned his head as if he had met a savior. Kazra's magic chief, Aymar Bosun, was walking over.

"Oh, are you really okay?"

"We have been keeping an eye on Shirone's movements in our department. It seems that he finally revealed his true colors. But we can suppress him enough by ourselves. Can we use magic with the permission of the security officer?"

"Of course. If you could do me a favor...."

It was much better for two people to take responsibility than for one person. Besides, Bosun was very influential in Wangseong, so he wouldn't ignore it even if he got into trouble.

Bosun gave a hypocritical smile and walked towards Shirone. Then one or two of Bosun's subordinates came out of the crowd of nobles and followed him.

"I'll protect your side, teacher."

Bosun's side was occupied by Mito Ekashi, his closest aide.

He had a small height of 153 centimeters, thick flesh on his eyelids, and eyes that looked fierce and torn like a child.

He had been wandering around countless battlefields since he was young, and he was a newcomer to Kazra's magic department who reached the official 6th rank at the age of twenty-three.

Of course, there are also extreme geniuses like Oliver Shina who reached the official 6th rank at the age of twenty. But those people are situations where they come out once every 10 years at the national level, so Ekashi was enough to be called Kazra's future without any flaws.

"It's an unexpected boon, teacher."

"Hmm, unexpected things tend to hit back as misfortunes. But this time I can agree with you."

It is a serious crime to cast magic in court. Moreover, Shirone attacked the royal guard and uttered words of treason, so he might as well have stamped his own death sentence.

"Yeah, why did the first prince candidate get so angry?"

Shirone glared coldly at Bosun.

He was himself who wanted to scratch his chin an hour ago. But now I didn't have any thoughts like that. I just wanted to kill him.

"You bastard, you're driving me crazy."

Bosun's heart beat fast at the murderous intent that was hard to see as human. However, he did not lose his momentum at all. He turned his chin slightly and said to the royal guard.

"Take His Majesty and evacuate. I'll take care of this place."

"Yes sir. Your Majesty, please go."

Orkamp shook off the royal guard's hand.

He didn't know why Shirone changed, but if he left his seat, Bosun would kill Shirone somehow. Then he would have no choice but to hand over his seat to Teresa's faction.
```
[Translated block]


"Who said you ran away? Who is the king to you?"

"Oh, I'm sorry!"

The guard who sensed his mistake knelt down. He followed Bo-soon's words in a hurry.

Of course, it would have been enough to let it go if the situation was different. But considering that Bo-soon was a member of the Tera-je faction, it was true that he was rash.
[Translated block]