


```
[219] 7. Heaven (2)

Baalb, who was called the god of anesthesia in some civilization, was a Mara who put all kinds of creatures to sleep and transplanted them into his organs.

Sleep degrades living beings to the status of inanimate objects.

Creatures captured by Baalb were no different from things, and they had to live as monsters' organs for the rest of their lives.

-Progress of the Wine of Anecdote 90%.

Baalb, who weighed over 100 tons, wiggled his flabby body and chased after Siroene. Something like the front legs of a four-legged beast sprouted from his shoulder and hit the ground.

The World Transition shook.

"Kiki! How is it? It's the power of 260 lions. You'll soon become part of my body too."

-Progress of the Wine of Anecdote 91%.

As soon as it exceeded 90%, a voice came out in units of 1%. Siroene's heart sank at the fact that only 9% remained.

"......Rone! Siroene!"

She came to her senses at Canis's call.

"Where are you losing your mind? If you have something prepared, do it quickly. Don't tell me you just rushed in?"

If she had come running because her magic level had improved a little, Canis was just going to cast Dark Worm on himself.

He didn't want to suffer forever as part of the Sleep Mara, even if he died.

Siroene recalled the magic circle that Ikael had given her.

But even if she could create a ray of light, she couldn't use it immediately like an angel.

"I have one thing, but......"

"Then do it! Why are you hesitating!"

Twenty crab legs popped out from Baalb's lower body.

As the fast-moving legs pushed and lifted the 100-ton weight, Siroene and Canis flew their bodies to the side at the same time.

Baalb, who jumped 10 meters, flattened the place where they were.

The World Transition shook and iron dust fell from the ceiling.

"I need time. Can you buy me some time?"

Canis sighed. Was that it after all?

But how long could he hold back this second-degree Mara that was hard to deal with even when sober?

"10 seconds. I can't last any longer than that."

"Please give me a minute."

As soon as Siroene left her seat, Baalb swung his octopus legs. Canis flew like a flying squirrel as soon as the moist tentacles blew up the floor.

"Kikikike! You're good at running away. Well, that's the only advantage of weak things."

"Hmph! You're arrogant for being so dull."

Canis regained his composure and calculated the time. The difference in power was extreme, but it wasn't impossible if he focused only on evasion. Wouldn't a mosquito be able to run away from a human for a minute even if it couldn't beat him?

Lian grabbed his greatsword and got up.

"I have to... go."

He couldn't rest forever. Siroene was preparing something, so he had to buy some time with Canis.

Then Peope shouted as he looked outside.

"That... that!"

When Lian turned around, King Imir of Giants was coming with his eyes burning with anger. He was clearly aiming for Siroene who had humiliated him.

He dragged his broken body and tackled him with all his strength, pushing Imir's body sideways. Lian, who rolled on the floor, grabbed his greatsword and blocked the way to Siroene.

'What? Why?'

He had risked his life to attack him, but he didn't expect Imir to be pushed back. He felt like his strength had weakened compared to before.

Imir brushed off his knees and got up.

"The third time. But it doesn't seem very fun anymore."

"I am Siroene's sword. You can never get close to her until I die."

Thanks to Peope's mental resonance, they could now understand each other's words. But Imir frowned with disappointment instead.

"You're wrong. Power does not exist to protect something. The essence of power is destruction. You will never be able to stop me if you don't realize that."
```
[Translated block]


Emir moved like the wind. His strength had diminished, but his agility seemed to have increased.

A shower of blows rained down on Lian's body. Lian was already broken beyond repair, and he couldn't even fight back.

But he was satisfied with that. As long as he was alive, Emir would never get to Shirona.

'Hang in there. Just a little longer and you can die in peace.'

Emir's eyes gradually turned red. No matter how hard he hit him, Lian wouldn't fall. He had destroyed everything in sight, but he still held on as if there was something left.

"Lian! Lian! Stop it, you bastard!"

Tes shouted with a tear-stained face.

"Please stop hitting him! He'll die if you keep doing that!"

Emir's attack didn't stop. It was a different kind of madness from a normal battle.

He felt the clash of life and life through his skin.

It was fun. He was a very fun human.

"Awesome! Destroying you is my mission!"

Lian's body shook with a tearing sound.

Tes closed her eyes. She still saw it. Lian's death was transmitted through her five senses.

She cried out to Kariel with tears.

"I get it! I'll give birth to it! I'll give birth to as many Nephilim as you want, so please stop it!"

Kariel didn't waver.

"Giving birth to Nephilim is natural. And Emir is not under my control."

-Progress of the Elixir of Life: 96 percent.

Emir stopped his attack and took a deep breath. It was shocking. What was this human made of?

He was dead. No, he should have been dead.

He couldn't even see a trace of life in his body, which couldn't even raise a guard.

But he still held his greatsword.

How? He had smashed all the muscles in his right arm. It was impossible to hold iron with just the tendons.

'No, he's just a corpse. He's frozen like that.'

He was sure he had won, but he didn't feel like he had.

"Finish him off!"

Emir gritted his teeth. He widened his stance and raised his fist, intending to deliver the final blow.

At that moment, he saw Lian's greatsword rise up. Very slowly. When he widened his view, only he was moving in the World War.

'Damn it! This again?'

Emir, who had experienced countless wars, called this phenomenon the seesaw of time. When the speed of the world suddenly soared, it was a phenomenon where time flowed slowly for the receiver.

As one side speeds up, the other side slows down.

Conversely, it meant that Lian's arm was moving fast as Emir's time flowed slowly.

'Damn it!'

Emir realized why the boy could move even after his body was broken.

His mind was not destroyed. That undestroyed mind was directly moving his body.

A technique that completely transcends the mechanism of living things, where the body moves when the mind gives instructions.

It was an avatar technique that only the top giants could do.

Schema was originally a giant's magic, so avatar technique was also similar to some concept in the human world.

In Schema, testers who strengthen their brains control their bodies through mental locks.

But when that goes beyond the limit, the mind and body become integrated and the body follows whatever the mind thinks.

In the human world, this phenomenon is called 'divine transcendence'.

'Haha. It would have been nice if you did this from the start.'

Emir twisted his body as he watched Lian's greatsword point to the ceiling.

He tilted his body as much as he could to avoid it, and at that moment, the speed of time returned sharply.

Lian's greatsword disappeared from his sight. At the same time, his severed right arm spun in midair.

Emir's face turned bitter. The faster Lian moved, the slower time flowed. Even so, he couldn't avoid it perfectly, which meant he couldn't avoid it from the start.
[Translated block]


```text
Boom boom boom boom boom!

As soon as the great sword touched the ground, Lian's right arm exploded. The torn muscles were dangling and the bones were all exposed.

His body couldn't withstand the speed of divine transcendence.

- Progress of the Elixir of Life: 97 percent.

The Elixir of Life was nearing its end. And so was the lives of humans. Canis, who was hit by Baalb's tentacle, flew tens of meters and crashed into the wall.

And he didn't get up.

"Baalb, stop it."

"Yes, Cariel-sama!"

Baalb, who had injured Canis, rushed towards Shirone. The promised one minute had already passed. But there was no change in Shirone yet.

"Shirone! It's dangerous!"

Shirone didn't hear anything. There was no room for nerves to interfere in the process of reversing the Immortal Function to its limit.

"Kuhahaha! You are hanging on my most hideous place!"

A scorpion-like tail sprouted from Baalb's back. A dark droplet hung on the tip of the sting.

It was a powerful sleeping poison that could even put a dragon to sleep with one stab.

At that moment, Shirone's eyes opened wide. Poong! A circle with a diameter of 2 meters was born and Baalb's attack bounced off the shock wave.

Cariel, who was watching it, had a puzzled look on his face.

'Could it be? No, that's impossible.'

Humans can't use angelic abilities. It wasn't something that humans could understand with their heads.

But why was he uneasy? What was this lowly feeling that gnawed at his heart?

"Baalb! We don't have time!"

"Kieeeeee!"

Baalb screamed and launched a barrage attack at Cariel's command. His grotesque face was filled with terror.

Shirone's halo spun at the speed of light and a red dot stuck in the center. Then, the first magic circle began to summon countless concepts.

The magic circle of angels.

Infinite Judgment Halo.

Cariel couldn't help but be shocked by the numerous magic circles that bloomed like lotuses from the halo.

It was really a halo.

It was impossible for humans to realize it themselves. Someone must have taught him.

Who? Who in this heaven is crazy enough to teach a human a halo?

While Cariel was in shock, Peope flew to the girls.

"Hurry! Hurry!"

"I know! Just wait a bit!"

He applied the power of spiral and twisted the handcuffs.

Thanks to Canis cutting more than half of them, Peope's ability could easily destroy the handcuffs.

Meanwhile, Cariel couldn't take his eyes off the halo.

What was happening in front of him was more serious than Nephilim.

The betrayal of an angel was a grave matter that shook the foundation of heaven.

He had to know. Who taught him.

And he had to erase his existence.

Baalb used all kinds of organs to crush Shirone. But he was blocked by an invisible barrier as if he couldn't kill his mother, and his attack stopped before touching him.

"Kiek! Kiek!"

He tried his best, but it was futile. The authority of a higher being recorded in the law prevented him from approaching.

Brilliant flashes hit the halo and numerous magic circles were born and meshed like gears.

The information density exceeded 80 percent and the concepts changed drastically as the rotation speed increased.

The rotation speed of the halo that surpassed imagination felt like it would tear apart the world by itself.

Baalb's face turned pale as he realized the concept contained in the magic circle. His legs gave way and he thumped his buttocks on the ground.

He faced his worst fear as a Mara.

"Heek! Ata...! Ata...!"

Baalb crawled towards Cariel with all his movable organs. But he was so out of it that he didn't have any proper organs to push the ground.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```text
Baalb, who had given up on living, turned around and shouted.

"Lord Kariel! Get out of the way! It's Ataraxia, the super magic amplification array!"

Kariel knew. But he didn't move. All kinds of thoughts filled his head, as if time had stopped.

Ataraxia.

The strongest judgment of heaven that made countless angels surrender. It was Ikael's exclusive patent that made any Mara scream.

He gave that ability to a human?

No way.

It was more plausible that his eyes were crooked and he saw Ikael standing there as a boy.

'Ikael, did you really... go crazy?'

No, he didn't go crazy.

She was sincere about stopping the war. She decided to side with the humans, even giving up the honor of being the strongest angel.

-Information transfer rate 98 percent.

Kariel's body trembled. Only 2 percent left. But Ataraxia was waiting.

He saw Shirole's eyes staring at him. Could a human really use it?

It might be a trick. The art of life had to continue. But if this situation was real...

He would be annihilated.

"Ikaeeeeeel!"

As Kariel screamed in rage, Shirole's photon cannon fired.
```

How is my translation? Did I do a good job?
[Translated block]