


```
[748] Age of Turbulence (4)

* * *

Gustav Empire.

The Gustav Empire, which divides the world into three with Kashan and Jinchun Empire, was immersed in sorrow due to the death of the emperor.

Black flags fluttered everywhere on the streets, and no one bared their teeth.

If you laugh as if you're going to be hanged on a pole, not only yourself but also your family will be beheaded that day.

Squeezing out tears was a natural disposition of the imperial people, and there were many people who had nightmares with the crying sound heard in every house.

So, Habits 16 quietly left the world at the age of 122 on a cold night when the stars were bright.

Officially.

While the whole country is boiling with the heat of sorrow, there is only one place where the laughter and joy of pleasure do not stop.

It was Arkaba, the easternmost part of the empire ruled by Habits 17, the youngest son of Habits 16.

The expression of the manager heading to Habits 17's villa through the grand hall of Wangseong Arkaba was stiff.

'A fact that must never be known. The emperor…….'

He died in pleasure.

The body of Habits 16 was spewing filth from all holes and his eyes were bulging.

The 17 women who were in bed with him and the chief of the time who first reported it were beheaded on the spot.

'The only bloodline left in Gustav, Habits 17.'

Habits 16 had 782 children in 122 years, but now they were not of this world.

This is due to the unique succession method passed down in the Gustav royal family, where the royal family over the age of 20 receives a license to kill relatives.

Anyone over the age of 20 can be killed, and in case of emergency, a successor is determined through a special test.

Habits 17 also became the final successor by brutally executing 17 royals four years ago.

'In other words…….'

He killed 781 brothers.

Even though the emperor has died and he should rush to the capital immediately to hold the succession ceremony, the reason why he is still staying here is…….

'A baseless, yet absolute confidence.'

Anyone who knows the behavior of Habits 17 says this in unison.

An unknown existence that cannot be analyzed.

That's why even the so-called nobles in the empire dare not even dare to stage a coup.

The envoy of the capital who reached the huge door made of gold swallowed his dry saliva and took a deep breath.

"……."

The sound of pleasure and joy was heard through the door.

"Your Majesty, Darmoph, the Minister of Internal Affairs of the Capital, requests an audience."

Instead of answering, the screams of men and women were heard, and as if it were a signal, the guards opened the door.

'This is beyond imagination.'

The smell of corruption was the first to sting the nose, and 200 men and women were behaving like beasts in the huge space.

Beautiful boys and girls, all beautiful and young, but when they were taken in as a whole, they looked like monsters with strange things attached.

"What is it, you?"

A middle-aged man, completely naked, was sitting in a golden chair, sucking on a bear pipe.

'That person is…….'

King of Desire Gustav Habits 17.

The face was long and ugly, the nose was horse-like, but the eyes were beautiful like a woman, creating a perfect disharmony.

'As expected, as I heard.'

In this place filled with the air of pleasure, only he was doing nothing and watching the behavior of others.

According to rumors, what he is smoking is Asker.

It was a powerful drug that was banned in the empire because it chose suicide if it was forcibly cut off for a day.

'But Habits 17 enjoys Asker.'

He smokes 3 grams exactly every 24 hours.

'The strongest restraint achieves the greatest desire.'

It was a famous saying that represented Habits' propensity, and it was the reason he survived among more than 700 brothers and sisters.

"The empire is immersed in sorrow due to the death of the emperor. You should hold the succession ceremony as soon as possible."

"It's annoying. There are no women or men I want to undress, and there are no things or ambitions I want there. I'll go when I want to be an emperor, so give it to anyone for the time being."
```
[Translated block]


Habits, who burst into a snicker, pointed at Darmof.

"How about you do it? It wouldn't be bad to fiddle with the beauty called the empire before you die."

'What the hell is confidence?'

Darmof, who felt creepy, hastily declined.

"I am dull and do not know how to accept your joke."

"Hahahaha!"

Smoke from Asker came out of the throat of Habits, who turned his head and laughed.

The laughter suddenly stopped.

"As much as you fear pain, you also fear pleasure."

Habits bit the bear's pipe again.

"Does your heart beat just by imagining great pleasure? Are you afraid that you can't control it, that you might lose yourself?"

He couldn't breathe as if his prayer was blocked.

'Please, please end quickly.'

For the first time in his life, Darmof regretted becoming the Minister of the Interior of the Empire.

"My father said so."

Habits 16 had seen all the sweetness of the world, but there was one thing he could not have.

"Did you say it was Adrius Miro?"

The successor to Gepin and the best defender of mankind who blocked the army of heaven with the barrier of dimensions.

From the moment he missed her in front of him, Habits 16 thirsted for pleasure like a person whose thirst was not quenched.

"He lost his restraint. I don't care about the emperor, but in that respect, he's a pathetic human."

Darmof, who had served the emperor all his life, had to open his mouth this time.

"Your Highness, it is... to make a derogatory remark about the former emperor who will receive the title of emperor in the future..."

"There's no problem at all."

Habits 17 stood up from his chair.

"If this world is, say, a writer named God gives a few problems and receives a reward for solving them......"

Squeak, the sword next to the chair was drawn.

"Everything would have been simple. There would be no one who was wronged, and there would be no worries about living this way or that way. But, say,"

Habits, who came down the stairs, rolled the men and women rolling in front of him with his feet.

"The problem is that there is no problem from the beginning. This world is... like a square. Just gather here and do anything."

There is no answer because there is no problem.

"Whatever you do in it......"

When the sword pierced the body of the two people rolling on the floor and made a bang sound and stuck to the ground, Darmof flinched his shoulders.

"Nothing happens."

The person who was stabbed in the sword made a groan, but those who were addicted to Asker didn't even care.

Habits pulled out the sword, looked at the blood-stained blade for a moment, and shrugged his shoulders.

"Now, I killed a person. What do you think? Do you think I did something bad?"

The blade of the sword touched Darmof's neck.

"The... the subjects of the empire are all your possessions as..."

"No, no! That's not it! What I mean is, there's nothing in the world that shouldn't be done! And it's not something that must be done. Just......!"

Habits, who was shaking his head looking for words, turned to Darmof and shouted.

"It's nothing!"

The bloody sword pointed at the corpse.

"He's dead! It must be painful. So what? What happens to me? He just died! I just killed him!"

"Huh. Huh."

Urine flowed down Darmof's pants.

"So it's fun, the world now."

If Habits' emotions, which are human emotions, cover us as reality, what form would Habits' emotions take?

"I don't care about the emperor. If you came to tell an uninteresting story, I'll make it fun."

"The... the Holy War opens."

Darmof squeezed out his voice desperately.

"It's the 420th meeting. Because there is no owner of the empire... Your Highness must enter the Holy War... Huh!"

Suddenly the sword was withdrawn.

"Hmm, the Holy War."

Habits, who had closed his eyes and was lost in thought, trembled his eyelids and showed his whites.

"Let's say this world is, if God, the writer, gives a few problems and receives a reward for solving them......"

The sword next to the chair was drawn with a squeak.

"Everything would have been simple. There would be no one who was wronged, and there would be no worries about living this way or that way. But, say,"

Habits, who came down the stairs, rolled the men and women rolling in front of him with his feet.

"The problem is that there is no problem from the beginning. This world is... like a square. Just gather here and do anything."

There is no answer because there is no problem.

"Whatever you do in it......"

When the sword pierced the body of the two people rolling on the floor and made a bang sound and stuck to the ground, Darmof flinched his shoulders.

"Nothing happens."

The person who was stabbed in the sword made a groan, but those who were addicted to Asker didn't even care.

Habits pulled out the sword, looked at the blood-stained blade for a moment, and shrugged his shoulders.

"Now, I killed a person. What do you think? Do you think I did something bad?"

The blade of the sword touched Darmof's neck.

"The... the subjects of the empire are all your possessions as..."

"No, no! That's not it! What I mean is, there's nothing in the world that shouldn't be done! And it's not something that must be done. Just......!"

Habits, who was shaking his head looking for words, turned to Darmof and shouted.

"It's nothing!"

The bloody sword pointed at the corpse.

"He's dead! It must be painful. So what? What happens to me? He just died! I just killed him!"

"Huh. Huh."

Urine flowed down Darmof's pants.

"So it's fun, the world now."

If Habits' emotions, which are human emotions, cover us as reality, what form would Habits' emotions take?

"I don't care about the emperor. If you came to tell an uninteresting story, I'll make it fun."

"The... the Holy War opens."

Darmof squeezed out his voice desperately.

"It's the 420th meeting. Because there is no owner of the empire... Your Highness must enter the Holy War... Huh!"

Suddenly the sword was withdrawn.

"Hmm, the Holy War."

Habits, who had closed his eyes and was lost in thought, trembled his eyelids and showed his whites.
[Translated block]
"Sure, that's a much more interesting place than the empire."

Woorin.

"Ah, I'm really going crazy. This is really hard to bear......"

Darmoph, who confirmed that blood was gathering in the center of Habits, slowly retreated.

"That's right, just like that. One finger at a time, snap... snap..."

I didn't even want to think about what he was imagining.

"But that's just a side show. That's not what real desire is. Do you know what I really want to commit, Minister of the Interior?"

"I, as for me......"

"The world. Everything that exists."

When he spread his arms with a sword in his hand, Habits' center completely aligned vertically and stood up above his navel.

'He's not human. Even if he is human, we should not categorize him as a human.'

The new emperor, Gustav Habits, 17 years old.

"I will conquer the whole world."

A fly from nowhere was flying around the ceiling.

* * *

South of the Akkad Desert.

In this place, the origin of the equatorial wind called the god of the desert, 3,000 demons who escaped from the spiritual realm gathered.

"Commander, there is no more place to occupy."

A gloomy voice echoed where a demon warrior wearing over a ton of armor stood.

4th Army, 2nd Division Commander, Suga Gasias.

"......"

Demon.

It is used in a bad sense for humans, but originally it was a general term for the phenomenon that appears as a projection of a strong group consciousness.

Humans have power dispersed in many countries, while demons are integrated under the name of Satan.

The so-called 72 legions directly under Satan.

The extreme fear that occurs when a human dies becomes a demon and flows into the other world.

The frequency of occurrence of demons is almost the same as the number of deaths in human history, and this figure clearly shows what kind of life most humans have lived.

And the 72 legion commanders feed on their fear and control an army of hell that exceeds 2 billion.

"What is occupation? It is looking down from a high place in a state of perfect submission."

In that sense, the 2nd Division under the 4th Army could not be said to have occupied the southern desert.

"Now let's go for the last remaining one."

After all, demons can be said to be a race made from the dregs of information left by humans who have disappeared, that is, souls.

The furnace that melts demons is called a 'fire plate', and here 'hell fire' that melts human souls is always burning.

When the souls that fell into that hellfire are purified, they combine into one and become a demon, and the ability is determined according to the individuality of the combination.

"Let's go, my loyal servants."

The position of the division commander in Satan's army is equivalent to the commander of a country when compared to human ranks.

Through the Zion Project, the spiritual realm was reduced, but for humanity, it was the worst demon that was left in the desert.

"Kill the humans! Every time they scream, we will become stronger. Give them the most terrible death!"

Therefore, humans define evil as follows.

Devil.

"This world is ours!"

The army of 3,000 crossed the desert.

The place they were heading was the pyramid where Gaold and Gangnan, who had escaped from the spiritual realm, were hiding, the dungeon of Zulu, the great magician of the Paras Kingdom.
[Translated block]