


```text
[366] Special Training (1)

Shirone was registered as a formal trainee and stayed at the association. It was Kangnan's idea that it was safer to announce it before any strange rumors spread.

The first thing he did was write a letter to send home. Kangnan checked it and gave permission.

When he went out to the city and sent a telegram and came back, Flu was waiting on the third floor.

"Did you send the letter?"

"Yes. They said it would take about five days. But are you waiting for me?"

"Yeah. I got a favor from the deputy secretary."

Shirone was still left with the shock wave he had received from Gauld's interview. He couldn't help but be scared when Kangnan asked him for something.

"From today, I'm going to help you with your training."

He had thought that Gauld would help him with something while he was here, but he didn't expect the pro-mage to teach him directly.

Still, he couldn't be happy because he got caught by none other than Flu, who nagged.

"Why is your expression like that? Are you sick somewhere?"

"No, no. It's just too sudden."

"What's sudden? Special training, or me?"

"Well... both."

Flu laughed as if he was satisfied.

"You got caught well. But you don't have to be too nervous. I'm not teaching you directly."

"What do you mean by that?"

Flu rummaged through his pocket. He stuck out his tongue and rolled his eyes, as if he had put it in a very deep place.

"Ta-da! I got it from the deputy secretary. Do you know what this is?"

Flu had a large golden key in his hand.

"I don't know. It looks like a key with a high probability."

"This is the magic storage key, the symbol of the Magic Association! It's going into an area where no one can enter without the approval of the association president!"

Shirone thought for a moment about what to react to. Wouldn't it be better to be happy or angry if he knew what kind of place the magic storage was?

"What are you doing? Let's go see."

It was Gauld's consideration for Shirone, but Flu was the one who jumped up and down excitedly.

He took Shirone to the 16th floor of the association.

When the elevator door opened, a solid iron door blocked in front of his nose.

Shirone stepped forward out of habit and almost bumped his head.

Flu laughed as if he knew it would happen and inserted the key.

The door opened automatically and a spectacle unfolded.

The entire 16th floor was a library and bookshelves stretched out in rows as if they were reflected between two mirrors.

"Come on in. You're that trainee, right?"

A neat beauty who looked like she was in her mid-30s crossed over from outside the iron door.

She wore a business-like black suit and her black hair was neatly twisted up. She wore light makeup and pink lipstick, her eyebrows were thinly trimmed, and her eyes were large and deep with thick double eyelids.

"Hello, Isabel."

Flu bowed his head sharply and gestured for Shirone to come out.

"Let me introduce you. This is Isabel, a certified 3rd class mage and head of the magic library."

Shirone bowed his head in surprise. The rank and age of her face caused cognitive dissonance.

"Hello. I'm Arian Shirone."

"Yeah. I heard from the president of the association. You are a talent that attracts attention from the Magic Association, so work hard in the future. Come on in first. I'll show you around the library."

When Isabel turned her body first, Flu and Shirone followed her inside.

"This is where magic books are stored. There are about 28,000 magic books here. You can assume that most of the regulated magic registered in the kingdom are available."

"Huh? 28,000 books?"

Shirone couldn't hide his surprise and looked around.

All the books here were magic developed by someone. He shivered with excitement.

Flu raised his finger as if he knew it would happen.

"That's right, I told you. It's a huge privilege to come here."

Flu's words didn't reach Shirone properly.
```
[Translated block]


There were thin books of ten pages and thick books of nearly a thousand pages in the library. The cover colors and designs varied depending on the attributes and lineages, and the heights were different.

It looked like an artistic work that embodied the countless magics scattered around the world.

'Ah, so that's why the Grand Mage has to manage it.'

The magic books contain the omniscience and omnipotence of a specific magic.

It contains detailed information that can be learned by self-study if you have access to the spirit zone and have an extraordinary head.

In the case of high-level magic books, they would be very expensive even if they were priced, and 28,000 volumes of books would be worth beyond imagination, enough to bother counting the amount.

"I'm sorry. I couldn't believe it at first. Isabel looked too young to look like a grand mage."

Isabel covered her mouth with her fist and chuckled. Most magicians have strong pride, but she seemed rather happy to be told that she looked young.

"I know what you mean. But being a grand mage doesn't necessarily mean being strong or destructive. I'm a clerical worker. The rank of the red line is determined by reputation and achievement points, but when I first came to the magic library, I was only certified 7th grade. Then, after organizing 1,500 magic books for 10 years and my mentor retired, I became 3rd grade. The achievement points were abnormally high. On the other hand, my reputation was very low."

Achievements and reputation varied depending on the profession. That's why there were magicians with high combat power in the same grade, but there were also many who specialized in other areas.

If he had worked in the Magic Association Library for 10 years, Isabel's field experience would have been almost nonexistent.

But Shirone was rather admiring her from a different perspective.

"1,500 books...."

The process of registering regular magic is done through interviews or letters from magic developers.

When omniscience and omnipotence are delivered in paper format, Isabel reviews them and summarizes them into magic books.

In short, it was impossible work without excellent magic understanding and vast knowledge.

'Well, if you organize 1,500 magic books in 10 years, anyone would become a grand mage.'

Of course, he didn't know that it was extremely difficult to endure those 10 years.

In that sense, Isabel was fully qualified to rise to the rank of Grand Mage of Certified 3rd Grade.

"Anyway, just think of me as a comfortable sister. Actually, I'm burdened by the title of Grand Mage."

Shirone had only met scary and out-of-the-ordinary people who were called Grand Mages until now, so it was a strange feeling.

But thanks to that, he was able to look around the magic library with a more comfortable mind.

The magic books were largely divided by lineage and then subdivided by time.

There were very old ones and magics that led the latest trends.

He shivered slightly when he saw a copy of photonization magic.

Isabel finished her introduction and told him to take a look around and went back to her desk.

Next to her, who was looking at the documents with her arms on the desk, a pen was moving by itself.

Shirone had also worked at the Grand Library of Ogent, so he could guess how much Isabel's work speed had accelerated over 10 years.

'If you have that skill level, 1,500 books in 10 years wouldn't be impossible.'

Plu hit Shirone's back.

"Hey, what are you staring at? Isabel is married. Are you into that?"

Shirone shook his hand with a serious expression.

"Absolutely not."

Whether he did or not, Plu shivered with his arms crossed as if he was touched.

"The secretary-general said you can take anything you want. Let's start with choosing the magic you'll practice."

Take anything and learn it. Shirone guessed Gaold's intention.

He meant to think about hints for destroying heaven by referring to various magics as well as training.

But even so, giving him free access to the magic library.

He wasn't lying when he said he wouldn't spare any support.
[Translated block]
 a photon emitter and a teleportation device. The photon emitter can be any device that can produce
[Translated block]


```text
'What if we combine this with the God particle?'

That is, teleporting while firing photon cannons in all directions instead of photon output.

If Buki added the meaning of disruption tactics to the shotgun movement, Shirone could evolve it into a movement technique with attack power.
```
[Translated block]