


[211] 4. The Truth of Heaven (5)

"It's a double lock!"

"Yes. He's a meticulous guy. I'll show you Arcane's memory from now on, so check it out for yourself."

Havist's memory flowed in. Arcane seemed to have come to heaven with his colleagues.

In the meantime, he came into Inglis alone.

Of course, Eureka offered a contract.

Arcane accepted the proposal by betting on Inglis' free access. She was crazy at the time, so she started attacking Arcane as soon as the contract was concluded.

'Master...'

Unlike Canis, who couldn't even use his hand in battle, Arcane fought Eureka without falling behind.

'It doesn't make sense. How can he cast magic in a situation where he has been edited?'

Canis tried to remember more.

The answer was ingenious enough to be called Arcane-like. He erased all his memories with Abyss magic.

There is no concept to sell if you lose your thoughts.

It didn't end there. Arcane began to restore the morphemes of the language one by one.

He tried to find Mara's name by comparing all the languages that could be combined with morphemes with the editor's reaction.

At one point, when an infinite number of words were assembled and disassembled, Eureka suddenly screamed.

She turned pale and flew away without looking back where Arcane was not.

The place where Arcane's language combination roulette stopped was Eureka.

"…Is this possible? He combined tens of thousands of languages in that short moment."

"There is no limit to what happens in thought. Well, even so, I wouldn't be able to write a novel. It's mathematical. He laid out the morphemes and made an algorithm and then spun it like a roulette. He must have had a good brain when he was young. Anyway, he's a genius just by looking at what made me. If he hadn't been obsessed with dark magic, he wouldn't have stayed at a mere third-class mage."

Canis felt proud of being Arcane's disciple.

Besides, wasn't it thanks to the memo left by his master that he could defeat Eureka?

Eureka probably hid until Arcane left. In the meantime, Arcane found Eureka's information and recorded the serial number.

Arcane's last memory came into Canis' head. He shivered when he realized the true reason for the double lock.

Arcane was telling his disciple where he was with his memory, not his record.

Canis walked to where Arcane had last stood. And he reached out to the panel, following his master's movements.

'Master, thank you.'

Of course, Arcane at that time didn't know that he would accept Canis as his disciple. But the message he sent to his junior who arrived here was clear.

Mage, become an eternal boy.

Canis took out the panel designated by Arcane and checked the sentence that appeared on the glass plate after converting the language.

The Book of Light and Darkness.

Canis flipped through the pages and skimmed them quickly. One of the phrases caught his eye and stared at it.

Havist tapped his shoulder and said,

"You've achieved your purpose of coming to heaven."

"No. I can't say that until I get back safely. I have to save Arin."

"I guess so. Are they okay over there? It's been quite a delay."

Canis handed the panel to Havist and went to the central control device.

"It's just in time for Lian to arrive. Copy the record for me. I'll try to release the mecha system."

Havist put his palm on the glass plate and printed out all the letters at once. It was a way of memorizing all the vibration patterns by flipping through pages.

Canis arrived at the central control device and couldn't touch anything. Cold sweat ran down his forehead.

He knew how it worked by peeking at Eureka touching the screen, but it was impossible to handle equipment he had never seen before like an expert.

"Damn it, why is it so complicated?"
[Translated block]


```text
Canis pressed any button at random. What's the worst mistake, other than breaking it?

At one point, a map of the entire Jebul appeared.

When he touched the world before the great world, the screen zoomed in and countless items were connected in a row.

When he entered the security system, he saw a setting that blocked the mecha system.

Canis chose to release without hesitation.

Some areas that appeared as dotted lines on the map became clear lines.

"Canis, I saved all the records. I remembered it only by pattern, so I have to convert it to language when I have time."

"Good. I found one thing too. Looking at the map, there is a portal to Inglish in every area of Jebul. In other words, this place is like the heart of Jebul. So if you take the portal backwards, you'll be able to go to the portal closest to the world before the great world."

Canis and Habist ran to the end of Inglish.

It was fortunate that things went well, but that didn't mean the situation improved.

Arin is still there.

All he could hope for was that Lian wouldn't be late.

@

Sironne's unconsciousness flooded with Ikael's memories in chunks. The order of time was jumbled, but it was faster than the speed of thought, so he couldn't feel the contradiction.

Sironne was shocked to see Ra's form that Ikael conveyed. It was the epitome of grotesqueness. But his intellectual level surpassed that of modern humans.

"Even if parts change, the whole is perfect."

Ra was the first intelligence to realize the existence of the universe.

"The universe is something God left behind. Doesn't anyone know that this exists! But I gave it meaning. Therefore, this universe is mine."

The first being Ra gave meaning to was an angel.

The first causal object was divided into a second object, and from there it was further divided into giants and fairies. They acted according to their own laws and spread Ra's will.

Ikael took Sironne to another world. There were many creatures living there, but there was no one who could give meaning.

A giant 2 kilometers tall arrived through a dimensional door. When the giant stood up, his face pierced through the clouds and the mountain range lay below his waist.

Ikael also told him about giants.

The liquor of daylight consists of 10 stages, and only giants who have passed 6 stages can leave for a new world.

The giant roared. His body began to collapse gradually, and blood and flesh rained down like rain.

After a long time passed... One by one, humans began to appear where the giant had fallen.

When humans who created society developed civilization, an angel came and planted a child in a girl's body. Someday the child will become a Nephilim and lead people to heaven.

As time passed, changes began to occur in human society.

Humans who had the ability to give meaning grew rapidly and eventually became intoxicated with their own power and began to distance themselves from God.

The army of heaven came down and punished them.

The fight was one-sided. The power of heaven was powerful, and angels and maras destroyed countless civilizations.

Nevertheless, humans persisted and repeated the same mistakes.

Then one day, a group that denied God appeared on an island called Galliant in the south.

Archangel Ikael stepped forward himself. She who could activate all things' power increased Galliant's volcanic activity by more than 20,000 times and caused a volcanic eruption.

Time quickly passed and a world similar to Sironne's era unfolded.

Humans were still enjoying prosperity.

It was blasphemy at its peak, and Anke Ra finally decided to destroy humanity.

The final war. It was the end of the world.

Sironne watched the situation in heaven at that time.

A portal tens of meters high was open and an army of heaven made up of giants, fairies, and god-people were preparing to march out.

In the sky, there were vibrations of angels, and on the ground, there were roars of maras in armor.
```
[Translated block]


'No! Never!'

Shirone screamed, forgetting that the scene before her eyes was from the past. They could never win. When the army of heaven came, it was the end of the world.

As the sortie order came down, a huge army led by angels poured into the portal.

Shirone's mind also followed them into the portal. She passed through the colorful tunnel and saw the exit.

She felt nauseous from the tension. This was a past memory.

But then, how did humans stop the army of heaven?

'There was no record of such a war in history.'

As the destination came into view, the maras burned with zeal and roared. Shirone flew ahead of them. And when she reached the end of the portal, she froze.

What spread before her eyes was not the original world.

A pale space with nothing. And there was a woman standing there.

It was Adrias Miro.

'Gepin, I will not forgive you.'

Miro was crying. She raised her fist and cast a spell, glaring at the army alone.

Then something amazing happened. As if blocked by an invisible barrier, the maras at the front began to stop.

The angels looked at Miro with confusion. On the other hand, the maras pounded on the barrier and screamed.

'This abomination! You will pay for betraying Ral!'

'Remember this, Miro! The end is only postponed! When the time comes, we will kill you first!'

Shirone learned all the truth.

She had created another space-time between the hole in heaven and the human world and cut off the connection.

That was... Miro's space-time.

A man with a huge stature flew to the end of the portal from the crowd of angels.

It was Archangel Uriel.

'How long do you think you can hold on like this? There is no way to avoid the final war. We will come back for sure. Use your precious time wisely.'

Miro bit her lip until it bled. The new space-time filled up and their distance grew farther apart.

Uriel glared at Miro fiercely and turned his body. Then the angels began to return to heaven one by one.

But the maras stayed until the end and spat out curses. They cried out in desperate voices until Miro's figure disappeared from sight.

Shirone also drifted away with the army of heaven. But she couldn't take her eyes off Miro.

She realized why Archmage Arcane had tried to erase her memory even though it didn't make sense to the world.

One day, there was a moment when humanity was about to perish.

And Miro, she was still staying in her own space, postponing the end of the world.

5. The Magic Formula of Angels (1)

Shirone opened her eyes.

The first thing she felt was freshness. It was like waking up from a long sleep.

How long had she been sleeping?

Shirone got up and shouted as she thought that far.

'No! My friends...!'

Ikaele reassured Shirone.

"Don't worry. You must have been asleep for less than five minutes."

"But why is my body...?"

"My light penetrated you and cleared your mind. I can activate everything, you know."

As she said, her mental power, which had been exhausted from fighting one after another from Igrin to Tabu, was fully recovered.

"Oh, thank you. I didn't know that..."

"It's okay. By the way, how do you feel, knowing the secret of heaven?"

Shirone recalled the memory that Ikaele had given her. It was faint like a dream, but it was definitely not a dream.

She had learned an incredible fact. Especially that Miro had done such a thing was shocking.

"The ability to connect dimensions and dimensions is exclusive to angels. But we have been passing on angelic abilities to humans for a long time."

"That's Nephilim."

"Yes. Nephilim are those who lead humans to God. But some Nephilim do the opposite. Such civilizations mostly deviate from God's will and build their own civilizations. Like the world you lived in."
[Translated block]


Shirone knew the reason why the ancient magic device was different. At some point, humans had deviated from the will of God, and the magic they had developed independently was the spirit realm.
[Translated block]