


Alpha PC (Alpha fish)(1)

Ex Machina was a cube with a width of 4 meters, a length of 4 meters, and a height of 4 meters, and it weighed up to 7 tons.

It was made of smooth metal material, and the angel's language Hena was engraved in gold on the black surface.

"It looks like a giant meta gate."

Minerva agreed with Shiro's words.

"Even if Archangel Kariel made it, the technology is based on the mecha system."

Woorin added.

"Mecha people like cubes. It could be for technical reasons, but this shape itself can be considered mecha."

When I recalled the civilization of the Mecha people I encountered in the magic warehouse Istas and heaven, my head naturally nodded.

"Let's get started."

When the death god opened Ex Machina, there was space for five people to enter.

Those who had already demonstrated the card game went in first, and Eruki moved his steps last.

"Eruki, cheer up."

Four people sat side by side on the second floor, and Eruki took the center of the first floor.

When I put my palms on the hemispherical glass attached to both armrests, a device resembling a drone came down from the ceiling.

With the brainwave detection device covering up to the nose, Eruki turned his right hand and raised his thumb.

"You don't have to push too hard from the beginning."

With the end of the voice of the death god, the exit of Ex Machina closed, and after a while, a terrifying mechanical sound was heard.

Shirone, who filled the wide warehouse with noise, blocked her ears and slowly backed away.

As time passed, the sound became louder, and when the weight of 7 tons began to shake, the death god shouted.

"Darn it! I told you not to overdo it!"

The noise was so severe that it seemed that only the lips were moving, but the seriousness of the situation could be fully realized.

"Eruki......"

20 minutes passed quickly, and finally, the hellish sound disappeared and the exit opened.

As the iron door opened, spewing thick steam, Eruki jumped out immediately.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

People ran to the ground, vomiting vomit.

"Eruki! Are you okay?"

He, who was looking down at the ground with shocked eyes, had not yet realized reality.

"What happened?"

When Shirone turned her head with resentful eyes, the people playing the card game came down with a bitter expression.

Gudio looked down at Eruki and said.

"He passed."

It was a monstrous brain function.

"The tutorial we suggested is to manipulate the winner of a card game played by four people."

"But?"

"Eruki went first in the middle. Boring? So we also increased the board."

Ness said.

"The test is this. Change the final winner as we designated in a card game tournament where 300 people participate."

Agaya added.

"The difficulty is to manipulate not only the victory or defeat of each game, but also the real-time financial status of 300 people, and even the lottery draw. The greedy, foolish, beautiful women, etc., we designated 17 people in turn as the final winners and passed the test."

"......Did you do such a simulation in 20 minutes?"

The amount of information that would take at least a month in reality was dizzying just by listening.

"Aw, I'm dying. My head is spinning."

Shirone, who was supporting Eruki, who was wiping his lips and getting up, was furious.

"Tell me honestly! Did you overdrive?"

No one can live long if sparks from the cortex are enough to escape through the pupils.

"It's okay. It's this much."

Manchowol is about jumping over a certain barrier, and overdrive also applies.

However, what Eruki is breaking is not the natural world, but the biological world, and even his own body.

"What's this much! What if you overdo it in a test that is not even a real game? I am......"

The memory of Eruki's overdrive in the graduation exam remains as pain to Shirone.
[Translated block]


"If you ever go wrong...!"

Shirone's eyes were hot.

"Shirone, my father used to say. There are many people in the world who can't do what they want to do."

It's not mine because it came to me.

"If those who can don't do it, we, humans, can never move forward."

Shirone recalled the day she first met Iruki.

'Yes, you were that kind of person.'

Even those playing card games in a solemn atmosphere acknowledged him unanimously.

'I thought it was a childish act...'

A young man who willingly carried a heavy load as much as his enormous talent, he was a perfect partner to fight together.

Iruki patted Shirone's shoulder.

"Anyway, I've adapted now. There won't be such a disgrace in the future, so rest assured."

Ness said.

"No, you really did a good job. When we first operated Exmachina, we were almost out for an hour."

Agaya said.

"We will start formal training from tomorrow, and we will do some briefing today. Follow us."

Once accepted as a team, Iruki had to know what the card players knew.

"See you later, Shirone."

Iruki, who was following them, winked at Shirone as he looked back.

"......"

It meant not to run away.

* * *

The imperial capital seen from the spire was as dark as the deep sea, except for a few small lights like fireflies.

'Amy...'

Shirone couldn't sleep because she knew why Iruki insisted on meeting today.

"I'm sorry. The meeting was late."

Iruki slid down from the top of the spire like a slide and stopped just before falling, stepping on the railing.

"Oh, this is your room?"

Many stars twinkling in the night sky were reflected in the eyes of Iruki, who was lying on the slope with his arm as a pillow.

"It's good. It's not stuffy."

Shirone greeted him with a smile.

"Did the meeting go well?"

"It's a very meticulous strategy. The problem is that it's not easy to find Alphapis."

"Habits who love the most?"

"Yeah. Alphapis is also called a pilot fish. It's a fish that goes in first and creates an aquarium environment when you raise a goldfish."

Iruki raised his index finger.

"The first button is important. There may be a beta fish that hates habits, but..."

Thinking that the story would be long, he folded the story of the day and went into the main topic that Shirone wanted.

"The other kids are doing well too. Nate is developing technology in Yongnoe, and Dante got a job at the Torumia National Information Agency. We've had a few meals together..."

He missed the days of Alpheus Magic School.

"Maya rejected the offer from a famous planning company in another country and signed a contract with a performance planning company in the Kingdom of Torumia. Fermi seems to have left the kingdom, and then..."

As a dragon that deals with incidents across the country, Iruki was also familiar with the recent status of his classmates.

"Everyone is living busy."

However, there was no word about the person he really wanted to hear, Amy.

"...How is she doing?"

In the end, Shirone asked.

"Ha."

Iruki opened his heavy mouth.

"After you said goodbye in your dream and left, she passed the public exam. And during the training to become a magic officer in Torumia..."

"During the training?"

Shirone swallowed his saliva.

"She met another officer and seems to be dating. If you meet her, tell her thanks for everything."

"Amy?"

Shirone's face turned pale.

"Puhahaha! Just kidding! Amy wouldn't do that without telling you."

Shirone was really angry.

"You really! Even if it's a joke, that kind of thing..."

"I wish it was. How great would it be?"

Iruki cut off his words.

"She left the training center halfway and came to me. She had a recruitment document for the Holy War. She said she needed a recommendation, so I wrote it through someone I know."
[Translated block]
"Sanctuary, Valkyrie?"

"Yes. Do you understand what I'm saying? Thor Mia is not that serious yet. But the sanctuary goes around the battlefield. Somehow, it's a dangerous situation."

Amy's voice lingered like a dream.

-I'll go.

"To meet me......"

"Yes. You called me. Because I needed it. But it's not Amy. She risked her life and threw her life to become someone you need somehow."

Iruki, who sat up, looked down at the capital.

"I wanted to stop it, but I couldn't. I was happy when you called me by letter. So I understand Amy's feelings. Neid too, we want to fight together."

Shirone was silent.

"How about going to Valkyrie once? You can tell the empress. You're the leader of the sanctuary, right?"

"Rather, it's the opposite."

It wasn't good to show favoritism to Amy, knowing Uorin's heart.

'No, she already knows.'

He wasn't a frivolous person who would ruin things out of curiosity, but there must have been a reason why he didn't tell Shirone.

"It's not confirmed yet. There's a kingdom recommendation, but that's what all applicants have. If you can't pass the Valkyrie training itself, you'll return to Thor Mia."

"You'll pass."

She wouldn't give up trying to meet Shirone without mentioning the Carmis family.

"……Yes. That's why it's a problem."

The two young men sighed.

"Iruki, I said I was happy when you called me."

"You did."

"The same. I will too. If the day comes when I can meet Amy confidently......"

There was a bright energy in Shirone's eyes.

"I really need Amy. I believe Amy will definitely do it."

If that day comes.

"It's already spring."

It was a dawn that was not colder than yesterday.

* * *

South of Kassan.

The city of Harumatan was an area densely populated with imperial military facilities, and it was also the place where the Valkyrie Army Command was located.

"One! Order! Bell! Big! One! Order! Bell! Big!"

Amy was at the entrance to the training center where Valkyrie applicants from all over the world were entering with their voices raised.

"Hurry up! Hurry in, you guys!"

The number of people was about 300, and unlike ordinary armies, the proportion of women exceeded 30%.

"Men here! Women there!"

When you receive a recommendation and a name tag, a scary instructor like a tiger separates men and women by shouting.

"Hurry up, hurry up! Why are you so skinny! Do you still think you guys are the flowers of the kingdom? You idiots!"

All the applicants were talents who received the king's love, but there was no one who was not outstanding in the sanctuary.

'It's no different here.'

They were familiar with competition as they breathed, passing through special schools in each country and passing the public examination.

'It's just going higher.'

Amy looked at the line of bells with a calm expression, and the other applicants seemed to have no change in emotion.

Put a name tag on your chest and wait for the instructor to point to the iron gate with a baton

"This is your grave!"

The sign hanging under the arch read 'Welcome to those who applied for Valkyrie.'

'The spelling is wrong.'

It was the most creepy since I came here.

"Everyone, enter!"

As the military band's performance began, the instructor raised both arms and shouted.

"Welcome to hell! Corpses!"
[Translated block]