


```text
[269] The Bloodline of Teraze (2)

She got permission surprisingly easily, but Shirone had anticipated this situation from the beginning.

Those who have wealth are free. It was the same when she worked on the relocation of the Grand Library at the risk of her life in the Ogent family.

The butlers meticulously classified the books according to the rules, but the nobles didn't care whether they lost or kept them.

Eliza hugged Shirone and kept repeating something, but no sound remained in Shirone's mind, who was absorbed in her thoughts.

Suddenly, Eliza remembered something and jumped up.

"This is not the time. I'm having a meal with my son for the first time, I can't be in this outfit. Honey, I'll change my clothes."

"Go ahead."

Eliza let go of Shirone and walked to the dressing room. Then the female servants followed her in a row.

Shirone thought that clothes were not important for eating. But just as there was a dress code for noble parties, choosing clothes seemed to be as important as finding a son after 18 years for the royal family.

Eliza left and only Orkamp and Shirone remained. An awkward silence ensued without any words exchanged. Whether he had thought from the beginning or couldn't overcome the awkwardness, Orkamp spoke first.

"Shirone... was it?"

"Yes. It's the name my parents gave me."

Shirone emphasized that it was the name her parents gave her. Orkamp might have given her a name too, but she didn't want to give up the name Shirone.

"I see. It's a good name."

Contrary to expectations, Orkamp didn't say anything else.

He might not have had a name for her from the beginning. That meant he had already decided to abandon his child when she was growing in her mother's womb.

"Do you resent me?"

"I did when I was young. But now..."

Shirone swallowed the words that were about to follow. It seemed too rude to say that she was lucky to be born as Vincent's son.

Orkamp read Shirone's emotions with his unique insight and gave a bitter smile.

"Now you don't."

"That's..."

"I know. It may look glamorous to be a royal, but it's not a very good place. There are many things you have to take responsibility for and give up."

"Like giving up on me."

Orkamp was momentarily flustered by Shirone's piercing question, but soon returned to his calm expression.

"I'm sorry. I couldn't find you..."

Shirone shook her head and stopped Orkamp's words.

She didn't want to hear it.

No, she actually wanted to hear it. But what would come out of his mouth would not be the answer she expected. She felt sure of that.

"It's okay. You found me now."

Orkamp felt Shirone's extraordinaryness on his skin. She had lived as a commoner for 18 years, but she didn't show any signs of nervousness in the royal palace of another country. Moreover, she was a strong-minded person who made her demands clear even after meeting the king and queen.

'Indeed... blood does not thin.'

He came to that conclusion and turned his body to the library to proceed with the next step. Then he suddenly thought that Shirone would be left alone and turned back and asked.

"It's dinner time in 30 minutes. Will you stay here?"

Shirone shook her head. She felt like she would suffocate and die if she stayed in this room for another minute.

"No. I'll go out. Can I look around the palace?"

This request was pure curiosity without any calculation behind it. It was a great honor for a commoner, even a noble, to be invited to the palace. It was a good opportunity to see the palace that she had been curious about since she was young, aside from honor or anything else.

Orkamp readily agreed.

"Then. You can look around anywhere. This place will be your home now."

Shirone intended to return to the magic school. But it was untimely to bring up such a thing at this moment, so she just expressed her gratitude for Orkamp's kindness and left the room.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
Shirone walked down the hallway with a fluttering feeling. Where should she go first? The armory, the bakery, the chapel, anywhere was fine, but what she was most interested in was the gallery where various artworks were displayed.

As she saw an old caretaker standing at the corner of the hallway, Shirone approached him to ask for directions. But before she could say anything, the caretaker bowed his head first.

"Miss Shirone, there is someone who wants to meet you."

Shirone's mood soured as soon as she heard the caretaker's words.

Normally, she would have followed him without a sound, but she was tired of the royal family's selfish and egocentric way of thinking. She didn't like this situation.

"Not now. I want to be alone. His Majesty said it was okay for me to go anywhere until dinner time."

She didn't know the caretaker's rank, but Shirone showed her displeasure openly. She had spoken her mind even in front of the king, so she didn't think she had to care about a mere caretaker.

But the unidentified caretaker smiled wickedly and said, as if he had no choice but to follow her words.

"Of course, that's fine too, but don't you think it would be better to meet him?"

Shirone sensed a hint of uneasiness in the caretaker's smile and put away her annoyed feelings and regained her composure. It was a clear threat. And that made her curious. There wasn't much time left until dinner. Why did he have to find her so urgently?

"Who is he?"

A sharp glint flashed in the caretaker's eyes.

"He is Teraise Zion. The first prince of Kazra. For now, at least."

The caretaker emphasized the words 'for now'. It meant that the position of the first prince would change soon, but for some reason, it had an opposite nuance.

Shirone became cautious in front of Zion's name. The one she had to be most wary of in the palace was undoubtedly Teraise's faction. And it was a situation where they had requested contact first.

It was better for Shirone to meet him as soon as possible and check what kind of person he was. If she knew his personality, she could roughly guess how they would move. Zion probably thought the same way and sent the caretaker.

"Okay, let's meet him."

"That's an excellent decision. Please follow me this way."

The caretaker led Shirone to the east wing of the inner palace.

The place where the royal family stayed was smaller than the inner palace where Orkamp stayed, but it was still luxurious.

There was a lion statue that reached the ceiling in the hall that separated the east wing from the other wings, and four paths stretched out from there to the north, south, east, and west.

As they advanced 20 meters to the east, a door decorated with gold awaited Shirone. The caretaker opened it from outside and an artificial garden with a white marble floor appeared.

Shirone looked inside before entering.

The garden was beautiful, but it was also a perfect place for setting up something. It was winter, but there were palm trees that gave off a southern vibe.

At the table in the center, a younger brother and sister were drinking tea, and on the floor, a sleek black cat and a fluffy white cat were playing with each other.

"Lord Zion, I have brought Miss Shirone."

Zion was watching the cats play and didn't turn his gaze when he heard the caretaker's words. He just lifted his head slightly.

"Tell her to come in."

As soon as he gave the order, the caretaker gave Shirone a sneering gesture to enter.

Shirone clenched her jaw and walked in stiffly.

If she looked down on him from the start, all her strategies would be useless. The sound of the unidentified caretaker closing the door behind her was strangely annoying.

Shirone walked to the table and ignored manners and stared fiercely at their faces.

'These are...'

Teraise Zion and Teraise Uorin.

The current first prince and princess of Kazra.

They were Orkamp's children, of course. But they followed their mother Teraise's surname. The reason was simple. Orkamp had lost in the power game of political marriage. The world called this Orkamp's humiliation.
```
[Translated block]


Zion finally turned his head and looked up at Siro. Then he shook his shoulders as if Siro's serious face was funny.

"Haha! Don't be so tense. I won't eat you."

Siro didn't know what the Empress of Kashan, Teraze, looked like. But he guessed that he could vaguely tell her appearance by removing the features of Orkamp from Zion's face.

He was a beautiful boy with cold-looking silver hair, thick eyelids, and a cat-like pointed chin. It was easy to imagine that Teraze's beauty was beyond imagination.

Woorin greeted Siro with a smile.

"Hello, I'm Woorin. You're a magician, right? I saw you in the magazine."

A white cat jumped onto Woorin's lap. Siro couldn't take his eyes off the fourteen-year-old girl who hugged the cat and stroked its fur.

If he inferred Teraze from Zion's appearance, Woorin seemed to reveal vividly what kind of person Teraze was.

She resembled Teraze much more than Zion did. No, to be precise, she seemed to have little Orkamp blood mixed in.

She was a beautiful girl, and her appearance had a spiritual mystery beyond her beauty.

Siro had experienced a similar feeling before. He didn't expect to feel the same way he did when he first saw Ikael in heaven from a human.

Woorin lowered her head slightly and looked up at Siro with an anxious look.

"Why, why are you looking at me like that? We'll be family in a few days, that look is burdensome."

Siro's face flushed.

"No, I didn't mean to look at you like that......"

As if it had never happened, Woorin laughed and held her stomach.

"Hohoho! I'm kidding, kidding! I heard you're 18 years old, but you're so naive. Don't be like that and come over here."

Siro regained his composure and sat down in the seat that Woorin gave him. He almost lost the initiative, but this was just the beginning.

Sijong brought tea and the conversation continued.

He expected a fierce psychological battle, but Zion was optimistic about the situation.

It was possible for him to look down at Siro.

"You're not stupid either, so you must know the situation of Wangseong. And what kind of weight the name Teraze has. I just called you to end it cleanly. I don't know what father was thinking when he found you, but you can't be king anyway. So it would be better not to hold your head up too high."

It was fair to say that it was an official declaration of candidacy for the throne to openly urge the first prince candidate to give up.

Siro, who had devoured history books, knew very well how the bloody struggle of the royal family unfolded.

But this time, he was rather grateful that Zion came out like this. He had no interest in the throne from the beginning.

"Don't worry. I just came because I was invited. I'll go back when this is over. I don't want to live here. I don't want to be king either."

"Hahaha! You talk well. Usually sneaky bastards say that and stab you in the back. You're so despicable as a magician. Oh, right! You're not even a magician. You're a magician wannabe."

Woorin scolded Zion.

"Brother, don't be like that. Siro brother had a hard childhood. It's amazing that a commoner entered a magic school. And he's now rated as a great prospect."

Woorin was friendly to Siro unlike Zion.

But from Siro's point of view, Woorin's kindness was more dangerous than Zion's blatant hostility.

Woorin was also Teraze's daughter. She had no reason to be nice to him.

Woorin smiled prettily and said.

"Siro brother still seems to be wary of us. It's all because of Zion brother. Oh, can I call you brother?"

Siro couldn't adapt to the atmosphere here.

The Teraze siblings were like going back and forth between heaven and hell in terms of personality. He had a hard time keeping track of both of them at the same time.


I hope my translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any questions or comments about it? 😊
[Translated block]


```text
"Well, it's not really decided yet. Is that okay?"

"Hey, what does it matter? I'll just call you oppa. You're older than me anyway. But oppa, do you also use magic and stuff?"

"Magic? Well, basic stuff, yeah."

Woorin clapped her hands and was happy.

"Wow! That's exciting! You have to show me later! Magic is amazing every time I see it. How can fire come out of your hand?"

Shirone was gradually captivated by a strange feeling.

He couldn't find any strategic sense in Woorin's attitude. He even thought that she might be simply a kind and innocent girl.

But if she was a country girl, maybe, but as the daughter of the Empress, her head would be better than others, not worse.

Shirone suddenly discovered something in common between Zion and Woorin.

They were not afraid of anything.

Zion's blatant hostility, Woorin's inappropriate friendly attitude, they were all possible because they had the huge power of Terazera on their backs.
```
[Translated block]