


```text
[715] What do you get? (4)

* * *

Maze Andre-World No. 1.

Without guessing what would happen next, Shirone said to Mitochondria Eve.

"Even if you're not the one I know, I'll never regret it. So let's do our best to live."

If the car value is over 90 percent, there is no lingering on the decision made.

"Uga. Ugagaga."

Mitochondria Eve's locked voice was translated through the Ultima system.

"I don't know. I might not be."

She was still unable to speak properly unless she desperately pulled up her brain function.

Therefore, she could not guarantee who would be the protagonist of the bottom event that would unfold in the future.

"It's okay. You'll be the queen someday."

Mitochondria Eve pulled out her body and turned her head shyly.

"Am I ugly?"

But there was no word to give her a pinch for this kind of question.

"Uh, that's..."

"I know. You came from another era. I can tell. And what I have to do in the future."

Mitochondria Eve grabbed Shirone's hand.

"I'll help you. How to get back."

I didn't know what kind of place the other world was, but it was true that it was frustrating because it was limited to get information from the primitive era.

'I'm glad. There's someone who can talk.'

As he smiled and held Mitochondria Eve's hand, a scream of humans came from outside the cave.

"Kuaaaa!"

It was the voice of those who had run away earlier.

"What?"

"Kraaaaaang!"

At the roar of the dragon, Mitochondria Eve jumped into Shirone's arms.

"They... found me."

As soon as her words ended, the dragon's face filled the entrance of the cave.

A long snout, covered with blue scales, and electricity flowed through the pumpkin-colored pupils torn vertically.

'Different from other dragons.'

It was impossible to judge whether it was ferocious or not, but there was a little more dignity in the intimidation that was different from the wild.

"You were here."

The moment the electric gaze aimed at Mitochondria Eve, Shirone suddenly realized.

'Maybe...'

This Mitochondria Eve may not have been destined to die here from the beginning.

"You are?"

The emotion disappeared from the dragon's face that found Shirone, and a lifeless feeling was strongly felt.

"Kraaaaaaaa!"

The roar shook the cave.

"Kraaang! Kraaang!"

The dragon's roar was not one, and it hit the brain like an echo without loss of sound waves.

"Keeuk!"

Shirone bit his teeth and hugged Mitochondria Eve deeper as he was hit by violence by sound.

"Come out, human from another world."

I didn't want to go out honestly.

"If you refuse, I'll shoot you a breath of lightning in the cave. You won't be able to avoid it. You don't want that, do you?"

"Let's go."

As they walked out of the cave holding each other's hands tightly, the dragon's face slowly moved aside.

'Mountain over mountain.'

I had in mind a battle at the end, but hundreds of dragons were already eroding the sky.

'No matter how hard it is.'

Even in reality, the number of dragons is known to exceed a thousand, but there are almost no cases where more than two go around.

"Obey. Our core is coming."

The dragon that pecked at lightning said so and flew up, and a huge shadow came from far away on the horizon.

"It's not a shadow."

It was covered with black scales and had a huge body that made the dragons' bodies look small.

Kuuuuuuuuung!

The ground shook with the impact of landing, and a dragon with a neck about 20 meters long raised its neck high and looked down at the distant ground.

"Human from another world..."

As soon as the voice filled with power was delivered through the Ultima system, Shirone's body trembled.
```

Possible continuation:
[Translated block]
The power of language that was different from the dragons he had met so far contained enough energy to overwhelm everything.

"I am Karatorusa, the dragon without rank. Why are you disrupting the information of the world?"

"Could it be...."

Karatorusa, the dragon without rank.

He was the king of dragons, who only existed as a legend in the world where Shirone lived.

* * *

André Labyrinth - World No. 847.

"Authority?"

Codename 97 Pannica told Shirone about the things he was curious about on the way to the temple.

"Yeah. The rank depends on how compatible you are with the authority of God, and a code is engraved on your forehead."

"Then are there duplicates? For example, if I'm number 50, there could be someone who's already number 50, right?"

"You're number 50? Hahaha!"

Pannica covered his mouth with laughter.

"Sorry. It was such a ridiculous example. Anyway, if that happens, everyone behind you will be pushed back by one rank."

"It's not like a tattoo. The code, I mean."

Pannica pointed to his prominent forehead.

"Of course. This is a mark that God himself engraves. That's why the rankers show their foreheads. It's a symbol of the ruler."

The shape of shaving the bangs along the forehead line was ridiculous, but it was a natural fashion in this city's system.

"So you can use your authority according to your rank?"

"Yeah. The higher you go, the better authority you get. Below 400,000, there's no authority at all, but once you get into the 300,000s, you get a boost of strength and you can lift heavy rocks in a flash."

It made sense that there was no overthrow of the system so far if the physical strength changed according to the rank.

"When you get into the 200,000s, you can manipulate elements. Make fire or freeze water. When you get into the 100,000s, you can use two elements at the same time."

Shirone realized why people were scared of 97 as he imagined the endless pyramid of abilities.

"Then what are rankers?"

"From first to hundredth place. They are people who use the so-called 'knowledge of God', the strongest authority. I'm one of them too."

Pannica showed him a demonstration.

"Basically, rankers can handle all abilities up to 101st place, but they have one more special one. My ability is solid object."

An apple was caught in Pannica's hand.

"It's an ability to create objects out of thoughts."

Pannica handed it over as if to taste it and Shirone bit into the apple with a suspicious look.

'It's a real apple.'

"I can make anything I want. Gems, weapons, even explosives. But they wither a bit over time. That's why I'm addicted to shopping these days."

It was natural that people were surprised when a ranker appeared on the street where the middle class lived.

'It's strange. Really strange.'

The ability called authority was different from magic, even from irregularity that Shirone knew.

There must have been plant magicians who could make apples, but only God could make everything happen by thinking.

'Is there really a God? Or maybe....'

He thought of one possibility and arrived at the temple where the upper class of the city were walking around.

"People above 500 spend their time here. Anyone can come here, but still...."

It was a place where low-ranking people might get into trouble if they hung around for no reason.

467th place, 311th place, 109th place were seen and even 37th place, a man with such a high rank that it was now shocking, was reading a newspaper leisurely.

"Hey, Pannica. Who is that? Your lover?"

A sharp-looking man with only short bangs and long sideburns walked up to him in front of the temple gate.

'9th place....'

He was ninth out of over 400,000 people.

"Codename 9 Gale. You better be careful with that guy."

Gale approached Pannica and glanced at Shirone.

"What's with this guy's head? Is he not a ranker? Where did you pick him up? I didn't know you had such a taste."
[Translated block]


```text
Gail never dreamed that a codeless person would come to the temple.

"What does it matter who I date? Get out of my way. Is Mr. Drain in the temple?"

Panica was noticeably nervous.

"What are you so busy for? You have to stamp your attendance."

Gail kissed her as he grabbed Panica's chin, and sparks flew in Sirona's eyes.

"Stop it! What are you doing now...!"

Panica pushed Sirona away with her palm, and Gail spoke without taking his lips off.

"Haha! Why, are you upset? Then take revenge. By the way, how many times are you? Are you over 100?"

Panica, who felt a moment of danger, pushed Gail's chest with her life.

"That's enough! Just do it moderately!"

"You're so cranky in front of your lover? Shall we stick together? Maybe you can take the 9th place."

The reason why friendship was possible between upper and lower ranks despite the fact that the rank was everything was because of the 'exchange and acquisition' system that could obtain the upper code.

As you climb to the top of the pyramid, the gap in skill is not great, so rankers want to avoid quarrels as a matter of course.

'But Gail can't.'

Nevertheless, the reason why Panica had no choice but to give her lips to Gail was because he was not an ordinary ranker, but a legendary ranker who ranked in the top 10.

Rankers in the top 100 can use the highest power, 'God's Knowledge', but if they go further and enter the top 10, they are given an additional power called 'God's Grace'.

'I'll definitely lose if I fight.'

No matter what, the strongest power was code, and Panica could only resent her fate that she was stamped by Gail.

"Isn't it too much to do just because you engraved one number?"

At Sirona's words, Gail looked back with a ridiculous expression.

"You... what did you just say?"

"I'm talking about the number engraved on your ugly forehead. Anyway, you're not number one, are you? Don't you think it's too much?"

"Puhahahaha!"

Gail laughed and wetted.

"Well. You lowly guys wouldn't understand. Panica is getting a huge privilege. Maybe she played with every handsome guy she met on the street. You too."

"I'm not like that!"

Panica shouted with a red face.

"Well, that's a matter of taste, but anyway, there are only 96 people above you, which is a very comfortable life. Even people in the 10,000s do whatever they want to live. You're not someone to sympathize with, being codenamed 97."

Is Panica unhappy?

If she is unhappy, how should we define the lives of 427,000 people below 97?

"I still can't tolerate it. Whether strong or weak, it's bad for humans to torment humans."

"Huh. It's really annoying to hear."

Gail, who was rubbing his forehead, approached at an incredible speed and lifted Sirona's bangs.

"What number are you pretending to be... Huh?"

Gail looked at Panica with angry eyes when he confirmed that there was no number.

"You... dare to bring a codeless person to the temple?"

"What's all this fuss about?"

All rankers stopped what they were doing and turned their heads at the voice coming from the temple.

A man with a good impression and neatly trimmed bangs came down the stairs and Panica's face turned pale.

"Mr. Drain!"

Codename No. 1 Drain.

He was the absolute one who could disobey anyone's orders in this city.

"It's been a while, Panica. Tell me what's going on."

Drain nodded his head as he looked at Sirona after hearing Panica's explanation.

"I see. A codeless person, huh? It must have been awkward. Follow me. God will decide your position."

Gail looked at Sirona and bit his lips.

"Be prepared. Once you get the code, even Mr. Drain won't be able to interfere. Then I'll step on you miserably."

As he climbed up the stairs with Sirona's arm in his arm, Panica came close and whispered.
```
[Translated block]


"Don't worry too much. Even if you get a low number, I'll be your friend. It won't be hard to get along."

"Thanks."

It didn't seem to matter much now, but in the cold world of hierarchy, her words warmed his heart.

That's a nice text. Is it from a book or a story? 📚
[Translated block]