


```text
[270] The Bloodline of Teraze (3)

Uorin looked at the wall clock and quickly put down the cat and got up from his seat.

"Huh? It's time to eat. Brother, let's go."

Zion put down his teacup and got up from his seat and leaned his face towards Shirone.

"I don't know what you came here for, but you'd better not expect too much. Unless you want to get hurt, that is."

Shirone didn't even snort.

"Let me make it clear, I don't expect anything. The only reason I came here is because I wanted to meet my biological parents."

"Ha ha! Biological parents? Yeah, that's important. But do you know that? Parents who abandoned their child once can't abandon them twice?"

Shirone didn't understand and frowned.

"What does that mean?"

"How pathetic. There is no blood or anything in front of power. You don't think your father suddenly looked for you without any reason, do you?"

Shirone also expected that there must be some reason why he looked for him after 18 years. But it was shocking to hear that from Zion.

Uorin tapped Zion's shoulder.

"Hey, stop it! Let's go quickly. You'll get scolded if you're late."

Zion gave Shirone a sneer and left the room with his sister's hand.

Zion, who left Shirone alone and left the room, finally turned around and bit his tongue.

"Tsk! What a bad luck. Especially his eyes, I don't like them. Is it because he lived so lowly? He should be trembling with fear, but where does he talk back?"

Uorin comforted Zion.

"Don't be like that. I'm happy to have a wizard brother. He can't be your rival anyway. As long as mother is there, the kingdom of Kazra is yours."

"Who doesn't know that? I don't like what he does. I don't even want to call him father. That son of Orcampf. When I become king, I'll definitely get rid of him."

Uorin pouted her lips.

It was a thought of patricide that belonged to the realm of treason in any country. Moreover, this was the royal palace. If this voice leaked out, the kingdom would be turned upside down.

But Uorin's reaction was just that.

They were the children of Teraze.

@

The food on the royal table was so grand that it wouldn't even appear in a dream where a commoner ate and died.

Shirone thought that there was no need to spend so much money on food every day, but in reality, it was a virtue of the royal family to indulge in luxury even if no one ate it.

The royal family had to be superior to the nobility in everything, even in trivial things.

As long as the nobles of the world indulge in all kinds of luxury, the royal family's excessive spending would not be corrected.

Shirone's party sat at the table. Vincent and his wife were pale, of course, and so were Reyna and Amy.

They never expected to be invited to the king's table.

Maybe it was the first time in the 100-year history of Kazra Kingdom?

That made them more anxious, and they didn't even know where the food was going.

The atmosphere at the table was cold as ice.

Orcampf was hurt by his pride in the situation that violated the law, and Shirone and Zion were also emotionally hurt by the conversation in the room before.

But Eliza was feeling pretty good. She liked the clothes she chose in the dressing room. She wore a dress with sleeves decorated with fawn fur and chose diamonds as accessories.

Eliza, who seemed to be trying to break down the food into molecules, suddenly put down her utensils and smiled brightly.

"I have to decorate Shirone's room. Brightly and splendidly. Since you have blond hair like him, I'll order a blue suit too. Oh, you'll need a carriage too. I'll be busy for a while."

Olina's face darkened. None of them were things she could do for him.

Shirone spoke as if he had made up his mind.

"I don't need those things. I'm happy enough with what my parents who raised me did for me."
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"Huhu, our son is so modest. But you have the dignity of a royal family, so you can't live like before. Let's see... Yes, gold suits you. No, sapphire?"

"Gold or jewels, those are not important. My parents here did their best for me. They gave me a love that I can't get anywhere else."

Eliza frowned. What was more important than gold and jewels? It was their duty to enjoy the most luxurious wealth in the kingdom. It was not a right, but an obligation.

She was teaching her son the royal duties before he became the first prince, but he was talking about his nanny's love. How annoying.

No, maybe Sirone was too kind-hearted. That's why he couldn't say that he would live well by himself in front of his nanny.

Eliza looked at Sirone's parents.

"Your name was Vincent?"

Vincent hastily put down his utensils.

"Ah, yes! I'm Arian Vincent!"

"I will reward you separately. You took good care of our son, so you deserve compensation. Giving you money would be too heavy, dear, how about some land in the Cosent region?"

Orkamp said with an indifferent expression.

"That sounds good."

Sirone exploded with anger. He came to the palace as they wanted. Vincent and Olina were worried that they would lose their child. The only gift they could give them in this situation was the pride of raising their child well.

He wished they would say thank you for raising him, those great people who wore the badge of royalty. But why was it so hard to say that?

"Wait a minute. Why do you keep talking like that? You raised me for 18 years. You taught me how to live instead of my biological parents, my parents."

Eliza's face turned fierce. She was sorry for abandoning Sirone, of course. But she was annoyed by his siding with those vulgar people.

"Is it because the reward is too small? Then I'll build you a small castle on the land..."

Sirone raised his voice.

"That's not what I'm talking about! Why don't you ever say thank you?"

Eliza looked stunned. She wondered if Sirone was a little crazy. Why should royalty thank commoners?

Zion said with a displeased expression.

"What are you doing so disgracefully? Do you think this is the table of the commoners you lived with?"

Sirone glared at Zion. He felt angry inside, but he had a point. If he pushed harder in front of the royals, the situation could go wrong.

Woorin quickly intervened.

"Hey, stop it. Sirone oppa is such a nice person. I think Sirone oppa values emotions more than material things. So he thinks that a reward without emotion is just an exchange of objects."

At this moment, Woorin looked like a lovely sister to Sirone. He was so grateful for her speaking on his behalf.

Woorin winked at Sirone as she met his eyes. Then she said to Vincent and his wife.

"I'm sorry for being so harsh on you. And thank you so much for raising our big brother so wonderfully."

"Ah, no. How can I..."

Vincent trembled with embarrassment. He never dreamed of being thanked by royalty in his life.

Sirone's expression softened a bit. He felt sorry for misunderstanding Woorin until now.

On the other hand, Reyna was shocked. Woorin was the princess of the Teraze family. And the emperor of the Kashan Empire had been inherited by women of the Teraze family for generations.

Zion was just a king of one country, but Woorin could become the emperor of Kashan and rule the continent if she eliminated some competitors. Therefore, regardless of Kazra's politics, Woorin had an overwhelming power in reality.
```
[Translated block]


It was a surprising event that a child with such power showed gratitude to a commoner, and from another angle, it could be seen as a sign of the tyrant's temperament.

As Reyna expected, Uorin's remark had a powerful influence. When she favored Vincent's couple, Orcamp, who had been silent until then, had no choice but to support her will.

"I guess I only thought from the royal's perspective. I'm grateful enough to you."

Vincent bowed his head again.

"Ah, no. We just did what we had to do."

Olina's eyes flashed with anger. She could tell by a woman's intuition. Uorin's words were sincere, but Orcamp was not.

Of course, she didn't give birth to Shirone in her womb. But he was her son who had taken over her heart with a love thicker than blood for 18 years.

If Shirone could be happy, she could let him go even if he said he would leave with his biological parents. But she was not happy even though the best parents in the world appeared.

"We don't need money. We just hope that Shirone will live happily."

Shirone looked at Olina with a surprised expression.

Unlike before, when she was afraid of the royal's prestige, there was a faint anger in her voice.

Eliza, who had an amazing sense of the situation, could not miss that feeling. Her face crumpled. She didn't care about Shirone, but she couldn't stand the nanny being arrogant.

But she couldn't kick them out right away because Uorin's remark still had an effect.

From Eliza's point of view, Therese was a hateful woman who stole her husband, but she was not foolish enough to act ignoring the power gap. In the end, all she could do was take a timid revenge with a condescending tone.

"Still, take it. I don't want you to change your mind later."

Olina neither agreed nor disagreed and lowered her head. But her eyes were still looking straight at Eliza.

Shirone thought that it would end up in the worst situation if it went on like this and decided to bring up the core point at this point.

"Actually, there is something I want to tell you."

Eliza also felt the need to change the atmosphere and quickly changed her emotion and smiled.

"Okay, tell me anything. Mom will listen to anything."

Olina felt even more upset. Eliza's words contained mockery that no matter how much you act like a mother, Shirone is a royal.

"I don't want to be the successor of Kazra Kingdom. I've already talked to Zion about it. So please let me go back to Tormia after staying for a while."

Everyone's movements stopped at once. Orcamp's face turned serious and Eliza opened her mouth as if she lost her mind.

"What are you talking about, Shirone? This is your home now. You don't have to go back to such a shabby place."

"I want to go back. No, at least let me graduate from the school I'm attending now."

Shirone presented the magic school card first. Honestly, he wanted to leave the palace right away, but then his family might be in danger.

"No! That's absolutely unacceptable! You are a prince who inherited the blood of the royal family! There are plenty of magic schools in Kazra! I'll introduce you to the best teacher."

"I'm going to take the graduation exam next year. It's the most important time for me right now. Please give me at least one year."

Of course, he had no intention of coming back after a year. Once he got out of here safely, he planned to graduate from magic school and run away with his parents.

Uorin helped Shirone again this time.

"I understand how Shirone feels. He must have friends at school too. Networking is also important."

"What kind of network with nobles? You should hang out with royals."

Eliza was adamantly opposed. How could she let go of her son who she found again? More than anything, it hurt her pride so much that her motherhood was pushed by those lowly ones.
[Translated block]


Orkamp opened his mouth at the end of the silence.

"Let me think about it."

"Honey!"

Eliza snapped angrily. But she quickly shut her mouth when she felt the cold chill in her husband's eyes.

Orkamp also thought it was absurd to hand over his son to a hunter. It was a disgrace to the royal family. But Therese's child was here. If he tried to stop Siron from leaving, he could arouse suspicion from Therese's clan.

Reina finally realized Siron's strategy.

The fact that Therese's clan was the most dangerous also meant that they were the most powerful. Rather than confronting them, he wanted to use their strength to achieve his goal.

'He's definitely smart.'

At first, she was worried that he was too excited, but he wasn't the kind of Siron who would jump into a hopeless fight.

He also seated his parents at the royal table, and he said he wanted to leave at this place, because he could make that decision with Therese's children participating.

In the end, Orkamp had no choice but to back off.

"Siron, everything is telling me that you are my son. Of course, I also believe that. But it's not clear yet that it's been verified."

He needed solid evidence. It wasn't something he would normally say in this situation, but Siron had expected it. He could reassure Therese's clan with his statement.

"So how about this? The verification of the first prince must follow the procedure. We'll do a paternity test. If we start tomorrow, it will take about four days for the results to come out. Let's think of a good way until then."

Siron didn't like to waste time, but it was impossible to settle things with one stroke against the royal family from the beginning.

"I understand. I'll think carefully too."

There were many dishes on the royal table, but no one remembered the menu that day.
[Translated block]