


```text
[204] 2. The Age of Turmoil (4)

Lian accepted Signa and Exd and looked at them. It was a matter of pride for a swordsman to rely on someone else's weapon, but Lian was not the one to care about such things when his friends were captured.

"Thank you. But I might handle it roughly."

"It's okay. No, it doesn't matter if it breaks. Please save my sisters."

Peope was lost in thought.

They were new people who were worried about their lives being shortened day by day.

But what about now? They each took risks to crush the misfortune of others.

Why does the law control humans?

They maintain the number of individuals, are controlled by their lifespan, and cannot even go outside of heaven. How does the increase in human numbers appear as a danger to Rae?

"Are you really going?"

Peope couldn't understand herself asking this.

Everything changed after meeting Sirone. He was chaos. He was a white lump thrown into the surface of heaven.

"You know, I have to go. Thanks for earlier. For avoiding the fight. Actually, I didn't want to fight with you either. And for lightening Kanya and Lena's sins, too, it seems like we have something in common."

Peope tried to ignore Sirone's words. She didn't want to hear that they had something in common.

How can fairies and humans communicate?

"If I come back safely, then we can be closer then."

Sirone turned his body toward the uncertain future.

Peope's small heart throbbed. Sirone's figure moving away with Norin seemed blurred as if hidden by fog.

"Then will you save me too?"

Sirone looked back at Peope. She hesitated and asked again with courage.

"Will you come and save me if I get caught? I mean... if we're friends."

Sirone said with a gentle smile.

"Of course."

Peope dropped her head. Is that obvious? Then Sirone will die.

He was walking towards death.

"Even if you go to Sector 1, you won't be able to cross the door of Jebul. I have a way to save the girls. So I'll go with you."

Sirone's eyes widened.

He said he had a way to save them. He couldn't even imagine what kind of method it was right now.

"Really? Can you really save them?"

"I can't guarantee it. But if you go by yourselves, you'll definitely die, so that's why I'm going with you."

Sirone looked at Peope with an expression of gratitude. Peope turned her head angrily as her face turned red.

"Hmph! You don't need to think weirdly. I just felt a sense of responsibility to watch this incident until the end."

Igrin calmly accepted the situation that was happening.

It was against the law for new people to help Sirone, and for Peope to be drawn to humans.

'Is this how it ends up? No, if this is also an inevitable law...'

Igrin made a decision and opened his mouth.

"Peope, come to me."

Peope's shoulders flinched. She realized that she had made a decision without the permission of her superior.

Contrary to expectations, Igrin did not get angry. Instead, he closed his eyes and transferred his memories to Peope.

New information began to take place in Peope's head.

"This is...?"

"Peope, take my memories with you. It will help you move in Jebul."

Memory transfer between fairies was common, but it had a different meaning when a higher rank transferred to a lower rank. It was like a proxy appointment letter that asked him to do his mission instead.

A senior of 72 ranks of fairies in heaven. Peope realized the sincerity of her senior and bowed her head as she recalled her appearance that was full of complaints and dissatisfaction until now.

"I'm sorry, sir. I disappointed you again this time."
```
[Translated block]


"I have never been disappointed in you. You are a fairy born in the turbulence of heaven. Everything that happens from now on will be different from the laws you know. So you have to see and judge everything for yourself."

Peope's eyes moistened with emotion. She saw Egi Rin's smile for the first time since she was born.

"You have a tendency to stumble, but you are a child who realizes it by yourself. Remember that a spiral looks at all directions and goes straight ahead. I believe in you, Peope."

Peope wiped away her tears and nodded bravely.

The fact that she was recognized by Egi Rin boosted her courage a hundredfold.

Siro Ne's party left the square with Peope.

The portal controller arrived at a building of Norin, not far from the central square.

The interior was complex like a maze, and each room had a magic circle drawn and different spirits were staying.

When they opened the iron door installed in the corner and entered, a light spirit was floating alone in the center of the dark room.

The controller approached and gently grasped the spirit. The spirit's movement stopped and his arm began to glow white.

"We can use the power of the spirit to get to Zone 1 in no time. But it takes time to gather energy. It will take about 5 minutes."

He had experienced it in hell, so he had no particular questions.

While waiting, Siro Ne looked at Peope floating at eye level. She stuck out her small butt and shook her transparent wings.

Siro Ne raised his index finger and poked her cute butt.

Peope was startled and covered her butt with both hands.

"Hey
[Translated block]
As they were talking, a bright light suddenly shone from the top of the tower. A figure in white robes appeared, hovering in the air. It was a woman with long blonde hair and blue eyes, radiating a divine aura.

"Who are you?" she asked in a clear voice that echoed through the air.

The group was stunned by her appearance. They recognized her as the former archangel Ikael, the guardian of the angels.

"Your grace, we are travelers from the lower realms. We have come to seek your help." Peope said, bowing respectfully.

"My help? What do you need from me?" Ikael asked, looking at them with curiosity.

"We need to enter the sixth heaven, your grace. We have a friend who is trapped there by the archangel Kariel. She is innocent, but he wants to use her as a sacrifice for his experiment." Siroen explained.

"A sacrifice? What kind of experiment?" Ikael frowned.

"He is trying to create a new life form by combining angelic and demonic essences. He calls it the eternal life project." Peope said.

Ikael gasped. She knew what that meant. She had seen it before, in her past life.

"That's madness! He is playing with fire! He will bring disaster upon himself and everyone else!" she exclaimed.

"Please, your grace. You are the only one who can help us. You have the authority to open the gate of the sixth heaven. Please let us in and save our friend." Siroen pleaded.

Ikael looked at them with sympathy. She could see the sincerity and desperation in their eyes. She also felt a strange connection with them, as if they were somehow related to her.

She hesitated for a moment. She knew she was breaking the rules by interfering with the affairs of another heaven. She also knew she was risking her own safety by exposing herself to Kariel's wrath.

But she also felt a sense of duty and compassion. She remembered how she had been banished from her own heaven for committing a sin that she could not recall. She remembered how Ra had spared her from falling into hell, but had also erased her memories and sent her to this lonely place.

She wondered if there was a reason for all this. Maybe she was meant to meet these people and help them. Maybe this was her chance to redeem herself and regain her lost glory.

She made up her mind.

"Very well. I will help you. But you must promise me one thing." she said.

"Anything, your grace." Siroen said eagerly.

"You must not tell anyone that I helped you. Not even Ra. This is our secret." she said.

"Of course, your grace. We swear on our souls." Peope said.

"Good. Then follow me." Ikael said, flying towards the gate of the sixth heaven.

The group followed her with gratitude and excitement. They hoped they would be able to rescue their friend and stop Kariel's evil plan.

They did not notice that someone was watching them from afar. A pair of red eyes glowed in the shadows, filled with malice and hatred.

It was Kariel, the archangel of life. He had sensed Ikael's presence and had come to investigate. He had heard everything they had said and had recognized them as his enemies.

He smiled wickedly. He had been waiting for this moment for a long time. He had been waiting for a chance to get rid of Ikael and take her place as Ra's favorite.

He decided to let them enter his heaven and then ambush them there. He would capture them all and use them as his test subjects for his experiment.

He would create his masterpiece, the eternal life form, and present it to Ra as his gift. He would prove his loyalty and genius to Ra and earn his praise and reward.

He would become the new lord of the angels, and Ikael would become his slave.

He laughed maniacally as he followed them stealthily, preparing for his trap.

The end of chapter 3.
[Translated block]