
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]


The rooster lives on.

"But they gave us a tragedy."

"Pure blood?"

"They call us bastards. They don't know love. They can't even reproduce. It's a virus."

Her sword, Dark Blade, trembled.

"If humans are food for pure blood, mixed breeds are bugs that can't even be eaten. Eventually, my parents were caught..."

Jenia ripped her clothes apart, revealing a lightning-shaped scar on her abdomen.

"I was also experimented on. Even if I inhale Blood Cue, this scar doesn't disappear. It's not my skin tissue. They messed with my stomach at will. Do you know that feeling?"

As Lian, it seemed like he knew.

"All the members of Genocide have lost their loved ones to vampires. Power lost his wife, Grain lost his daughter..."

Jenia looked back at Lian.

"What did you lose? Are you fighting to protect someone precious? Then you're making light of this world. You're also a special constitution. If you fall into their hands, you'll end up like me. You won't be able to stand it."

What Jenia couldn't trust was not Lian, but all selfish humans.

"If you can comfort yourself no matter how hard it is, you're not ready to fight. To me, all the maxims in the world, all the verses are disgusting."

It was the world of vampire hunters.

"I wanted to be strong."

Lian spoke for the first time.

"There's someone I really want to protect. But that person is much stronger than me."

Is Shiro still fighting the world?

"How can I become stronger, I think. But when such a question arises, then the question arises as to what is strong. There were many answers, but none of them resonated."

Jenia was silently listening.

"So I just decided to walk. Every step I took, I felt like I was getting one step closer, so I just walked."

That's how he defeated 10,000 demons.

"From the end of the land in the north towards home... and then I arrived here. Am I stronger now? Can I protect my precious person?"

It was a method so simple and ignorant that it was hard to believe that he was a candidate for the Great Sword.

"I don't know yet. But even now, I'm walking straight. Maybe I'll know when I get home."

"What if you still don't know what strength is?"

"I walk again." He spoke of a distant feeling too easily.

"The word 'strength', you're also a swordsman, what kind of swordsmanship you unfold, how much you increase your physical strength, even reading a book, referring to the famous swordsman's saying...

It was a fact that he had realized only by crossing the desert.

"It's not that complicated. It feels complicated because you don't understand. If I can walk the whole world, if I can break through whatever is in front of me...

Lian lifted his great sword.

"It means I can go anywhere."

Jenia, who flew back as if floating, stretched out the Dark Blade diagonally.

"There's only one place I need to go from that point."

Shirone.

"I return to my lord."

Ignoring inertia, Lian rushed to Jenia with a movement that turned his body around.

"Taha!"

While avoiding the attack and rotating, Jenia swung her sword towards Lian's back neck.

'What?'

As if the front and back of his body were reversed, Lian was already turning around and lifting his great sword up.

With a clear metallic sound, the Dark Blade soared high into the sky.

Jenia, who caught the falling Dark Blade, was dumbfoundedly looking up at the direction of the black sword reflected in the moonlight.

"It's not complicated, your situation, my situation, in fact. It becomes simple when you break through."

It becomes complicated when you don't have the courage to do so.

"I have no intention of stopping. So don't stop either."

Lian, who caught the falling Dark Blade, held out the handle of the sword with a graceful motion, turning the blade upside down.
[Translated block]


"Ah??????

"If I try to stop, then you can cut my neck with this sword."

Jenia, who had been staring at the offered handle for a long time, reclaimed the Dark Blade as if catching it.

"Hong, you're pretty good. But remember this. I don't trust humans or vampires. I only trust the people I believe in."

Because he couldn't soothe her wounds every night, Lian also felt lighter.

"Let's go. We have to sweep away the vampires." When they returned to the underground facility of the hut, the Noside party was having an early morning meal.

"Welcome back. Did the talk go well?"

When Jenia threw the Dark Blade, it stuck to the wide magnet on the wall with a thud.

"We agreed to fight together."

It was a reserved statement, but the fact that he had persuaded Jenia made Lian look different.

"Come and sit down. Eating is important if you want to fight."

The meeting proceeded with a diet of boiled meat and fresh vegetables.

"The location of the Lord is not identified even in the state of inhaling Blood Cue."

Paset said.

"To know that, we first need to capture Almas alive. But the blood bank has been closed, right?"

Lian said.

"Maybe a vampire infiltrated Wangseong. Almas can withstand sunlight. I know someone in the security department, so I'll ask and come."

He had to meet Benoff anyway.

"Will you be okay? It's already morning."

"I'm fine for a day."

Jenia yawned as she stretched.

"It won't be a day from now on. You should also get used to the time difference quickly."

For vampire hunters, morning was sleeping time.

"That's right."

When he went outside the hut, it was a morning where sunlight poured between the branches.

'Is Irene safe?'

The memory of last night was dark like a dream.

"Lord, I brought blood." A masquer of Almas rank arrived at the vampire's hideout in the underground dormitory of Rodenin.

Since Tempest, who was in charge of the blood bank, disappeared, he had to run around all night to meet the quota.

The old man, who seemed unable to age any more, turned his gaze from the chair with a grotesque bat sculpture carved into it.

Vampire Lord, Benedict.

"Kuk!"

The reason why he felt cold just by making eye contact was because he made himself.

"You're too late. He was very angry."

"I'm sorry! Because of the hunters interfering...

"I don't want to hear excuses."

When his voice echoed in the brick-made dome space, all the Almas guarding him knelt.

"It's a shame that an immortal being is swayed by humans. It can be said to be the shame of a vampire."

The masquer also had something to say.

"If the opponent is Silver Bone. And among the humans I met, there was a knight of Maha."

"Maha's knight?"

"You may not know, Lord, but it is classified as Class One among humans."

"Class One."

Vampires ruled the night of humans, but there were also unusually strong individuals among humans.

Class One was the highest in the vampire classification, and it was a level that was burdensome for one Almas.

"Please form a squad. I will take other Almas and sweep them away."

Benedict nodded his head.

"There is more important work now than that. Waking up the remaining two lords from hibernation."

It was the first time in 2,000 years that three lords appeared in the world at the same time.

"For the time being, don't worry about the hunter and focus on collecting more blood."

When the masquer was about to bow his head, a cold voice came from behind.

"If it's a knight of Maha, it's different. It's a human who even defeated my comrade, Park Nyeo."

Benedict jumped up from his seat.

"This, how to such a shabby place...

The third in the vampire's ten-row hierarchy, Faust, revealed himself with a beautiful smile.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]