


[780] Definition of Evil (2)

* * *

"If defining good and evil is human, who is good and who is evil?"

Woorin started the conversation.

"How would I know? A good of 100 says a good of 10 is bad, and an evil of 10 says an evil of 1 is bad."

It seems like the world is full of bad guys.

"It's just that they're right. The moment you realize that you can never be right, you'll lean from neutrality to good......"

Intellect.

"But that doesn't mean those who have realized it don't do bad things."

That's why human life is a tragedy when seen up close, and a comedy when seen from afar.

"Then what about the perspective of extreme evil? When you watch human life from the farthest distance......"

When viewed from the farthest distance from humans, our lives cannot find any logic or coherence.

"It's just a ridiculous comedy."

* * *

"Hahaha! It was really the best! As expected, Jethro! You deserve the title of Gustav 4th!"

Habits couldn't stop laughing.

"People are dying. But how can you laugh? Please stop being self-centered."

When Jethro turned pale, Habits' laughter stopped abruptly.

"......"

Natasha, who was in the middle, rolled her large, eyelid-less eyes and smiled.

"Hahaha! That's really funny! The best comedy! Isn't it, Natasha?"

"There's no doubt about it."

Jethro held back his laughter until the end.

'Those who try to make others laugh should not laugh themselves.'

Gustav 4th, Rosika Jethro.

He has the ability of a doctor, a master, a comedian, etc., but the reason Habits likes him is different.

"Jethro is fun."

Because he is most like himself.

"Hey, Sumodo! Come here quickly! What did Jethro do today......"

As soon as he arrived at Hwangseong, Sumodo came to meet him.

"That's not the problem right now. Are you going to hit the Cotria Republic? Balkan is bored to death right now."

Habits got off the horse.

"Still not hit? Hit it now. Balkan loves war, so he'll do it himself, right?"

"I've already put in a unit. I'm going to take a look for now. We will occupy the city of Pasipa near the border."

"Balkan sent it, so he'll win. Do it yourself. You handle the spoils yourself."

"That's the spoils. The army will take care of the women, but I'd like to bring in some and sell them to the people for money."

"Why? Are you out of money? You can steal it from another country, right?"

"Young guys have to have fun to want to go to war. If you turn slaves into livestock and distribute the money to households, you can raise taxes."

Habits gave a thumbs up.

"As expected, the king of domestic affairs. Oh, by the way, Jethro killed one person while performing. Send 10 good-looking and strong guys to the women. They'll be more useful than their husbands. Give them about 100 million gold."

"Understood."

* * *

Woorin tapped his head.

"All that's in their heads is how to have fun."

There are no feelings for others.

"Killing people, tormenting others. All can be said to be evil. But that's not the definition of evil."

What is evil?

"Ignorance."

According to Woorin's definition.

"It doesn't mean stupid or uneducated. Because they don't know what's right, they have no standard of judgment."

Therefore, ignorance is chaos.

"Of course, there's no guilt. Because they don't even know they're evil. The function of the 'Law' is excellent, but it's quite difficult to get into this gap."

Because it's outside the law.

* * *

"Are you really going to do this? If you come out like this, I might turn everything upside down."

Ardak, the deputy minister of the environment of the Gustav Empire, had a hobby of deliberately getting maids into debt and dragging them into bed.

"Are you really going to do this? If you come out like this, I might turn everything upside down."

Ardak, the deputy minister of the environment of the Gustav Empire, had a hobby of deliberately getting maids into debt and dragging them into bed.
[Translated block]


"Please stop doing this. I told you I don't like it."

But Mari was not caught.

"Why are you doing this? It's a good thing. Think about your mother at home. You can cure the disease, right?"

This is because many maids have already complained to Ardak about the hardships and humiliities they have suffered.

"I don't need that money. It's a family matter that my mother is sick. I'll earn it and do it......"

"You rude thing!"

As Ardak shouted and raised his hand, Mari shrank in fear.

"Do you think I can't handle someone like you? I'm the Deputy Minister of Environment. Do you want me to hang you in the square right now?"

Gustav's heirs were tyrants, and it was no big deal for a deputy to kill a maid.

"Please, save me."

"So borrow the money. Got it? Let's do it legally, legally. It's good for both you and me."

The guards shouted.

"Long live the Emperor!"

Ardak, who was startled, quickly retreated, and the maid next to him also bowed her head.

"That's right, you're having a hard time."

Habits, still dressed in shabby clothes, approached the deputy, scratching his crotch.

"What are you doing here? Heup."

The maid frowned for a moment, but her face turned pale when she met Habits' eyes.

"Oh... I'm sorry."

When Habits reached out, Zetaro took out a hatchet from his bag and handed it to him.

The moment the maid's heart sank, Habits slammed the hatchet into Ardak's skull.

"Implementation of justice."

"Kueeeek!"

As the axe blade was embedded in the forehead, Ardak's eyes popped out with a scream.

"Heuk! Heuk!"

The frightened maid was panting, and Natasha picked off one of the rolling eyeballs.

"......"

After rolling the eyeball with her finger for a moment, she put it in her mouth and sucked the blood.

"Eye."

When she half-stuck out the eyeball between her lips and turned her head, Habits chuckled.

"Live happily. Give her 100 million gold too."

As Habits patted the maid's shoulder and passed by, Natasha followed him and spat out the eyeball.

"Wow, it's gotten stronger."

As Natasha turned the corner with her arms raised, the maid sat down on the spot and vomited.

"Ueek! Ueeeeek!"

* * *

"Evil originates from ignorance."

The fact that the magician, who was a symbol of wisdom from generation to generation, was the extreme good of that era was not a coincidence.

"But in some cases, evil looks attractive. It seems like a good person, it seems like a bad person. Humans are animals of illusion, so once they are good, they see the bad points as good, but......"

Woorin shrugged his shoulders

"In reality, there is no such thing. Good behavior, bad behavior, they are just fragments that popped out of chaos."

Shirone asked.

"How can such a person exist?"

"If you find the cause that made the current Habits, you can also find the strategy."

Minerva said.

"Like a trauma from childhood?"

"If you analyze it with a history search, it is estimated to be almost nonexistent."

Ness asked.

"Almost nonexistent means, not completely nonexistent?"

"When Habits was three years old, when he was most interested in the human body. He stabbed a maid's eyes and blinded her."

"......"

"If the maid had pushed Habits' hand away, she would have died."

For resisting the son of the emperor.

"The maid covered her eyes and screamed. The young Habits looked around with his bloody hands. And what happened?"

Everyone was watching, and Woorin twirled his finger and said.
[Translated block]


"Everyone in that place applauded and praised Habiz with a terrified expression. That's absolute power," Shirone muttered.

"I don't know what's right."

"Yeah. It's just that you didn't have the chance to learn environmentally. But not all children of power become evil. There must be something else we don't know..."

Woorin shrugged his shoulders.

"Maybe there's no reason. No matter what education he received, Habiz might have become evil."

Gudio said,

"Little child. That's a hint."

Woorin snapped his fingers.

"That's the answer."

* * *

As soon as he entered the Grand Hall of the Imperial Palace, Balkan was waiting with a world map spread out.

With all four Gustaf gathered, Habiz stretched out on the throne.

"Askar."

Zetaro, who had quickly concocted a powerful drug, handed over a cigar, and he also lit one.

As Smodo was rolling around with any of the maids in the Grand Hall, Balkan said,

"We have occupied Pasipha. The market was captured alive, and the number of citizens who took over the new soldiers is about 70,000."

Habiz, intoxicated with drugs, shivered.

"Kill."

Zetaro, whose eyes were open, staggered over and pulled Habiz's head down to the floor.

"Hehehe, it's funny."

As Habiz stretched out and his diaphragm fluttered, Zetaro sat on the throne like an emperor and shouted,

"Kill it!"

"Live burial."

Habiz's pupils were clear for a moment.

"Dig a huge hole and bury them all. Only those who crawl out will be spared."

Smudo, who was lying down with a maid, turned his head.

"Do you know how much it costs to bury 70,000 people?"

"It's fun."

There was no disagreement with that, and Balkan stood up.

"I will instruct you to do so. It will be quite a spectacle, so let's go and see when it's ready."

Natasha said,

"Let's go! Go! I want to see!"

Habiz, who had somehow escaped from Askar's addiction, looked up at the ceiling and said,

"......I'm not going."

Smodo's action stopped.

"You're not going to see it after pouring that money?"

"It's funnier."

Zetaro tapped the armrest.

"Puhahaha! I get it! I get it!"

Balkan and Smodo blinked their eyes, and Natasha, who had no eyelids, tilted her head.

"Hehehe......"

Those who finally realized burst into laughter.

"Oh my, my stomach! It's crazy! This is totally awesome? You're not going? Really not going...... Puhahaha!"

The maids, terrified, trembled.

'Crazy guys......'

They didn't want to know what was funny, but they looked really happy, even tearing up.

"Giggle! Giggle giggle!"

Natasha ran fast through the hall and began to spin in beautiful ballet movements.

Habiz muttered,

"......This world is fun."

Playground.

Even though, if mom calls for dinner, you have to go home crying and crying.

* * *

"I don't want to admit it......"

Even if you shiver just by thinking.

"Evil is as pure as the mind of a newborn child. It's just a different direction."

There is no concept of how to act.

"The line of the maze, the love of Shirone, the sphere of Nane, the weight of Gaold. Now you know what this means."

Shirone has traveled a lot.

"Finally, you need to know Habiz's evil. So we have to accept this terrible fact."

It's the age of chaos.

"Evil is pure."

The eyes of those who accepted it shone sharply.

"And only the purity of that evil......"

Woorin nodded his head.

"Yeah. That's the only point where we can break into evil."

The way to kill Habiz was decided.

Please note that the translation might not be perfect as the context of the text is not fully clear. Let me know if you need help with anything else.
[Translated block]