


[557] The Steel Door Again (2)

Shirone has returned.

It was a fact that brought joy to some and despair to others.

Most of those who had fiercely competed in the first half had to feel the pressure of being pushed out of the system just by the sight of Shirone passing through the steel door.

"Shirone!"

Nade ran up with tears in her eyes and hugged Shirone tightly.

"What happened! Do you know how surprised we were? I really...!"

She couldn't speak because her throat was choked up.

It was Shirone who had disappeared without a trace after writing a will.

"I'm sorry. I'll tell you everything soon."

"What do you mean soon! Tell me right now! What happened?"

Iruki stopped Nade, who was holding her shoulder, from speaking.

"Calm down. Look behind you."

When Nade turned her head, she realized that everyone was staring at her blankly and coughed awkwardly and stepped back.

"Okay, let's talk about it later."

Shirone patted Nade's back lightly and moved to Colly.

On the way, he looked back at Amy and smiled faintly, but she just turned her head coldly.

'Well, I have to explain slowly.'

It was something he couldn't blame Amy for, because she must have felt betrayed even though it happened to him.

Shirone, who approached Colly, bowed his head and greeted him.

"I have arrived. I apologize for the inconvenience."

"Hmm......"

Colly doesn't know why Shirone refused the evaluation.

However, he guessed that it was not a personal matter due to the ominous atmosphere that was circulating in the school at the time and the sudden business trip of Etella and Shina.

And if he were to go a little further, it would have something to do with the Day of Judgment of the 20 people that happened when he was a young teacher.

"So, are you going to take the evaluation again from the second half?"

The competitors' eyes were focused on Shirone.

If Shirone joins the already fierce competition, it would be like another predator entering the world of the survival of the fittest.

"No. I will refuse the evaluation in the second half as well."

The atmosphere was turbulent.

It was a fortunate thing for the competitors, but it was an unexpected decision for Shirone.

Amy looked at Shirone for the first time as Nade asked.

"Shirone, are you really going to take the graduation exam like this?"

-Once you go back to magic school......

Instead of answering, Shirone recalled Miro's advice.

"Go to Teacher Colly and say you will continue to refuse the evaluation. You've already created a gap of over 100 points by going to heaven. Even if you try to catch up as much as possible in the remaining time, it's impossible to turn it around. That's the structure."

Since you have to accumulate small scores day by day except for the special skill enhancement and group evaluation, a few weeks of absence was a serious loss.

"But is it okay? If you refuse the evaluation, you can't even enter the evaluation hall."

"You have friends. Even though they are competitors, they will help you. Because factions are formed unknowingly in the graduation exam, there is no reason to give up your network."

Although it was a denial of friendship, it was lighter for Shirone to have something to give and receive.

"And most importantly, it's you. It's much more efficient not to reveal your skills than to gauge the skills of your competitors."

That point was undeniable to Shirone.

"Remember this. From now on, it's politics."

'From now on, it's politics.'

Shirone, who came out of his thoughts, spoke.

"I'm going to try it alone. After all, it's hard to catch up with the score."

Colly respected Shirone's opinion.

"I see. Then Shirone will go to the dormitory and the rest will... Huh?"

When Colly raised his eyes, the students turned their heads.

A woman with brown skin and a slender body was coming through the steel door.

While the students were staring blankly at the beautiful woman who had tied her hair back to reveal her crescent-shaped forehead, a name suddenly popped out of someone's mouth.
[Translated block]


"Maya?"

From that point on, the students began to murmur, and Shiro looked at Maya with a blank expression.

She was from a tribe of mystery, majoring in sound magic, but she was the last in her graduating class.

She was pretty at her core, but she looked completely different from before, having lost weight.

"Is that really Maya? Crybaby Maya?"

As a screamer who didn't know Maya when she wasn't fat, it was unbelievable even to see with his own eyes.

Wasn't it said that a woman's beauty is power?

She had been beaten in strategic tactics evaluation and had been close to a bad relationship in the high ground occupation, but she couldn't treat her casually as before because of her changed appearance.

"Excuse me... I'm sorry, but could you move? The way is blocked...."

Her weak personality was still evident in Maya's trembling voice.

"Huh? Oh, sorry."

As the screamer hurriedly made way, she walked over to Colly and stood next to Shiro, bowing her head.

"Teacher, I've arrived."

"That's right. You've lost a lot of weight since I last saw you."

"I don't need to increase my volume anymore."

She had sought a change in technique after hearing advice from Iruki to give up the technique of vocal music, but that wasn't the only reason.

Colly recalled the memory of Maya, who had come to find him in the pouring rain at night, crying her eyes out, saying she couldn't forget Shiro.

It was clear that she had lost even the appetite to eat because of the wound of unrequited love.

'Has her heart been sorted out?'

Colly, who had been looking at his disciple, who he had scouted himself, with pity, soon regained his composure and spoke.

"That's right, you're still refusing the evaluation, right?"

"Yes...."

"I see. Go in and rest."

Maya, who was heading to the dormitory past Colly, hesitated for a moment and then plucked up the courage to look back.

She found Shiro accurately among the gazes of many men and greeted him with a small smile instead of a long greeting.

Nade, who had come up to him before he knew it, poked Shiro's side.

"Hey, hey! She's gotten incredibly pretty, hasn't she? But she still has feelings for you, doesn't she? Damn, I'm jealous."

"What are you jealous of?"

Shiro retorted with a serious face, but Amy had already left their sight.

"We're running out of time. Let's go to the lecture room now."

With the exception of Aider in the hospital, all the graduates had arrived.

"Shiro, don't go anywhere and stick to the research meeting. I'll beat you until you cry."

"Ha ha! Got it. I'll be waiting."

Watching the graduates flocking, Shiro left the steel door and headed for the magic warehouse, Istas.

As expected, without the nagging, the dust had piled up more than before.

Familiar scenery, familiar smell.

But now he knew what Istas was.

"It feels real now that I've returned from heaven."

Although he didn't get a definite answer from Ikael, there was a result of the device.

Shiro recalled the time he had spent with Miro the day before he descended.

'The meat was really delicious.'

When he came out of the room following the delicious smell rising from the hut for the first time, Miro was grilling the meat he had bought from the village.

Whether he was trying to create a hot atmosphere, he even prepared a strong drink on one side.

"What's all this?"

"It's a party to celebrate the descent. Of course, it won't taste as good as the porridge I made."

"Oh, of course."

As soon as Shiro, who had answered immediately in case the words changed, sat at the table, Miro toasted aggressively.

"Come on! Drink, drink! We're going all the way tonight!"

One hour later.

The two, who had emptied all the bottles of alcohol, sat on the hill and looked down at the scenery of the mountain.

The whole body seemed to melt in the peace felt for the first time after the end of the hellish schedule.

"Do you regret going to heaven, Shiro?"

Knowing that he had something to say, the answer was natural even to the sudden question.
[Translated block]


"No, that can't be. I came back alive."

Miro smiled sadly.

"Didn't you want to ask Ikael something?"

When the silence lingered, Miro asked again.

"Do you think she's your mother?"

"Yes. I didn't get an answer, though."

"Then you must have a guess about your father?"

Since Shirone didn't know who Ikael had fallen in love with, Miro's question was a bit more difficult, but he felt the presence of someone deep within him.

"Why are you asking that?"

"Don't you resent it? Your biological parents abandoned you."

He thought he should answer before hearing the answer.

"My parents live in Creas. I don't have other parents."

Shirone looked up at the night sky.

"I just thought I should know. Who it is, and what the reason was."

After hearing that, Miro was lost in thought for a long time and slowly opened his mouth.

"Shirone, maybe I..."

At the heavy voice, Shirone turned his head, but Miro suddenly changed his expression and leaned on his shoulder playfully.

"Hey."

"Why, why are you doing this?"

Shirone shivered, but Miro wrapped his arm around him without hesitation.

"Just stay still. Why? Are you shy?"

"Don't change the subject. Didn't you have something to say?"

Miro, still leaning, slowly shook his head.

"It's nothing. I just thought I should say it. But if you really think of your current parents as your biological parents, it doesn't seem like something that should come out of my mouth."

Shirone, who had been staring at Miro, seemed to have reached some conclusion and turned his gaze forward again.

"Yes. I only have two parents."

There are some stories that should not be heard through others.

"Ha, anyway, it's good. Leaning on the shoulder of a young man like this. Is this why people date?"

"The president thought a lot about you, Miro."

Miro just smiled like a girl.

"We're going to be busy from now on. You and me. We have to live hard, even if it's just for the youth we've wasted for 20 years."

"Thank you. You gave me new hope."

"What's there to thank for. This is all preparation for old age. Someday, the day will come when I can see the virtue of my disciples."

Miro looked up at the full moon on the mountain.

"...Let's keep in touch."

Shirone shrugged his shoulders and laughed.

"Yes."

A faint smile appeared on Shirone's lips as he came out of his reminiscence.

'I've met a lot of good people thanks to you.'

But that was also a thing of the past.

The Istas, which had been the focus of the world, was just an ordinary research society.

'There are no more secrets. From today, it's back to training.'

As if to guard against the relief of being freed from the shackles of competition, Shirone adjusted his posture and entered the sequence.

The difficulty of going from billions to trillions and from trillions to quadrillions was like heaven and earth.

So it was impossible to predict how long it would take to reach the next stage, the realm of the sun.

'I believe in the power of the day. It's about building up day by day.'

As the sequence raced and entered the Guangchunsa mode, the incarnation of light seeped into Shirone's body.

He didn't feel any special changes, but it was a fact that he was perceiving 3 seconds in 1 second.

'In this way, the wall of time....'

At that moment, Shirone's face suddenly hardened.

'What? What is this?'

A voice he couldn't understand echoed in his ears like a hallucination.

"Who is it!"

He turned around and shouted at the feeling that something had passed behind him, but he heard a scream outside the door.

"Ahhhhhh!"

"Chase him! Don't ever let him go!"

Just by hearing the sound that made it sound like a battlefield, he could tell that something was happening in the hallway.

"What's going on?"

Shirone rushed out of the research society with an urgent look on his face.
[Translated block]


"......"

But the sight of the corridor he was looking at was just as quiet as before.

'Isn't there anyone? Then what did I hear?'

Shirone, who realized that the angel mode was released, went back into the water.

'Damn it.'

As the fire god seeped in, the sound of people running from the ceiling was heard again.

"Don't let your guard down! The opponent is the strongest Prajna!"

"Report! Team 1 is annihilated! Team 1 is annihilated!"

A thought suddenly crossed Shirone's mind as he was listening to the hallucinations with a lost expression.

"Maybe......"

There might be something left here.
[Translated block]