


[684] Offering Flowers (4)

* * *

Upon arriving at the entrance of the flower of life, Shiro-ne realized through the Ultima System that a unique signal was being tracked.

'What is it?'

It was the most intuitive of the signals encountered so far.

With information consistent enough to approach the stage just before the Ultima System, Shiro-ne shouted.

"Dodge!"

Dragon language - Thunderbolt.

As the collision of charges occurred where the party scattered, a flash erupted.

"Hiieek!"

The current spread out in a spherical shape as the charge moved along the electrolyte contained in the rain.

The wizard could escape the radius by teleporting, but Lian had no choice but to be fully struck by the lightning.

"Ouch! Ouch!"

Kido, who was hopping around and tapping the ground with his spear, slipped with his hand on the ground.

"Hey! I almost died!"

If the attack just now was magic, Shiro-ne, who is spreading the spirit zone, would not have missed it.

"Sorry, I didn't feel it. And it's not magic."

It's not a spirit zone.

Like Elysion, the boundary was faint, and if it wasn't for the Ultima System, there would have been no warning before the attack.

"Have you come, hybrids?"

Kido frowned at the figure of the giant standing in the rain and pushed up his glasses.

"Battlefield General Drakker. He's a Dragonman."

It could be assumed that the body was also covered in scales, as half of the face was covered in scales.

The pumpkin-colored eyes of the dragon, the precise occlusion of sharp teeth, and the cold body that did not frost even in the winter rain reminded us of the cold blood of the dragon race.

"We need to be a little nervous about this guy."

Kido swung his spear and took a fighting stance.

"He's the strongest in Radum."

"That's correct."

Drakker showed his displeasure.

"But it seems like my nobility is being tarnished when a goblin-like thing brings up strength."

Even facing the eyes of a predator at the top of the food chain, Kido was unshaken.

His mind, which converted the experience of predation into the overall experience, was flowing quietly like a river.

Lian stepped forward with a large straight sword on his shoulder.

"I'll handle it."

He was drawn to the name of the strongest, but the remaining three had the important role of finding La Enemy.

"Lian, that guy......"

"I know."

He didn't have a sense as sensitive as Shiro-ne, but even without that, Drakker's intimidation was terrifying.

"I can't win while protecting someone."

It meant that he could win if he didn't protect, and Drakker growled with his arms crossed.

"Do you think you're on par with me if you act like that? You guys can't move a step here."

Lian spoke bluntly.

"Go."

The three moved at the same time, but the eyes of the Dragonman accurately captured Shiro-ne, who had taken a slight lead.

'He's courting death.'

When he was about to kick the ground and go out, Drakker felt a creepy energy running down his spine.

When he quickly turned his gaze, Lian, who had definitely not moved, was already close at hand.

Acting-Denai.

"Insects!"

When Drakker raised his arm towards the large straight sword falling like lightning, a bang sound erupted.

It wasn't a sound you could hear from a creature.

'It's solid. A sloppy attack won't even scratch.'

Drakker, who blocked the power of an elephant with his arm, sneered and said.

"Just this much...... Huh?"

An enormous force began to press down from the already touching large straight sword, crushing him.

"Kueuuuuu!"

Only when he felt the seriousness did Drakker put all his strength into his arm, and the solid ground collapsed and his legs were buried.

'Impossible! How in this state?'

If the power of a human is manpower, the power of a Dragonman is dragon power.

The reason for the different names is because the unit of power exerted biologically is different in dimension.

"You arrogant bastard!"

When Drakker swung his arm with all his might, Lian lightly floated and landed on the ground.
[Translated block]


"What happened? We're already in?"

Shirone's party had safely infiltrated the bio-weapon, but Drakkar's pride would not allow him to look back.

"Kill him."

Dragon language - Dragon stone.

Drakkar, propelled by the power of the dragon language, launched a physical attack, and Lian's legs lifted.

"Ugh!"

He was pushed back a full kilometer, penetrating the building.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Just being hit in the back by wooden, stone, and iron structures was enough to make Lian lose consciousness.

'Stop!'

He applied the brake, but instead, Lian's brakes were shattered.

'Stop!'

The brake was applied continuously.

'Stop it!'

Three hundred walls were penetrated, dozens of steel frames twisted around Lian's body and broke off.

"Stop it!"

By the time he stopped in the middle of the rubble of a collapsed building, he was already more than 2 kilometers away from the bio-weapon.

"You... are you really human?"

Drakkar, who was still facing him, looked at Lian with an incredulous expression.

"I don't know. I've forgotten such things a long time ago."

'The power of a human that matches the power of a dragon....'

It is physically impossible for a human to kill a dragon, which is a disgrace.

"Do you want to become a Dragon Slayer?"

In the end, something more than physical strength.

It was no coincidence that the heroes in the legend of the Dragon Slayer all had firm beliefs.

"Sorry, but I don't deal with fakes."

Dragon's anger was in Drakkar's eyes.

"Such a lowly human!"

When Drakkar kicked the great sword with his foot, Lian was pushed at a tremendous speed and penetrated the wall of the building.

"I'll crush you!"

Drakkar, who followed him in, saw Lian, who had been waiting, swinging the great sword vertically.

'Bend!'

Lian's belief, the will of Maha, began to cut everything from the end of the world.

'What?'

An illusion created by the negation of the law.

The reason why time cannot be felt in the spectacle of the world being split is because space-time is being pushed in as a whole.

"I am a Dragon Knight!"

Dragon language - The law of heaven and earth division.

As the binary numbers 0 and 1 separated like poles, a horizon separating heaven and earth unfolded.

Lian's vertical line hit the horizon head-on.

Kwaaaaang!

Lian's law cuts through the center, and Drakkar's law pulls from both sides to separate.

Neither is absolute.

"Uaaaaaa!"

Lian and Drakkar shouted at the same time.

Peeeeeeong!

The two laws intertwined like a storm, and the 7-story building swelled like a balloon and then burst outwards.

* * *

"What's that noise?"

Kuan drew his sword and looked back at the sound.

Even in the pouring rain, he couldn't help but think it was magic when he saw the smoke rising.

"Is there still someone outside? What are they doing?"

"Go."

Aria said.

"My mission is over. You don't need to protect me anymore."

Her words were true, but since her body temperature had dropped to dangerous levels due to the rain, it was like leaving a corpse.

'I guess I have to consider rescue impossible.'

Kuan's combat power should be used for more constructive things than taking Aria out.

"It's okay. I can hold on."

Even though she was just trying to reassure him, she knew she was waiting for death.

"I'll be back soon."

Despite knowing this, Kuan turned his body.

"Aria!"

Then the sound of horse hooves hitting the rainwater was heard, and Brooks rushed in with his men.

It was a good time to leave Aria, but Kuan, who was a soldier to the bone, had doubts first.

"Why did you come in? Don't you know it's a confidential area?"

"Damn! I had no choice! Aria! Wake up!"

Brooks, who seemed unwilling to do so, slapped Aria's unconscious cheek.
[Translated block]


"Get on the carriage! We're going back!"

"Did you come all the way here to rescue a woman?"

As Brooks chose his answer, Venetia, the leader of Spectrum, got out of the carriage door.

"Please take me to La Enemy."

Kuan turned to Brooks and demanded an explanation.

"I don't know! I saved her from a cardiac arrest and she's like that! I tried to lock her up, but she said she could see La Enemy!"

He wasn't so clueless as to not know what Luphyst wanted, even though he wasn't deeply involved in this project.

"Give me Nemesis."

Kuan, who had been staring at Venetia reaching out her hand, drew his sword and hugged her waist.

"Later. For now, we infiltrate the bio."

Anyway, everything was solved with this.

"Take Aria to the doctor. She seems infected."

Before he could hear the answer, Kuan kicked the ground and flew up, paused at the threshold of the crash, and went up higher.

As everyone was making a dumbfounded expression, Brooks sighed and muttered.

"Where do they get guys like that?"

* * *

The unique fire magic of the fire tribe, the microcosm of the world.

Plants do not act on their own, but create a world where they can act in conjunction with many things.

There is still no subjectivity (Diamond Armor).

However, when assimilated into objects like bio, it can be said that there is some decision-making power (rated control).

'The main system is...'

Flarino, who feels the entire organ of the bio like a nerve, realized that Jane was successful.

'Are you going to torment us to the end?'

There were more than a few times when he wanted to wither away like other fire tribes while leading a miserable life.

'I don't want to do anything. Why do I have to decide and act? Why doesn't anyone take care of me?'

Venetia was a good person, but she abandoned the spectrum, and La Enemy, the second owner, was not appearing.

'I just want to be loved.'

He just wanted to obey someone's words, entrust his body to warm and affectionate hands.

He wanted to spread the scent of flowers all over his world.

'No one ever loved me.'

When the original fire tribe decided to advance from plants to animals, primates, did they ever imagine?

How decadent the sensory organ called the body is.

'It's your fault.'

It may have been the innocence of the fire tribe alone to expect that they would take care of it gently like a butterfly.

'Hit, torment, scream.'

The fire tribe is a failed species in terms of development.

But even Luphyst couldn't laugh at their fire god, which led to rapid evolution.

He approached with a will to live, confirming through the spirit zone that it was raining outside.

"Give me the code. The sky will resent."

While the clouds are blocking the sun, the photon collection of the bio must be delayed.

Flarino took a deep breath and composed himself.

'I have to fight.'

Fighting dynamically was against the nature of flowers, but it was inevitable to prevent the extinction of the species.

"Time is on our side. You can't beat me."

"Really?"

As Flarino, who returned with a calm expression, spread his arms, the room caused a huge tremor.

'Is the bio moving?'

No, it's growing.

'If you increase the size to increase the total amount of photosynthesis, the entire water supply is within range. I have to kill it.'

Hoping that Jane had completed her mission, Luphyst gave birth to dozens of steel storms, the rotation of the blade.

"Tear it to shreds."

The moment the blades attacked from all sides, the iron plate under Flarino's feet rose like a liquid and bounced off the steel.

"It's no use. I am a bio, and the bio is me."

The reason why Flarino, who has a desire for obedience, took charge of the Minister of the Interior was because he was the rightful person to take care of the bio.

'It's not liquefaction. It's increasing the growth rate of the light mineral to the limit to have fluidity.'

Venetia was a good person, but she abandoned the spectrum, and the second owner, La Enemy, was not appearing.

'I just want to be loved.'

He just wanted to obey someone's words, entrust his body to warm and affectionate hands.

He wanted to spread the scent of flowers all over his world.

'No one ever loved me.'

When the original fire tribe decided to advance from plants to animals, primates, did they ever imagine?

How decadent the sensory organ called the body is.

'It's your fault.'

It may have been the innocence of the fire tribe alone to expect that they would take care of it gently like a butterfly.

'Hit, torment, scream.'

The fire tribe is a failed species in terms of development.

But even Luphyst couldn't laugh at their fire god, which led to rapid evolution.

He approached with a will to live, confirming through the spirit zone that it was raining outside.

"Give me the code. The sky will resent."

While the clouds are blocking the sun, the photon collection of the bio must be delayed.

Flarino took a deep breath and composed himself.

'I have to fight.'

Fighting dynamically was against the nature of flowers, but it was inevitable to prevent the extinction of the species.

"Time is on our side. You can't beat me."

"Really?"

As Flarino, who returned with a calm expression, spread his arms, the room caused a huge tremor.

'Is the bio moving?'

No, it's growing.

'If you increase the size to increase the total amount of photosynthesis, the entire water supply is within range. I have to kill it.'

Hoping that Jane had completed her mission, Luphyst gave birth to dozens of steel storms, the rotation of the blade.

"Tear it to shreds."

The moment the blades attacked from all sides, the iron plate under Flarino's feet rose like a liquid and bounced off the steel.

"It's no use. I am a bio, and the bio is me."

The reason why Flarino, who has a desire for obedience, took charge of the Minister of the Interior was because he was the rightful person to take care of the bio.

'It's not liquefaction. It's increasing the growth rate of the light mineral to the limit to have fluidity.'
[Translated block]


"It's probably using the energy collected in the raw flowers, and it wasn't bad from the perspective of Rufist.

Flarino, who opened the iron shield to the left and right, opened his mouth with a cold look.

"It's a pity. The capital will soon be destroyed. Your people will taste the pain we have experienced."

"Do humans look so easy?"

Dozens of sharp iron pieces were forged around Rufist and were ready to pop out.

Flarino, who was staring at Rufist with a resentful look, bit his lips and spread the iron wall again.

"You should have stepped on it in primitive times."

Steel Magic - High Speed Steel Armor.

The iron pieces that popped out at a tremendous speed made a loud noise and penetrated all the iron shields."
[Translated block]