


[743] Great Purification (3)

'Really admirable obsession.'

The executives of the Shiloh Association are those who have overcome the fear of death, so there was meaning in Veron's obsession.

'But the opponent is me.'

Even though the rulers of each country are aware of the altar, they cannot act because there is no means to stop it.

'There is no way to stop Buddha.'

-Poor one.

Veron's obsession will be a stumbling block to the future that Nane is planning, but there was no resentment in his voice.

'Rather, sympathy.'

If pain arises from obsession, Veron's obsession had reached the limit of human obsession.

-I will save you from pain.

The cloud in the form of Nane clenched its fists and took a charging posture towards Veron.

"Shura, leave."

"No. I will protect the chairman."

Veron pushed his lips to the left and right with a smirk.

"Sometimes lies are clumsy."

"......"

"I can't miss this opportunity. Haven't you been waiting for today since the moment you became a human without going through reincarnation?"

Veron's chin swelled like a balloon, and his pupils popped out like a toad.

"Only the one who kills Buddha can become Buddha. Nane's righteousness is also just the righteousness of now."

When Veron's long, red tongue like blood popped out between his lips, Shura's shoulders trembled.

'The chairman is serious.'

As far as she remembered, it was a long time ago, more than 5,000 years ago, that Veron had planned something with all his might.

"I will kill Nane and become a new Buddha."

-Anyone can become a Buddha.

As the cloud of Nane, which is over 2 kilometers tall, rushed to the ground, the grass and trees shook terribly.

"Chairman!"

When Shura shouted, Veron raised his eyes of madness and raised his cane.

"This is my extreme."

When he slammed the ground with his cane, the atmosphere shook like a rubber plate, and a hole was punched in Nane's cloud.

An evacuation alarm rang in Shura's head.

'It's starting.'

Considering the scale of the battle, it was a situation where it was appropriate to get out at least 100 kilometers away, but her gaze was still fixed on the battlefield.

Since Nane is not invincible, she thought that she should watch the end of this confrontation until the end.

"Gal!"

When Veron's cane hit the ground for the second time, Nane's cloud gathered into one point in the air and exploded.

Looking up at the huge band spreading to the horizon, Veron muttered.

"......Is the real one coming?"

As the cloud disappeared and a brilliant rainbow light was born, Nane revealed himself.

Sermon-Buddha.

Shura's lips were dumbfounded.

'It seems to have come from a far away place.'

As Nane spread his arms and drew a circle with the sword of light, the brightness was so bright that even the sun could not be seen.

Sermon-Infinite.

As the light exploded in an instant, as many swords of light as sunlight were shot to the ground.

"Woah!"

Looking up at the light pouring down like a shower, Veron swung his cane at a terrifying speed.

Kururururung.

A sound like thunder erupted from the ground, and within a moment, a radius of 1 kilometer was devastated.

'Chairman?'

Thick smoke billowed out and a strong voice burst out.

"Do you claim to be a Buddha with just this much!"

When Veron swung his cane and bounced off the sword of light, the Sermon-Infinite caused a reflection.

"Huh!"

Shura closed her eyes tightly, but the light was so bright that the silhouette of the landscape was visible through her eyelids.

'Even against Buddha, it's equal. This might be......'

Since no one has yet become a god, Nane was not immortal, he just didn't know the end of his strength.

"Trapped in the thing called me alone......"

Nane smiled and spread his arms, and the gray sword vibrated above his head.

"How can you realize Mu-Ah無我?"

Sermon-Through.

A gray line was drawn from the sky, and before he knew it, the sword that had taken Veron's cane rushed into his chest.
[Translated block]


"Uh......"

Just before Beron, who spread his ten fingers wide, pierced his chest, he clasped his hands together and grabbed the blade.

"Ughhhhhhh!"

The law was concentrated between the palms of his hands, blocking the penetration of the blade, but the body was pushed back at a terrifying speed.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwa!

Even while being pushed back a full kilometer, Beron's law was being compressed even more strongly.

'I have no choice but to destroy!'

Just as he was about to crush the blade, Nane turned around with a vacant expression and formed a hand sign towards Beron again.

"Law of Installation. Giant."

As the gray sword grew endlessly, the space between Beron's palms widened, and the speed at which he was pushed back increased dramatically.

"Woahhhhhhh!"

"That is......"

A glint passed through the eyes of Shiro, who was observing the ground from the Earth Temple.

The gray sword that sprang up from somewhere in the southern hemisphere, the Iron Kingdom, was vibrating at 7.8 times the size of the planet.

'No, it's advancing.'

According to the senses of a magician, it was moving forward at a rate of 1 kilometer per second, albeit slightly.

"Amitha is amazing to withstand that."

Tae Sung asked.

"How is it? You've faced it yourself, so you know. If it were Shiro, could you stop the current law?"

"Yes."

When viewed from the scale, it was roughly similar, and that's why the universe hasn't closed yet.

"In terms of law, defense is possible."

"Hmm."

Tae Sung listened to Shiro's opinion.

"But it's getting stronger and stronger. Eventually, I will reach a level that I can't handle."

That was what Tae Sung wanted to say, but it wasn't time to spit it out yet.

Everyone has to fight together.

'Even if it's impossible......'

"Huhhhhhhh!"

From the end of the 18-kilometer scratch engraved on the planet by Nane's law, Beron grimaced brutally.

'Can't I stop it?'

Following the path he had taken, a tunnel was formed to the horizon, and the surroundings were burning with heat.

'It's coming in.'

Now, the blade, which was immeasurable in size, pierced between the palms and touched the chest, and a hot pain rushed in.

'This is my end.'

Suddenly, it came to mind.

'Why did I...... Why was I so obsessed with life?'

Guruk. Guruk.

When Beron didn't have a name yet, he was just a toad that looked like a toad.

Guruk!

He settled somewhere in the pond and hopped around, and occasionally when flies passed by, he stuck out his tongue and swallowed it.

'I want to eat. I want to reproduce.'

It wasn't a bad life to repeat the same desire every day.

'Predator! Predator! Predator! Predator!'

He realized that when the snake, the predator of the toad, swallowed Beron in one bite.

......

The snake's poison was more terrifying than the toad's, and in the suffocating stomach, he blinked in fear.

'I'm dying!'

It was the fate of a creature born to be unable to scream even in fear.

'It hurts. It's stuffy. It's melting.'

Like many toads, Beron should have been nutrients in the snake's stomach.

'Are you dying?'

It's the extinction of everything that makes me.

Kieeeee! Kieeeee!

In a situation where consciousness was lost due to paralytic poison, Beron opened his mouth wide and howled.

'I don't want to die! Like this...... Like this......!'

As the concentration of poison seeping into the mucus increased, the snake's stomach pressed harder.

Save me.

The predator is born with all the abilities to digest prey, but this time it was quite poisonous.

The snake writhed roughly to promote digestion, and perhaps it would have ended like that.

Sharp teeth pierced the snake's skin and stabbed Beron's back.

Gurururuk! Gurururuk!

The snake's stomach began to spit out Beron again, and the mucus prevented the skin from tearing from the fangs.
[Translated block]


When Beron, who had escaped outside, looked back, the snake was being torn apart by its natural enemy, the leopard.

'I survived!'

If Beron hadn't struggled, the snake wouldn't have moved, and the leopard wouldn't have found them.

'I survived! I survived!'

Beron, who ran away like crazy and hid in the depths of the lake, fell asleep as if he had fainted.

Gurgle.

And when he woke up again from sleep, there were countless stars twinkling in the sky.

Looking up at the sky, Beron was captivated by a strange feeling.

'I'm ashamed.'

The emotion that didn't go through language wrapped his whole body.

The way he writhed roughly in the snake's stomach, screaming for help.

'Why am I so embarrassed?'

The answer to the question that Beron first thought of contained a truly strange principle.

'It's meaningless.'

The way he struggled without even a reason to live was so pathetic.

'Meaning. The meaning of my life.'

The toad who realized the incarnation stared at the stars in the sky all night that day.

'Is it obsession?'

As Nane's sword continued to rush, Beron's body began to dig into the ground.

'Maybe it could be.'

The flesh of the palm was all torn off, and the blade was pierced from the collarbone to the stomach.

'But this is my immortality.'

Even if his body disappears, the meaning he left will forever support this world.

'Death is also life.'

Death also becomes life.

"I'm not ashamed!"

When Beron struggled with all his might, the law that covered the world was concentrated between his two palms.

"Cut!"

Kiiiiing!

Nane's sword twisted loudly and shattered from the end of the blade.

"Huuuuu......."

Beron, who barely held his center, squirmed his lips while looking at the scenery in front of him that reminded him of a great disaster.

"Shura, are you there?"

Shura appeared tearing through space.

"Chairman, are you okay?

"Go to Hexa. Don't make the meaning I left in this world in vain."

"I don't want to! You know how much I hate that kid! What about the Ten Towers?"

When Shura, who had let go of everything, collided with Beron's eyes, she quietly avoided her gaze.

"Why, why me......"

Beron patted Shura's shoulder.

"......live."

With that said, Shura frowned as she watched Beron fall.

"I don't know, how to live forever......"

When she turned around at the sound of footsteps, Nane was approaching calmly.

"Did you choose to leave in the end?"

Even for Beron, who couldn't go anywhere and was wandering around the sky, she had to close this world as soon as possible.

"Existence of obsession, are you also following the ancestors?"

Shura looked down at Beron's corpse.

-Go to Hexa.

Shura's eyes cooled as she recalled Beron's voice, and she turned around and knelt before Nane.

"What opinion can I dare to have against the one who overwhelmed the head of the Ten Towers."

Shura's forehead touched the ground.

"I will follow you."

When Nane, who nodded her head, turned around with her back, Shura approached from behind.

"What are you going to do?"

"Open the altar."

Although the altar where Beron's iron pole was planted was destroyed, there were still 3.599 altars left in the world.

"Preaching, opening."

A sword flew through the sky and flew to the universe, then fell down into thousands of flashes.

Taesung said.

"The Great Purification Device has been opened."
[Translated block]