


[701] Where there is a lag (3)

The faces of Lian and Kido turned pale at the decision to go to a place with 19,000 worlds.

'Surely you're not thinking of going around all of them.'

It was an unpredictable task how long it would take to search a single world.

"Hmm, good judgment."

Woorin said.

"The difficulty of conquering Andre can be said to be the worst among the three labyrinths. But if it's you…….”

Because it's Gepin's ruins, and because the hexa designed by Gepin is Shirone.

"Right. I'm going to use the Ultima system. If Gepin did it, I should be able to do it too. If there is a 1 in 3 chance that there will be a Ra enemy in any labyrinth, I will bet on Andre."

Woorin got up.

"Okay, let's leave right away. Gando, get Latusa ready."

"Understood."

When Gando left his seat, Shirone asked.

"What is Latusa?"

"Hehe, you'll know when you see it. You can't cross the desert in a carriage, can you?"

'Hmm, is it a desert-specific means of transportation?'

As soon as he guessed and followed Woorin out into the hallway, a group of people had already taken over the path.

Shirone immediately realized who they were.

"Pungjang."

The world's strongest swordsmanship group that shredded Boshun, the magic chief of Kazra, into tiny pieces like death.

It was a great sight to realize the presence of uninvited guests after hearing Gando's words, and it showed how secretly Woorin had been conducting the meeting with Shirone.

However, as much as that, Pungjang was not happy, and the anger was transferred to Shirone's party.

Lian looked at the 30 swordsmen wearing owl masks.

'Those are Pungjang.'

As befits those who cut off Kuan's Achilles gun, each of their spirits was extraordinary.

But what was really scary was the group spirit, the corner, that all of them were emitting at the same time.

'Are you trying it once?'

A normal swordsman would lose his life as soon as he was exposed to the corner, but it didn't even dent in front of the will of the divine transcendence.

'Indeed, it's not an ordinary uninvited guest.'

As Pungjang unified their thoughts, the one standing at the front of the triangular formation took off his owl mask.

When Lian confirmed the face of the Oriental woman, he was sure.

'That woman is the leader.'

She had the eyes of a ghost.

"Your Majesty, why did you bring in a foreigner without saying a word to us?"

The only one who could dare to show displeasure to the Empress of Kashan was her, but Woorin coldly replied.

"What are you talking about? Isn't it your duty to protect me? What were you doing when I was surrounded by these people?"

"…….”

No one in Pungjang moved, but the energy was different from the corner.

The illusion that the surrounding scenery is distorted like oil floating on water made Kido frown.

'She's a pervert, this woman.'

The leader of Pungjang spoke softly.

"We will not make any excuses. However, then can we correct our mistakes now?"

Lian blocked in front of Shirone at the feeling of killing, but Woorin decisively shook his head.

"No, there's no chance anymore. You're all fired."

The leader of Pungjang was difficult for Woorin.

'I don't know. What on earth are you thinking.'

Then Woorin hugged Kido's neck from behind.

"I don't need incompetent things like you. I already have such a great bodyguard."

"What?"

Shirone and Lian made a ridiculous expression, but the most absurd thing in this place was Kido.

"What nonsense? Why should I be your bodyguard?"

"I've always wanted to raise a strange pet. It seems much more comfortable than Pungjang to keep it next to me with a leash. From today, I'll raise you, so how about quitting the trip?"

"Hmph! How can a human tame me?"

"What's wrong with that? I'm making such a proposal because you're the king of goblins. You like to be raised, right? Okay. From now on, standing on two legs is prohibited."
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]
"Shirone, do you think there will ever be a day when we sleep in the same bed?"

Kido blurted out without thinking.

"What kind of nonsense is this?"

Although his words were harsh, Shirone felt the same way.

"I don't think that will happen. I have someone I love, and you are the Empress of Kasshan. The strongest in the world...."

"Right, I am a bit noble. All I want to say is, if such a thing happens, it just happens."

Woorin was always ambiguous when talking about life.

"If I kiss you now, it means I kissed you. It's a clear fact. There's no point in saying it's impossible, it can't happen."

It seemed like he knew something.

"I am biologically sixteen years old and will grow more. Maybe I'll change into a body you want to love."

He thought she was beautiful even now.

"Of course it's difficult. We sleep together? It feels strange just thinking about it. It would be more natural to imagine us fighting each other to death."

If it was the Empress of Kasshan and the Star of the Ivory Tower, it wasn't impossible.

"But anything can happen in life. Maybe someday I could be your bride, or maybe I could be your daughter."

There was a moment of silence.

"I understand what you mean. I'll keep it in mind."

Only Woorin knew why he spoke at this moment in this space.

'Don't worry, Amy.'

Satisfied with what he had left in Shirone's heart, Woorin left the corridor with a bright expression.

"Well, shall we get going?"

They went up to the spire of Aganos.

From the watchtower overlooking the capital, the beastmasters were waiting.

"Huh, what's that?"

Shirone pointed to the huge, hairless monster sitting at the end of the watchtower.

"Isn't that Kaidra?"

It was a 3-tier high-speed flying creature summoned by Zulu before, capable of flying 7,000 kilometers a day.

"Don't tell me, it's a summoning magic?"

"No, I just raised it. I ride it when I want to feel the wind."

"......"

Just by looking at the fact that he had tamed a summoning creature that could only be implemented through a superior magician, one could guess at Woorin's power.

"It's quite far to Andre. But if it's Latusa, we should be able to arrive by tomorrow afternoon."

"Wow, tomorrow afternoon?"

"She's been trained since birth to sense human feelings well. It won't be too hard."

After explaining a few things about crossing the desert, Woorin approached and Latusa rubbed her beak on his cheek.

"Jeez, I don't really like the sky."

As Kido, who was grumbling and following, approached.

"They call you Kido of Predation."

"Huh?"

"Maybe... I could give you my blood too."

It was then that Kido, who had realized something strange, blinked and fell into thought.

"Kido, what are you doing? Get on."

"Oh, okay."

As Kido got on last, Shirone grabbed Kaidra's reins and looked back at Woorin.

"Thank you. I've saved time thanks to you. I'll definitely repay you someday."

She had received so much from him, from Armand, to the repayment of the debt of the Mortarium, to today's situation.

"Be careful, Shirone. The world is wide, and the desert of Kasshan is even wider."

Shirone, who had recited Woorin's words in her mouth, nodded and pulled Kaidra's reins.
[Translated block]
"Let's go, Latosa!" 

Kaidra, with her beak thrust vertically, lifted her massive body and kicked off the watchtower to fly.

Kiaaaaaaaaaa.

The shadow trapped in the sun gradually moved away. 

This is the English translation of the Korean text you provided. Please let me know if you need help with anything else.
[Translated block]