


[432] Opportunity for Revenge (4)

Heaven's 5000th Matei.

The giant born of the sun's liquor realizes the law through a sacred ritual in Jotunheim and returns to Matei.

Their main mission was to maintain the peace of heaven and fight against external forces as 'those who keep the law'.

Cariel, who replaced Uriel, looked up at the huge castle that towered over Matei.

The giants who reached the fourth stage of the sun's liquor and had a height of 15 meters bowed their heads at the appearance of the noble archangel.

They tried their best to bend their waists, but their bodies were so huge that they couldn't even reach near Cariel's head, which was 2 meters and 30 centimeters.

Cariel snorted and passed through the main gate.

He was already in a very uncomfortable mood.

King Imir of the giants annihilated the 'part' and went into hibernation, so he had no choice but to accept it.

But at least Legion Commander Girsin should have jumped out barefoot and bowed his head.

"These are real...!"

The current situation in heaven was a mess.

Everything changed after Shirone, the light of the 73rd district, broke the sun's liquor, and the people began to doubt Anke Ra.

He wanted to fly to hell right away and punish the rebels, but he couldn't even protect his own body unless he replaced Uriel.

'Just wait. I'll finish it soon.'

If the structure of Jebul was perfect, Matei's castle was only competing with majesty.

It did not mix any colors of Mecca, Nor, or Kergo, and piled up pure natural materials with only the power of giants.

Even looking at the huge pillars that could not be transported by anyone other than giants, one could see their way of thinking.

He passed through the hall and climbed up the central staircase that was as high as a wall, and giant guards who reached the ceiling were lined up.

The force that could destroy the world in one blow.

But they never move. Until Imir's instructions come down.

"What is the great archangel doing in such a humble place?"

Perhaps he might be the smallest here, a 3-meter-tall giant approached dragging a black cloak.

He was not big, but he felt a weight that made the floor tremble every time he moved.

Girsin, a giant legion commander who reached the seventh stage of the sun's liquor.

If Imir was like a natural rock, he had an impression of a sword that had been tempered a thousand times.

"Legion Commander Girsin greets you, angel."

Girsin, who stood in front of Cariel, immediately bent one knee and bowed his head.

Even if he had a weapon that could break a mountain with one blow, he could not cross the status set by the law.

Cariel didn't like it.

Among the eight archangels, he had nothing to boast about in terms of power, so he felt like he could see through the hearts of those who worshiped the logic of power.

"Does your body bend when you reach stage 7? You only moved 100 meters while I came here."

Girsin raised one corner of his mouth.

"Giants don't have infinite spirits like angels. If I had known beforehand, I would have come out to meet you."

Girsin's response was definitely different from Imir's.

It was a waste of time to pick on what had happened if he was a giant who knew how to use his brains to some extent.

"The reason I came here myself is to give you an order."

"An order?"

"Lead the giant army and wipe out the rebels right now."

Girsin's eyebrows narrowed.

He knew from rumors that there was a conflict of opinions among angels in Jebul.

But ignoring Ra's message that forbids angel activity is tantamount to another rebellion.

"But Ra said..."

"That's why I'm looking for you. Ra's message is only valid for angels. Above all, the rebels are currently exterminating giants born of sun liquor as soon as they find them. Isn't there enough reason for the giant army to move?"

Girsin realized it, that he was in a situation where he couldn't get out or get in.

But he had no intention of moving the giant army.
[Translated block]


What they follow is only Imir.

The reason they obey Anke Ra's orders is also because Imir obeys.

"I'm sorry. I don't think I can follow your will."

Kariel's face twisted evilly.

The sound of the guards swallowing their saliva rang like a gong, but Girshin's expression was calm.

"Do you refuse? Are you serious?"

Kariel opened the 'Great Law Book', a sacred object unique to the Angel of Birth.

It was a clear threat, and it meant that he had to stake his life on the next words.

"Don't you know, Kariel? The giant army cannot without the command of King Imir...."

"Ugh! Such a lowly giant!"

Kariel closed the Great Law Book and slammed it crazily on Girshin's head.

He screamed and swung his arms, and there was no trace of angelic dignity on his face.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Even if his power was weakened, the attack of an archangel was not to be ignored.

Girshin just clenched his mouth and endured, and blood flowed down his forehead.

Yuriel, who had been watching with his arms crossed, thought of the sudden change of the angel he had known from the beginning.

'This is not like you, Kariel.'

The Archangel of Birth, Kariel. He was smashing Girshin's head with the Great Law Book.

'Do you hate humans so much? No, you must know by now. Your appearance now is like....'

Yuriel snapped out of his thoughts.

A terrifying aura rose from the guards who lined up on both sides.

The dignity of the law is low, but their pride as a race is no less than that of an angel. That's a giant.

It was natural that resentment would build up when the legion commander of such a giant was subjected to humiliating violence in front of his subordinates.

Thud.

One giant stepped forward, ready to step in, and Yuriel's glory body expanded into a halo.

Realizing that, Girshin broke his calm expression and glared at his subordinate with a scary look.

"Ugh...."

The guard, overwhelmed by the legion commander's gaze, quietly returned to his place as if he had made a mistake.

The floor cracked as the Great Law Book hit it, and the ground collapsed, but Girshin did not take any action.

'Now is not the time to step in. We can't win against Yuriel, the Angel of Destruction.'

The incarnation of destruction, who is known to be comparable to Ikael in his prime in terms of combat power among the archangels.

'We have to endure. Until our king, Imir, comes.'

Kariel stepped back with a trembling hand.

His glory body faded and he felt like his brain circuit was melting.

"Haa, haa."

Girshin did not say anything and just looked at his blood dripping on the floor.

It was a disgusting sight for Kariel, who craved creation.

"Let's go!"

As Kariel turned his body away, Yuriel finally showed some emotion and looked at the giants.

The presence of an angel set by the law made the two legs of a giant as big as a mountain tremble.

"Take care of yourself, Girshin. You are not Imir."

Yuriel's body rose beautifully with his wings of light spread out, then turned into a flash and flew out to the main gate.

* * *

Gauld's face, whose hair had turned white, was twisted like a demon.

A powerful air gun scattered buckshot and pierced through 40 Grim Reapers.

Then suddenly the ice sheet vibrated and the Grim Reaper's form burned like angry flames into smoke.

Woooooo!

The hood disappeared and a hideous skull was exposed.

The scream that seemed to make one lose one's mind just by hearing it exploded and the guide grabbed his head and fell down.

"Aaaaaah!"

He shouldn't have come here in the first place.

Black Elixir or luxurious life were nothing but delusions for those who heard this sound.

"Pl-please... stop it!"

As if signaling with the guide's scream, Gangnan kicked the ground and ran.

Her expression was still not good. She was paralyzed by thinking of the incident 10 years ago.
[Translated block]


'You idiot!'

The grim reaper, emitting a vivid purple aura, swung its scythe roughly at Kang Nan.

They were all slashes that surpassed the speed of sound.

They were also made of some 'material', but they seemed to operate on a completely different mechanism from the existing physics.

As if a ping-pong ball bounced, Kang Nan dodged the attack with agile movements and rushed to the black horse's leg with a kick.

The black horse's thick leg broke stiffly, and black smoke rose up as if it was on fire.

Kiiiiiiiiii!

The black horse's scream pierced her eardrums, but Kang Nan gritted her teeth and endured it.

She looked around for Gaold, but the world felt like it was wrapped in a black curtain because of the black horses running wild.

"I really can't live!"

Kang Nan pushed her strength and the stockings on her thighs tore with a pop, making holes in a water droplet pattern.

The moment the grim reaper's scythe stabbed down vertically, her body soared 20 meters into the air as if it escaped the gravity.

She saw Gaold buried among countless grim reapers. Every time the grim reaper's shape dispersed into smoke, a steel-colored flash flashed and scratched where Gaold was.

The magic that protected Gaold now was nothing more than an air shield that even beginners could do, but no attack could penetrate the spherical barrier he had unfolded.

"Kuuuuu!"

Gaold's face began to distort like a goblin as Kang Nan's heart sank.

"No!"

The atmospheric pressure suddenly soared around Gaold.

Sensory 100,000 times - Air Pressing.

Kugugugugugung!

The ice sheet shook as if an earthquake had occurred, and the grim reaper's dark smoke body was flattened like rubber.

"Huuuuu!"

Gaold puffed up his cheeks and exhaled heavily.

Meanwhile, the crushed grim reapers escaped from the ground as if they were digging and returned to their original state in a distant place.

If they gave them a little chance to escape, they would regenerate in an instant. That was the characteristic of Niflheim.

Kang Nan, who entered the encirclement of grim reapers, shouted angrily as she walked faster.

"Are you crazy! Do you really want to die...!"

Gaold faintly smiled at her.

She couldn't scold him in front of his face.

It was absurd that he could smile at all.

"I told you not to come. You ruined my finale."

"Don't talk nonsense. Don't you know that everything is over if you die here?"

"Don't worry. It's different from 10 years ago."

Kang Nan couldn't help but yell.

"You were in danger just now!"

Self-reinforcing mutation.

It was the name of the disease that Gaold got from 20 Judgment Days.

The functional limit of living things is usually limited by the environment.

Humans burn in fire because they were born in a place without fire, and salamanders don't burn in fire because they were born in fire.

If the environment determines the limit of living things, Gaold cut off the connection between himself and the environment through terrible asceticism.

There is no environment, so there is no limit to the mutation that occurred at the stem cell stage.

In everyday life, his nervous system was at least 1,000 times more sensitive than normal people, and his world was completely different from what all humans experience.

Literally hell.

He felt pain as if glass powder was entering his lungs just by breathing, and as if his skin would tear just by blowing wind.

But what he got in return was, an unparalleled skill and a mental power that surpassed imagination.

"You know it's very dangerous from sensory 10,000 times! Your head is bleeding right now and your memory is flying away, but if you go higher than that, you'll really die!"

"I won't die."

Gaold turned coldly and walked away.

"I'll never die from pain."

Kang Nan clenched her fists and bit her lips.

But in the end she gave up and bowed her head slowly.

She knew it actually.

She wasn't suffering from pain because she couldn't die, but she couldn't die because she was suffering from pain.
[Translated block]


I don't know why such a curse befell Gauld.

One thing was certain, he was the only one who could annihilate the 40 strongest evil spirits in an instant.

Gauld's eyes slowly returned to normal.

He regained his smile and provoked the Grim Reapers by snapping his fingers.

"Come on, you pathetic skullheads."

Woooooo!

They didn't understand human speech, but as if they received a signal, all the Grim Reapers expanded their auras.

The screams of countless souls shook the snowscape, and a purple aura swirled like a whirlwind.

The whirlwind soon turned into thousands of skulls, and they all shot at Gauld.

The sky was covered with darkness, blocking the sun, and thousands of skull bombs rained down on Gauld.

"Kuku. Kukukuku!"

Gauld clenched his teeth and lowered his posture.

His eyes, which had a wicked smile, lost their pupils.

Tongue Sense 100,000 times-Air Pressing.

Peeeeeeeeeer!

Everything poured down below, and a huge darkness was crushed with a loud noise.
[Translated block]