


[686] Incident Occurrence (1)

When you imagine what happens in a very distant universe, the definition of time becomes meaningless.

Because it's too far away.

And now, in that time zone that humanity can never reach, the most powerful explosion in the universe occurred.

Gamma-ray burst.

The explosion of a hypernova emits energy that the sun radiates over 10 billion years all at once, ejecting jets close to the speed of light.

It was indeed a powerful explosion.

Although it was only a moment, it was enough to tear apart the universe that contains space-time.

And beyond that lightless curtain, there was one pupil looking into this universe.

* * *

The downpour had weakened, but the rain was still chilling the ash-colored landscape of Radum.

In the middle of the ruins where most of the buildings had collapsed, Drakkar was staring at Lian, who had fallen with his limbs broken.

'What happened to him?'

His body buried in the rubble didn't move at all, but it was clear that he would stand up again.

-Smile. Smile.

Listening to the endlessly resonating hallucination, Lian clenched the handle of the great sword tightly.

'Am I, misunderstanding something?'

Resurrection is now familiar.

But because not everyone can do it, familiarity has turned into a huge unfamiliarity.

The body breaks and recovers.

'Hasn't it been broken or recovered from the beginning?'

As if nothing had happened when you wake up from a dream where you die a thousand times, if all these things started from just one illusion...

'Let's stop thinking.'

Lian, who had finished recovering, slammed the great sword into the ground and slowly stood up.

'The correct answer doesn't matter.'

Just do what you can do.

"I admit that your life is tough."

Drakkar narrowed the distance with a stride.

"You probably would have won. If the opponent you're fighting now wasn't me. That's your biggest failure."

If you can stand up even with broken arms and legs, any enemy will fall apart.

"The dragon race has no limit to its stamina. If you are immortal, I will destroy you endlessly here."

The dragon race is known as a life form close to inanimate.

"I don't care."

Lian aimed the great sword at Drakkar's forehead.

"Because you'll be smashed first."

It wasn't worth replying, Drakkar sprang out.

Kwakwakwakwakwang!

The collision of dragon energy and axing devastated the area, but the balance of power was slightly in favor of Drakkar.

'He's strong.'

It was Lian's honest evaluation.

'But that's it.'

Drakkar's power is based on the strength of the race, not skill or talent, effort or training.

'It's not what you gained with your power.'

That's why it's not scary.

The lion is born with the destiny of a predator, but the visible power is just a subject of adaptation.

What humans fear is not that.

"I'll surpass you!"

The great sword swung with the power of Mach distorted space, but Drakkar's dragon energy did not lose its power.

"That's why you're weak!"

The history of many races trampled by Drakkar proves that no one can beat the dragon race.

When Drakkar's fist, moving faster than air, hit the great sword, a huge bell rang.

"Kuk!"

Lian, pushed by a tremendous force, broke the wall of the building and flew in, piercing the opposite wall.

"I'll smash everything except your head."

Drakkar, who jumped over the building in one leap, looked at the ground and made a strange expression.

"What?"

Lian, who should have at least a broken arm, was taking a stance of counterattack with a clear gaze.

'Did you offset the shock?'

It was a completely new reaction that could not be learned during combat.

'No. It's too short a time for that.'
[Translated block]


The human learning ability, which takes an average of 10,000 hours to master a specific technology, is known to be neither high nor low compared to the entire species.

The only advantage is enlightenment through interpretation.

The probability of humans gaining enlightenment, big or small, from a specific event is as high as 0.000001 percent.

A figure that far exceeds the average of the entire species.

If you apply a population of over 3 billion, you will find out why the species that currently dominate the planet are humans.

'No. It's just a fluke.'

Drakker shook his head.

It's just a statistical race, and he thought it was highly unlikely that Lian would adapt to the power of the dragon through enlightenment.

"Can you stop this too!"

As Drakker launched a more fierce offensive, Lian's reaction was also becoming sharper over time.

'Is this possible?'

And finally, the attack was blocked.

"Kuuuuu!"

Seeing Lian, who had blocked the dragon's breath without taking a step back, he realized the meaninglessness of probability.

'He's not an ordinary human.'

"Do you know how many times I've died so far?"

Lian, who was holding a great sword as if to crush Drakker, spoke with a grim face.

"A thousand times."

It was creepy because it wasn't bluffing.

People who have had accidents equivalent to death live a completely different life because they have gained enlightenment from extreme experiences.

The intensity of Lian, who had experienced actual death a thousand times, to correct errors was unparalleled in both the angle and depth of direction.

"Nonsense!"

Drakker, who pushed Lian away, rushed with burning eyes and swung his fist quickly.

'Stop here.'

It's an endlessly repeated action.

"Something like a human!"

Drakker was hurt in his pride.

The fists that spread into afterimages flew in from all directions, but all the attacks were blocked by Lian's sword.

'This too, this too, this too.'

The body reacts before you think.

'That's what it was, Shiro. The one I got by dying a thousand times......'

Tears welled up at the enlightenment he felt for the first time in his life.

'You were reborn every moment.'

I see.

'My arm position, body center, rhythm of heartbeat.'

No, it feels like I'm seeing it.

'I don't have any talent, but......'

Because I have experienced all the failures that the body can commit.

At the end of the huge circle, finally returning, there was a completed self-portrait.

"Uaaaaaaaa!"

Lian let out a roar of joy.

I wandered in a dark cave for a whopping 20 years without even thinking there would be an exit.

Maybe there's no way.

It was a daunting time when I just had to run, thinking I might never be able to escape forever.

'But it was there. It was there, Shiro!'

There was an exit.

Lian, who threw himself towards the light at the end of the cave, finally felt the whole world shaking with the light of enlightenment.

"You can't beat me anyway!"

Insight transcends time, so Drakker also felt Lian's change in his skin.

The Lian of a while ago and the Lian of now were completely different people, so it was fair to say that the temperament itself was different.

"No, it's just a human after all."

Dragon language - tyranny.

Drakker, who activated the dragon language that maximizes the physical ability, pushed Lian.

It's a technique that even the powerful dragon race has to withstand the recoil, but now it's not a situation to consider other things.

'I'd rather cut my life with my own hands than die to a human!'

Dragon Slayer is the highest title a human can get, but on the contrary, it was a disgrace more terrible than death for the dragon race.

Kuuuuuuung!

When Drakker and Lian's attacks collided in the middle, the ground rippled like a wave, causing a huge circular shock wave.

Lian's face, who was hit by the power of tyranny, was bloody.

"Kuuuuuuuu!"

Even though he had gained the greatest enlightenment in his life, it was the irony of life that the opponent was stronger.
[Translated block]


In a situation where the balance of power was being maintained, Drakkar's upper body began to tilt towards Lian.

"Hehehe! You're done. Die."

"It's not over yet."

As Lian fiercely narrowed his eyes and heightened his will to transcend, Dinai's illusion became even more bizarre.

"This... this is...!"

The world unfolding over Lian's shoulder was standing up as a whole and was folding towards Drakkar.

"It's called folding."

If the original strike divided the world, the current strike had the power to divide a world that was folded in two.

As if gravity had doubled, a tremendous pressure was pressing down on Drakkar's body.

'Bend! Bend!'

From the outside of his field of vision, the world was splitting at an incredible speed and rushing in.

For the first time in his life, Drakkar felt fear.

"Kaaaaaa!"

At the same time, Lian's great sword split the landscape.

"Kuuuuu...."

Feeling a cold wind from the center of his body was a truly terrifying feeling.

As if it had been just an illusion, the landscape that Dinai had disappeared from was healed, and the only thing that had changed was Drakkar's body.

"How dare... me..."

His voice was split left and right and heard from both sides, and finally, Drakkar, who had become two, fell to the ground.

"Hooooo."

Relying on the weight of the handle of the great sword, Lian, who was catching his breath, slowly straightened his waist and turned his neck.

"Am I now the strongest in Radum?"

There was no need to assign any particular meaning.

The race of Dragon Knights was just a failed work created by the experiment of the dragon.

'I can't be a dragon slayer at this level.'

He could indirectly feel how powerful the dragon race was just by looking at Drakkar's case.

'But I don't doubt it now.'

The schema obtained after 20 years gave him the confidence that he could overcome any obstacles in the future.

"But where is Shiron?"

Lian looked up at the dust cloud rising from the center of Radum with a serious expression.

Just by the fact that dust was rising through the rain, he could guess what kind of shock had been inflicted there.

'Who did such a ridiculous thing?'

He had seen the fall of the life flower with his own eyes, but he had no time to analyze it in his head while focusing on the battle.

"Well, I had a big fight."

Thinking is annoying.

Lian was about to head to a new battlefield with his great sword on his shoulder when he heard a voice from above.

"Did you kill him?"

Kuan, who was holding Venice in his arms, was looking down at the ground from the roof of a half-collapsed building.

Lian, who had carefully examined Drakkar, reported.

"I don't know if I killed him, but I split him in two for now."

"It seems like lightning fell from the sky."

Kuan, who had been active as an investigator in Radum, knew how skilled the three ministers were.

Flarino had never come out of the life flower, but Drakkar, who had been watched through intelligence operations, was not an easy opponent.

"Puhu."

Lian, who laughed dryly, shrugged his shoulders and said.

"What's so disappointing? Could I have knocked down a dragon knight like that? It was a blow stronger than lightning."

'Why is he like that? Did he go crazy while fighting?'

Kuan tilted his head at the sight of him being more excited than usual, although he was stupid but not light.

"I opened it, the schema."

Finally understanding, he stared at Lian without even shaking his gaze.

"......"

The fact that it was not an imaginary schema like before was told by Drakkar's corpse.

"Is that so?"

Holding Venice, he jumped off the building and moved his steps to where Lian was.

From the Kaizen Swordsmanship School to the battle with Rai and the departure for the knight's journey.

Many memories passed by, but Kuan, looking back at the scene of the life flower, only said briefly.

"Let's go."

Lian, who was savoring his words, nodded his head with a satisfied smile.

It resonated more than any other word.

"Yes."
[Translated block]


"As they answered, two inspectors kicked the ground and flew up." 

Please let me know if there's anything else I can assist you with.
[Translated block]