


```text
[188] 5. Nore's Shelter (3)

Shirone's guess was accurate, and the merchant even figured out that they had not been in Purgatory for long.

"Hmm, I could haggle with you, but I don't think you can afford it. Spirits are very hard to come by in Purgatory. I'm taking them to the mainland and I'm just stopping by the shelter."

He expected that they were not cheap, but he was scared when the merchant refused to even bargain.

Could he buy it with three white elixirs? If he made a confident offer and then found out that he didn't have enough elixirs, Amy's disappointment would only grow.

He needed a criterion for judgment, so Shirone put aside the haggling and asked a question.

"I heard that you can make contracts with spirits, is that possible with this one?"

"Contract? Oh, contract. Of course it's possible. But what are you going to do with a contract with a fire spirit?"

"You can use fire magic if you make a contract with a fire spirit."

"That's true, but... usually people don't waste precious spirits on contracts. Spirits make life so much easier when they come to the village. That's why people usually collect elixirs as a village and buy them. The people on the outskirts of the community buy them with contracts as a premise because they live in such barren places and have plenty of elixirs, but aren't they the kind of people who risk their lives? I don't think you're going to live that kind of life."

"Hmm, anyway, contract is possible, right?"

When Shirone asked again, the merchant nodded his head as if he had no choice.

It was actually a common reaction on the mainland. There were many people who had no ability to pay the price and wanted to have their own voice, and some of them were infiltrators who tried to lower the value of the goods.

If the people on the outskirts of the community participated, the auction would end there, but they didn't even show interest unless it was a special spirit. Most of them were used to fighting bloody battles in a precarious atmosphere.

Amy fidgeted with her fingers. She was an expert at bargaining, but she couldn't say anything right now.

If it was a world where gold coins were used, she would have bought it even if she had to empty her savings. But this was Purgatory, where only things that were directly connected to life had value.

She didn't want to show her greed and make Shirone uncomfortable in such a situation.

Shirone already knew. For a mage, improving magic power was almost everything in life, so he wanted to buy it for her if possible.

He felt that it was time for a decision and asked again.

"Then how many elixirs do you need to buy the spirit?"

The merchant chuckled as if it was amusing. But when he saw Shirone looking at him intently and waiting for an answer, he put on a serious expression and thought.

It was an expensive price even for mainland merchants. He hesitated and continued.

"White elixir..."

Shirone and Amy's eyes filled with disappointment. The probability was very low from the fact that the unit of elixir was white.

The merchant finished his thought and raised his head and quoted a price.

"At least..."

Shirone's heart thumped. He hoped that he could buy it with the elixirs he had now, no matter what price he called.

As expected, it was such a high price that the merchant was careful. He paused and said.

"White elixir..."

"One should be enough."

"One? One?"

Shirone doubted his hearing, which had never betrayed him before.

He could buy it with one.

Amy trembled her knees anxiously as if someone would snatch it away.

Shirone thought about various things. He had thought that it would be good if he could pay the price at first, but a mage should let go of his past thoughts without regret.

But when he looked at Amy, he smiled and said. She bit her lower lip and said in a barely audible voice.

"I want it."

Amy, the only daughter of the Carmis family, grew up in such abundance that she didn't know what greed was. But she was also just a mage when it came to magic.

The merchant understood Amy's words as resignation. White elixir was something that even mainland merchants couldn't easily touch, so it was natural for them to
[Translated block]


```
He thought of his daughter's face and comforted Amy.

"White elixirs are hard to come by. Actually, this is a big discount. There will be a lot of trouble if you go to the mainland. It's dangerous too. I made this decision assuming that you can sell it at Nor's shelter and go back home. Don't be too upset. Maybe you'll get lucky and find a fire spirit someday."

"I'll live."

"Huh?"

"I said I'll live."

As Siroene rummaged through his pouch, the merchant blinked like a fool. He was sure he was being mocked, but he couldn't decide whether to get angry or laugh it off.

But when he saw three elixirs rolling in Siroene's hand, he fell off his chair in shock.

The rainbow spectrum was unmistakable. They were white elixirs.

"Here you go. Can I take it now?"

The merchant nodded without saying a word. Siroene handed him the white elixir.

At the same time, Amy hugged the spirit prison to her chest.

She felt a warm heat.

The heat of fire.

This was Amy's life.

"Hey, are you okay? Isn't it hot?"

The merchant regained his senses and asked, after confirming that the elixir was real.

Fire spirits were different from inanimate objects in that they activated, but they were still fire until they made a contract. It was normal to get burned if you grabbed a heated iron cage.

"Huh? No, it's just warm."

"That's strange. Can I take another look? I'm selling it, but I feel guilty. It might be defective."

"No, it's fine. This is really a fire spirit."

Amy looked at the fire spirit bouncing in the air with love. And she spoke to Siroene through the mental channel.

-Siroene, it's a spirit zone.

-A spirit zone?

-Yeah. This is amazing. It's real fire, but it's also connected to my mind. It says it's been feeling me all along.

A mage doesn't get burned by the fire they create. It's real fire, but the creator is the mage.

According to Amy, spirits were also beings that had a fixed spirit zone. They were some kind of mental sublimation.

"But how did you get the white elixirs?"

"They came out of a whirlwind snake."

"A whirlwind snake? Don't tell me you broke the law of the valley?"

"It just happened that way."

It wasn't strange for a powerful mage who could defeat a whirlwind snake to have white elixirs.

They weren't common, but this kind of people also existed in hell. Merchants called them borderers or outsiders of the community.

"But how do you make a contract?"

"Oh, I don't know much, but I've seen borderers do it. They hold the spirit in their hand and mutter something and it disappears."

There was no reason for spirits to activate with keywords because they had no intelligence. Then it had to be an unspoken magic.

Spit and repeat. Resonating with fire was important.

Amy opened the iron cage with the key that the merchant gave her. Then she held the spirit in both hands and recited an unspoken magic that she improvised.

"Fire spirit, dwell in me."

As the fire spirit seeped into Amy, she felt a hot energy in her stomach.

Making a contract with a spirit was similar to realizing a new battery. She could charge a new fire separately from the ignition battery.

When Amy summoned the spirit, a ball of fire rose and circled around her. She watched it happily and remembered the name of a fake flame that existed in ancient times.

Jack O Lantern.

This phenomenon, also called will-o'-the-wisp, disappeared into a page of myth without being verified despite many scholars' hypotheses.

But not anymore. Jack O Lantern existed as an ancient magic in a country called heaven.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
The fire spirit was strategically useful.

First of all, it was good that it could be activated regardless of Ignite, and it could move along the desired orbit, not to mention that it could split into multiple pieces like a phantom.

Various strategies that could be used, such as guidance, deception, and multi-fire, came to mind endlessly.

Amy realized Shiro's gaze and extinguished the spirit.

She had to say thank you, but she couldn't say it well. It seemed like it would only be awkward.

It was different from receiving an expensive gift. She wondered if what she received was Shiro's heart.

Shiro smiled. And as if she knew that she wouldn't say anything, she turned her body and walked away.

Amy began to regret it then. Why didn't she say anything? Did it mean that she knew her feelings? Or was there no special meaning to the gift from the beginning?

Shiro had a straightforward personality, but sometimes she didn't know what she was thinking.

Shiro looked around the goods carefully.

What Amy realized while watching Shiro make a contract with the fire spirit was that the idea of finding something to take back to the original world was naive.

Heaven was a dangerous place that crossed life and death, and if something was reinforced, it had to find its full power immediately. If there was such a thing, buying it regardless of how valuable it was would be a way to increase the survival rate.

Nor's shelter mainly sold necessities for the heretics who belonged to the community.

Of course, there were no merchants who had special items. They were just too expensive to put on the market.

When a man realized that Shiro had a white elixir, he quietly put an item on the tray.

Tes ran over and pointed at the item that the merchant had put up.

"Oh my! Is this what I think it is?"

A beetle-shaped mechanical device.

It was a drone made with Mecha technology.

Clover came over and explained. He realized that Shiro was a big shot and became more active.

He said that in addition to the reconnaissance function and language decoding function that he already knew, there were functions such as radio communication and map display.

"How about it? Don't you want to trade with the white elixir? You know as well as I do that drones are not something you can buy with elixirs. It's equipment for citizens only."

Shiro was also positive about this item. She had experienced the drone's reconnaissance ability through Kanya. It would be a great auxiliary equipment if Tes could use it.

Then Arin told him that he might be able to cut some off. He caught a feeling of overpricing from the merchant's eyes.

But he wondered why it was cheap.

If the fire spirit was a product, the drone was a limited product. If it was a citizen's item that leaked out, wouldn't it be worth calling?

- Arin, is there something wrong with it? Otherwise...

- I don't know either. But anyway, he called more than the price. The rest is up to you to figure out.

Tes couldn't take his eyes off the drone. He was hooked on ancient relics, so he would definitely take it whether there was a problem or not.

Shiro asked on his behalf.

"How did you get this? I know it's only given to Mecha people."

"Of course it is. But there are heretics among Mecha people too. They must have stolen it before they fled to hell. If you sell one, you won't have any trouble living. As evidence, look here. There is a band connected between the edges of the drone. This is evidence that it has never been used before. In other words, they took it straight from the factory. Maybe the original owner was someone who worked at Mecha's technical facility."

"Where is that person?"

"I don't know. He might have run away or died. He probably died. When heaven's items come out in the market, they are almost like that. They die in hell after taking out heaven's items for elixirs, leaving only items."
```
[Translated block]