


[343] The protagonist of life (3)

Kang Nan took off his glasses and stuck them in his pocket. And he raised both fists above his face like a wolf and took out his left foot and tapped the rhythm.

Shirone and his party were bewildered. Even if Ramu didn't know, he could guess that it was a fighting stance. But it was rather ridiculous in front of the huge Thousand-Handed Guanyin.

Lilia, who couldn't stand it, approached with a frown.

"Hey! What are you doing now...!"

At the same time, Kang Nan's body blurred. The dust followed like a thread at the high kick that was too fast to be seen. Her instep broke the face of Thousand-Handed Guanyin at a right angle and passed by.

The expression of Thousand-Handed Guanyin changed to a puzzled one. He rolled his eyes for a moment and then slowed down his hand movements. And finally, he was sucked into the deep sea of Okwang Parkyojin as if he had fallen asleep.

"What, what is that...?"

The shock that Shirone and his party received was beyond imagination. Even though they were trapped in Okwang Parkyojin, they were so surprised that their hearts almost popped out of their mouths when they broke their necks with a kick.

Shirone looked down at her thighs under her suit skirt. The stockings on her instep burned out when she kicked and rolled up, so her right leg was clearly exposed. The muscles were split like pieces and bulged
[Translated block]


If there was an exception, it was heaven.

There are creatures that live for hundreds of years, and even plants that live for hundreds of thousands of years, in a place where life span is determined by Anke Lae.

It was the reason why they called the incarnation technique the technology of heaven.

The period of enlightenment is known to vary depending on the creature, but on average, humans take 220 years, cats 400 years, monkeys 600 years, snakes 700 years, and foxes 1,000 years.

In the end, if Shirone had reached the state of mental transcendence, it would have meant that he had skipped about 200 years.

'It seems that there was no exaggeration in the evaluation of the association.'

Gangnan is not a leisurely person. He was also one of the factors that received absolute trust from the association.

If it wasn't for the order of his direct boss Gaold, he wouldn't have come to find a magic school student for a simple interview.

Gangnan recalled the situation at the time.

"Shirone... are you talking about Arian Shirone from Alpheus Magic School?"

"Yeah. The junior who goes to my annoying alma mater. I don't know why that school hasn't gone bankrupt yet."

Gaold grumbled, but Gangnan grasped his boss's intention and stabbed him sharply.

"You don't mean to involve him in this project, do you?"

As expected, Gaold had no answer.

"I'm against it. It's too risky. It's not a matter to decide by looking at Ataraxia alone. Do you want to make the preparations for 20 years go down the drain?"

Gaold, who had become serious, opened his heavy mouth.

"I heard he grows fast."

Gangnan snorted. As far as she knew, there was no one in the association who knew more about Shirone than her.

"Of course he's one of the promising candidates representing the kingdom. He's an Unrocker who can give mass to light. If he works hard, he'll probably get a 6th grade by the time he's twenty. Excellent managers are scarce in any organization."

Gangnan opened her eyes thinly and looked at Gaold's reaction. As expected, he kept his mouth shut as if he understood.

"Are you kidding me? He's only a 6th grade at best. Even Lomi Etella and Olipher Shiina, who teach Shirone, got certified as 6th grade when they were twenty. But they're not the youngest either. They're just geniuses who are everywhere in the kingdom. If you're not going to wait another 10 years here, it's right to give up on Shirone."

"I don't know. Youngest or whatever, I'm not a genius."

Gaold held a cigarette in his mouth and leaned his neck back on the backrest as he looked up at Gangnan.

"But I'm the best right now, aren't I?"

Gangnan couldn't deny it. As far as she knew, Gaold was not an outstanding student. But now he was rightfully the best magician in Torumia Kingdom.

"That's an exceptional case and..."

Gaold raised his hand to stop her from talking.

"Ah, forget it. Do as I say. It doesn't matter whether you become a 6th grade at 20 or 40."

"No. The reality is that many scouts measure performance over time as a measure of talent. What do you mean it doesn't matter?"

Gaold put a cigarette between his fingers and blew out a strange smoke as he pondered.

"In the end... what matters is what you do."

Gangnan tried to argue but closed her mouth. He was an insane person, but sometimes he made her speechless like this.

"Doggy. When I reached the peak of magic..."

Gaold lifted his chin arrogantly. He was actually the only one who could call the last descendant of the wolf tribe a doggy.

"Being the best doesn't mean being number one. It means being completely detached from the hierarchy of order. Of course, it's also a talent to follow the path that others have polished quickly. But look at the world. The ones we call the best are lighting fires in unknown areas that humanity can never reach even if they devote their lives. It's not about being first or second. It's something that doesn't even have a comparison target. It's a completely different problem from following an existing path quickly."
[Translated block]


```text
Kang Nan mulled over Gauld's words several times.

"Do you think Sirone can be the best?"

"I can't guarantee it. But his growth rate is so fast that it destroys common sense, and he can use Ataraxia. If these two things match the right timing, he might be able to reach it in a certain situation. Then he might be able to create one more variable at least."

It was a project that had been prepared for 20 years, but the difficulty was still challenging the impossible. In such a situation, one variable was worth getting even at the cost of some sacrifice.

But Kang Nan couldn't accept it. It was not good to have an unfounded faith in an uncertain subject in a matter of such importance that it could exchange lives with the entire humanity.

"I understand. But do you know that? The right timing, a specific situation, momentarily, at least. Most of the talk now is based on assumptions."

Gauld finally lifted his mouth as if he was relieved.

"I know. That's why I'm telling you to meet him. Check it out for yourself with your eyes. Don't you think we should use everything we can use if we can increase the success rate by 0.1 percent?"

Kang Nan came out of his memory and spoke to Sirone.

"I am Ahoya Kang Nan, the deputy director of the Magic Association."

"Ma, Magic Association Deputy Director?"

Sirone's eyes widened in surprise. The friends who were watching from behind also couldn't hide their surprised emotions. The deputy director was equivalent to the second rank of the Magic Association. It was someone who was hard to meet even if he lived as a magician for a lifetime.

Sirone quickly bowed his head.

"Oh, hello. I am......"

Kang Nan cut to the chase and spoke first.

"Sirone, it's a national emergency. There's someone who wants to meet you. Let's go to the capital with me."

Sirone had a blank expression on his face.

It was strange that he was looking for himself in such a situation, as well as the national emergency.

"Who is looking for me?"

Kang Nan said casually.

"Torumia Magic Association President, Micaea Gauld."

"What? Micaea Gauld?"

Sirone's heart beat fast. It was the name he had heard the most among the people he had never met in his life.

Not only Sirone. There was no one who didn't know Micaea Gauld among those who stepped into magic in Torumia Kingdom.

Dante asked with interest.

"Why is such a high-ranking person looking for Sirone?"

Sirone was curious too. But there was also a part that he guessed in his mind.

"Is it related to the Ice Queen?"

"That's right. The Ice Queen is a heavenly being. Do you know what it means for such a being to descend into this world?"

Sirone's eyes popped open. The first thing that came to mind when he heard that a heavenly being had descended was the final war.

"Yo, you mean?"

"That's right. A crack has occurred in the space-time of the labyrinth."

If there was a crack in the only barrier that blocked the army of heaven, Kang Nan's words of national emergency made sense.

Lilia sneaked in.

"Wait a minute. Is that space-time of the labyrinth, the barrier of law that appears in the prophecy?"

Kang Nan looked up and down Lilia and asked.

"A priestess?"

"Arcanist."

"I see."

Kang Nan nodded and continued his explanation.

"It's not a serious problem right now. It was a small crack and it is now restored. But cracks are always the beginning of collapse, so it won't get any better than now. We have to prepare for that."

"Then Mr. Miro is now......"

Kang Nan raised his hand and cut off Sirone's words.

"That's all I can tell you. Listen to the rest from my boss directly. Let's go to the capital with me."
```

I hope this helps you with your task. Do you have any other requests for me? 😊
[Translated block]