


[778] Chain Reaction (4)

* * *

Around midnight.

All areas of Aganos, the imperial city of Kashaan, were lit up and a festival was in full swing on the streets.

'Kashaan of the Night.'

The cityscape, radiating enormous energy, seemed like observing an unknown civilization hidden deep in the universe.

Shirone, flying next to Jet, asked,

"Are you going straight this time too?"

Minerva was lost in thought amidst people playing card games lined up behind Jet.

'The situation is different from South Eimond.'

There was no need to be considerate just because it was one of the five castles of the Ivory Tower, but Woorin was a special opponent.

'Mitochondrial Eve...'

Her influence, reading the world's political situation through history search, was the best among the three emperors.

She was also the leader of the Valkyrie, a unit of the Great Opposition Kingdom, and there was an atmosphere of recognizing her as an implicit leader in the Holy War.

"The army of Kashaan doesn't need to be considered. The problem is the famous Aganos Imperial Guard."

Minerva spread out three fingers.

"The principles are like this. Wonwon, who protects the building of the Empress, Jungjung, who protects the space of the Empress, and Geun-geun, who protects the life of the Empress.

"So there's Won outside the imperial city, Jung inside the imperial city, and Geun on the floor where Woorin stays."

Minerva gently bit her pipe.

"Aganos Imperial Guard - Geun-geun. Even the skills of ordinary members are said to be comparable to generals. They will attack if their territory is violated."

Even though it was a place requested by Woorin, unless there was a special order, the Imperial Guard had no choice but to draw their swords.

"Let's get off in front of the imperial city. That would be better."

"You seem to be mistaken. What I'm saying is, it's not an easy opponent, so let's smash it from the start. We're going straight to the Empress's room."

Shirone's eyes narrowed.

"Why are people so twisted?"

"I always say..."

A roar erupted from Jet's exhaust port.

"You are you, I am me!"

Minerva, who was rushing at a terrifying speed, cutting through the air, had her eyes filled with strength.

'She tricked me perfectly.'

At that time, she didn't even think it would be Teraje.

'Huh, it's quiet?'

Even though it was time for the Aganos Imperial Guard Wonwon to take action, there was no sign on the ground.

"Wait a minute!"

Shirone hurriedly followed and shouted, but the more she did, the more fire rose inside her.

'I don't know what she's thinking, but she's got the wrong person!'

As Minerva and the people playing card games floated in the air, Jet shot out like an arrow.

The wall exploded with a roar.

"Why is she really like that?"

Shirone spat out in annoyance, but it was too late to turn the situation around.

"Hmm."

Minerva, who entered the imperial city through the collapsed wall, pulled out Jet embedded in the floor.

"Nobody's here?"

Shirone, who had followed them in with the people playing card games, reached out her hand.

"Wait a minute. This is definitely not..."

Then Gando opened the door and came in.

"You're here. The Empress is waiting."

There was no word about the unauthorized intrusion and even the destruction of the imperial city's furniture.

"Where's the Imperial Guard?"

"There was a special order. It was ordered to make sure there was no inconvenience in welcoming the guest."

If it was another empire other than Kashaan, they would have thought the hospitality was excessive, but the opponent was Mitochondrial Eve.

'Is this also a design?'

As Minerva, who recalled the memories of the past, moved her steps with a renewed taste in her mouth, Gando guided them.

The place they arrived at was a room in a completely different location from where Shirone had been before.

"You're here, Shirone."

In the room where the crystal lights were twinkling, Woorin was waiting with her hands together.

"......"

Minerva opened her mouth, and the people playing card games also lost their souls.

She was wearing a light makeup, a red ribbon around her neck, and a black dress that matched her white hair.
[Translated block]


"It's beautiful."

Shirone had never known that there was something so beautiful in the world.

"Well done, Gando."

As joy spread uncontrollably in Uorin's eyes, Gando finally let out a sigh of relief.

"Now, let the Queen handle it."

The most beautiful thing in Gando's eyes is also the most beautiful thing when Shirone sees it.

On the other hand, distrust was lodged in Minerva's eyes.

"What is this? Why is it like this?"

She was confused by the very different temperament from the Teraje she knew.

"It's like..."

Isn't it the look of a woman in love?

"It's not strange that Teraje wants Shirone."

But if it was really urgent, it was a matter of forcibly extracting seeds without regard to means.

"The choice to get with love is too inefficient. No, efficiency or anything, it doesn't mean anything to Teraje."

Shirone said.

"I'm sorry for causing a fuss. I wanted to come in quietly."

"It's okay. I already knew and prepared."

When he heard that Minerva was accompanying him, Uorin thought she could ruin all the plates.

"You're Uorin. You're really beautiful today."

Uorin was dizzy enough to lose consciousness.

"What should I do? It's more serious than I thought?"

It's a crush, but it's a person who has been cherished since the primitive times.

The desire was so great that it suppressed reason, and it felt like it had become a beast, as if the body was hot.

Minerva came up with a smile.

"It's been a long time, sister."

"Ugh."

With a word that added cold water to the hot heat, Uorin's face was crumpled at once.

"Sister?"

Shirone, who was lost in thought with her head tilted, remembered the contents of Uorin's letter and realized.

'Come to think of it...'

Minerva pointed at Uorin.

"Of course it's a sister. Or should I call you a senior? Because you're the one who passed on the joy of witches to me."

Teraje lived the life of a witch before becoming the queen of Kashan, but Uorin didn't want to bring it up.

"It's part of history. But as you know, Teraje is not one person, right? You should know that the Teraje who was your senior is no longer in the world."

"It's nice, it's comfortable."

Teraje changes bodies endlessly as she goes through generations, but Minerva's body was the same as when she was a witch.

Uorin gave her a hint.

"I thought I was sorry at that time. But I didn't lead her to be a witch, and I just met her by chance..."

"Ho ho! That's right! I met you there. I remember now."

Minerva, who leaned on Shirone's shoulder and looked at Uorin, whispered in her ear.

"Do you know how great a witch Teraje was? The name was Electra, right? Right?"

"Can we talk about the old story later?"

Minerva didn't even pretend to hear.

"I learned a lot with my sister. I was surprised. Someday, with about 100 men at once..."

Minerva, who was excitedly chattering, had her pupils shaking.

"......"

Uorin, who was licking her tightly closed lips, was shedding tears with her red eyes.

A breath of life sprang from Gando's body.

'Should I kill her?'

Maybe it's time to call a windfall.

"Uorin, are you okay?"

When Shirone reached out her hand, Uorin twisted her body and ran out of the room.

Shirone, who was staring blankly at her, frowned and looked at Minerva.

"Why do you keep talking about unnecessary things? The person concerned doesn't want to hear it."

"What did I do? If the person concerned wants to talk, they can. Anyway, it's a fact, right?"

As Shirone, who also understood Minerva's feelings, she couldn't delve deeper.

Gando raised his chin and approached.

"You're prepared to open your mouth, right?"

"Why don't you see the place to get in and get in, kid? Anyway, take care of your queen. We have work to do."

"I'll go."
[Translated block]


Shirone looked back at Gando.

"Please take me to Uorin. It's my fault, so if I appease her, she'll feel better."

Gando was lost in thought.

'If you think the Queen is dirty even a little bit...'

Then he will use all the power Kashan has to erase Minerva from this world.

"Please take me."

He, who was staring at Shirone's eyes, turned his body.

'He's not that kind of person.'

He realized it when he first met at the Thormia Magic Association.

"Follow me. She should be in the annex."

Arriving at Uorin's room with Gando's guidance, Shirone slowly knocked on the door.

"Uorin, are you in there?"

There was no answer.

"I'm going in for a moment."

Shirone, who was conscious of Gando, quickly closed the door and went in, blinking her eyes while holding the doorknob.

Uorin, who was sitting on the bed with her legs crossed, was smiling and gesturing.

"Ah......"

When Shirone hurriedly closed the door and entered, Uorin got up from the bed.

"Good to see you. Sit here."

"Are you feeling a little better?"

"Not at all. I really hate that woman. But I can't understand it either."

Uorin offered a drink.

"Drink. I didn't put any sleeping pills in it, so don't worry."

Finally, she was relieved.

"Actually, I wasn't calm either. I was too emotional thinking about meeting you. Thanks to Minerva, I cooled down."

"Then why did you leave crying?"

"I wanted to talk about something alone."

When Shirone put down her glass and waited, Uorin avoided her gaze and said,

"Shall we share love here now?"

"Uorin, that's......"

"I know. There's someone else in your heart. And you think that heart will never change, right?"

Shirone nodded honestly.

"I have a big responsibility called Kashan. So let's share love here. You can end everything with that."

"I can't do that. That's......"

It would be a betrayal to Amy.

"It's for you."

Uorin looked into Shirone's eyes.

"I can't tell you, but I know a way that you have to love me. And if I use this method, you have to be my man, whether you like it or not."

She thought there was no case of her heart being stolen.

"I'm worried about Gando. But I'm not worried. I've been preparing for a long time, and the way to win your heart is already perfectly set up in my head."

Because she is the designer of history, Mitochondrial Eve, she couldn't dismiss it as bluff.

"Eventually, I will have you. Regardless of your sadness. Rather, I want that. So this is the last favor my feelings give. If you love me for just one day, I'll let you go."

When Shirone was silent, Uorin added,

"I'm telling you clearly, there's no second time. It's your last chance to love Amy."

The last chance.

'Will I choose Uorin?'

Although she couldn't even guess why that would happen, she wouldn't tell her anyway.

"Nothing will change."

Shirone was firm.

"I don't want to hurt Amy. If I really love you, it doesn't matter, but other than that, I will never change my mind."

"……I see."

Uorin closed her eyes.

'So this is how it turns out.'

Even if the bottom line of the grand unification theory is useless, the perspective of Mitochondrial Eve differs from that of humans.

If all the events that have happened so far are integrated, it is vaguely predictable what will happen in the future.

Above all, Uorin was a human who had the most powerful function of future vision among the Terajes.

"Okay, Shirone."

Uorin smiled.

"Let's go. It's time to work now."

In the end, because Shirone would be in her arms, Uorin was able to let him go with a smile.
[Translated block]