


[207] 3. The Eternal Ra (4)

Ymir knew that his time was up.

His eyes, slowly turning his body, were filled with indescribable resentment and rage.

If Ra said so, then so be it.

But his intuition was telling him a different story. No, he realized the truth that Ra was hiding.

'I have to see it with my own eyes.'

Ymir headed for Jebul, the city of angels.

@

Shirone entered Ikael's room and looked around.

It was different from what he had imagined. The room was no different from a human's place, with a table and chairs, a bed and a rug.

Yet he did not think of it as human's things.

Everything was touched by sunlight. It was as if they were isolated from the flow of time, without a single flaw.

It was a strange feeling to see such perfect things.

It was too subtle for human eyes to confirm.

But anyone who was here would feel the near-obsessive purity.

Shirone picked up a teaspoon on the table and reflected his face on it.

As expected, it was too clean to be a human's product. He wondered if this was what they called a holy relic in the human world.

'Wait a minute? Come to think of it......'

The most important Ikael was nowhere to be seen. Peope said that she could not go outside.

Did she trick him?

Shirone ran around the room in panic. There was no one. Everything was clean. It was perfection close to horror.

Suddenly, a beautiful melody rang in his ears. Shirone stopped and looked at the window that was five meters high.

A clear sound like a harp was starting from there.

He approached the window as if he was bewitched.

The sunlight coming in from the window began to hit the shape. When he came to his senses, there was a woman sitting on the windowsill, looking outside.

It was a beautiful face that no painter could draw.

Shirone confirmed that there was a halo floating above her head. It was much brighter and warmer than the fallen angel Ikael's.

Her appearance revealed her wings of light. The huge wings of light spread out and gave Shirone pleasure.

"Welcome, Shirone."

Shirone was sure.

She was none other than Archangel Ikael.

The first entity of causality. Among them, the symbol of nobility that God cherished the most. Such a being was in front of him.

Ikael landed softly on the floor.&nbsp;

Her height of over two meters was oppressive, but it did not hide her warm feeling.

It was an indescribable feeling. It seemed like an insult to call her beautiful.

Was this what it looked like when goodness took shape? If he had realized the truth in the space-time of the maze, Ikael was goodness.

Ikael made a playful expression that did not suit her mature appearance and looked for a place to sit.

But she seemed to find nowhere comfortable, so she just sat down on the spot.&nbsp;

Shirone looked at her skirt width slowly settling down with astonishment. Then she tapped the floor and called Shirone.

"Come on, come over here."

Shirone felt an irresistible temptation and stuck close to her.

They were close enough for their flesh to touch each other.

Maybe she wanted to see him up close, so she invited him to the floor.

As expected, Ikael leaned her face forward
[Translated block]


```
"It doesn't matter what you know and what you don't know. What matters is how much you know. But as you know, that's not something you can explain with words, right?"

Shirone gathered her courage and touched her face. As they gazed into each other's eyes, they felt a sense of oneness that electrified their bodies.

She then lifted her head and looked at the halo. It was the first time she saw it so close.

It was a truly amazing sight to see a light floating above her head.

She lost herself in the sight for too long, and Shirone quickly came to her senses.

"Oh, I'm sorry."

Ikael shook his head as if it was okay.

"The halo is the angel's mind. Humans enter the spirit realm through concentration, but the angel's realm is outside. This is called the over spirit."

Shirone saw the halo differently after hearing the explanation. It was like maintaining a four-dimensional form at all times.

It was literally the angel's mind.

It was everything about her.

Maybe she was a little embarrassed, Ikael added.

"It used to be brighter than it is now. But because I committed a sin, Ra controlled the power of light."

"What sin did you commit?"

Shirone asked the question and immediately apologized.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked..."

"It's okay. Even though I did something wrong, I don't regret it now."

Shirone found herself feeling relieved. She didn't know what he had done wrong, but if he didn't regret it, it wasn't a shameful act, was it?

"Um..."

Shirone hesitated.

She knew it was an absurd request. But once her thoughts went that way, she couldn't give up.

"Tell me. You can say anything."

"Just once..."

"Yes?"

"Can I touch it once?"

Ikael blinked and then burst into laughter as if he understood.

It was an unexpected request.

There would be no one in heaven who would want to touch the halo of Archangel Ikael.

"Sure. Go ahead and touch it."

"Are you sure? Is it rude? What if..."

Ikael shook his head as if it didn't matter.

Shirone finally relaxed and reached out her hand.

The halo she touched was light and energy. A pleasant sensation flowed down her hand.

"It's warm."

"That's because you're a warm person."

"Hehe."

It was the first comfort she enjoyed in heaven. She felt like she didn't have to worry about anything in the world with her.

She wanted to be with her forever.

At that moment, Ikael's hand came closer. Shirone flinched and backed away, and he couldn't hide his embarrassed expression and made an excuse.

"Oh... Your hair is messy."

"Haha, we ran hard. Actually, there were a lot of things going on."

Shirone shook her head nervously. She was startled because their bodies were about to touch without being ready.

At that moment, Shirone's eyes widened. It felt like she had been hit on the head with a hammer.

How could this happen without going crazy?

She had forgotten the most important thing.

"Oops! Amy!"

Shirone jumped up.

She finally remembered her friends. That's how impressive her meeting with Ikael was.

"Help me! My friends were taken away! They said they were going to make Nephilim with some kind of life elixir or something."

"Oh no. That's terrible."

"They treat them like heretics or something, but they're not bad kids at all. No, even if they are, I can't accept them being taken away like this."

Ikael thought for a moment.

"Shirone, do you love your friends? Enough to risk your life?"

"Yes! Of course!"

Ikael nodded as if that was enough.

"Okay. But Shirone, if you want to save your friends, there's something you have to listen to."
```

How did I do? Did I translate everything correctly?
[Translated block]


```text
There didn't seem to be anything he needed to hear in this situation.

But it was the words of Archangel Ikael, so it was hard to refuse. Above all, the words 'if you want to rescue your friends' were decisive.

"What do I need to hear? What is it?"

"About heaven. And about a woman named Miro."

Shirone was surprised. He didn't expect her name to come out of Ikael's mouth.

Adrias Miro.

When he first came to heaven, he thought she was just one of many Unrockers.

But the more he learned about her, the more he realized that she had a deep connection with heaven.

He wanted to know, what kind of person she was.

"Do you know Miro?"

"Yes. I've met her. I like her. Of course, she probably hates me."

Shirone was shocked. Ikael and Miro had met. Especially, he couldn't accept that Miro hated Ikael. He was a good angel as far as he had experienced.

"It won't take long. So can you let me comb Shirone's hair for a moment?"

Ikael's glory body spread out in the shape of a ring.

As the intense light rotated along the ring, a comb made of light was born in her hand.

Photon sculpting.

And that too, making a delicate tool like light in an instant.

The nature of light does not change no matter how powerful the angel's mental power is.

It was a tool that could only be made through a complex battery that could not be compared to Shining Chain.

Shirone realized that all the answers were in the glory body.

It was also the moment when the glory body spread out in the shape of a ring when he felt an inaccessible energy from Ikael.

"How did you sculpt photons? Is it related to the change in your glory body?"

"The light wheel can process a lot of information quickly. It's called Halo. It's like the magic circles that humans use. The light wheel assembles countless concepts at the speed of light."

Ikael gave an example of a magic circle, but when he actually heard and saw it, it was rude to even compare it.

It was literally a method of assembling concepts at the speed of light.

Even if dozens of magicians rushed in, they couldn't catch up with one halo.

"Then let's start. Lie down here, Shirone."

Ikael pointed to her lap. She seemed unable to bear wanting to comb his hair.

Shirone thought there must be some meaning to this and lay down as she told him.

Where else would there be such a favor?

Lying on the archangel's lap and looking up at the sky, Ikael swept his hair with a comb.

'Huh?'

Shirone felt his consciousness become hazy.

As the combing continued, he felt his consciousness being pulled out in chunks. He didn't want to faint. His friends were captured. If he lost track of time, it would be over.

'No. No...'

Shirone's eyes closed slowly.

Ikael looked at Shirone's face, who fell asleep, and raised his head with sad eyes.

Many thoughts passed through his head. And they seeped into Shirone's mind through the comb.

As if reading a fairy tale book to a child, Ikael began to tell a story in a beautiful voice.

"A long time ago..."

4. The Truth of Heaven (1)

The Great World War in Jebul was Kariel's laboratory and observatory that oversees the operation of the world.

Because it erased space with a special function of the Mecha System, there was no trace or access as long as the security system was activated.

It was a vast space that could hold Alpheus Magic School as befitting a place with a front hall attached.

The overall color scheme was mechanical blue, and tens of thousands of electrical signals twinkled on the hemispherical ceiling.

In the northwest space, holograms of globular clusters where stars gathered were slowly expanding.

In the center was a huge steel sphere with a diameter of over 30 meters, with two belts rotating along orbital and rotational orbits.
```
[Translated block]
Amy and her friends were sitting side by side near the Gwangseong Fortress, their wrists bound with steel handcuffs.

Ikasa, who had kidnapped the girls, had hoped to be reinstated as an angel, but he only returned to the second heaven in silence under Kariel's gaze.

The only time Amy and her friends had enjoyed since they arrived here was then.

Conversely, it meant that everything else was not good.

They had never expected that a writer of the archangel level would even put handcuffs on them.
[Translated block]