


```text
[252] Another Sky (2)

Mark was making a fuss, looking back and forth between Shirone and Iruki.

"Shirone senior is at an advantage, right? Right?"

"It's a close situation. If time goes on like this, Pascal will be overloaded. If we can get there, the game will be back to zero. Dante also lost his strongest weapon."

Mark was so happy that he felt like crying.

Until a little while ago, he thought Shirone's defeat was a foregone conclusion. He even thought it was amazing that she fought on par with Dante, the kingdom's top prospect.

But Shirone turned the tide as if to show off.

"It's Shirone senior after all. She surpassed Dante senior in information processing ability, right?"

Iruki had no answer.

When Mark turned his head with a puzzled expression, all the seniors sitting in a row were watching the duel with serious eyes.

Iruki kept scratching his chin.

Shirone had figured out Dante's system, but he had no idea how it was possible.

If Dante's automaton was so easily analyzed, Shirone wouldn't have struggled from the start.

Amy gave up thinking and asked.

"How did she analyze the pattern? Honestly, I don't even know how Dante's automaton works. I don't even have a clue. Nade, how about you?"

"Same here. It's not complicated, it's just too big. You can't imagine the shape of an elephant by looking at its leg."

Amy thought Nade's analogy was perfect.

"That's exactly it. It's not a system made to deal with Shirone alone. It has a huge range of variation depending on the opponent, but how can Shirone read the whole thing?"

Iruki suggested one hypothesis.

"It might not be mathematical."

Mark tilted his head.

"Not mathematical? Then what is it?"

Iruki frowned and chose an appropriate word.

"Sense... should I say?

"Sense, sense? Do you mean something like intuition?"

Mark was absurd. Dante's system was the culmination of cutting-edge information magic. If he could understand such a system with sense, why would he need to live so hard?

But Iruki was serious. No matter how he thought about it, that was the closest to the right answer, and it wasn't something easy to do like Mark thought.

"Sense is not something like superstition. Rather, it's an evolved form of inductive logic."

There is no need to count how many eyes everyone in the world has to prove that humans have two eyes.

Most people are confident that humans have two eyes because their family and friends don't have three eyes.

Amy said.

"Shirone's insight is transcendent. She can understand the whole thing with a small amount of data. But there is a limit to that too. A certain amount of information has to be collected to make it possible."

Iruki said.

"But there are exceptions. I mean, the quality of data. You can't imagine an elephant by looking at its leg, but if you collect the skeleton of an elephant, you can guess its rough shape."

Nade also agreed with Iruki's words.

"It seems that some special information that can only be confirmed by infiltrating Dante's system at the risk of one's life has been collected by Shirone. She analyzed the whole system based on that information."

Mark recalled what Alpheus principal teacher used to say habitually. Insight is faster than effort and more accurate than knowledge. If Dante had the ability to read channels, Shirone had the insight that penetrated everything.

Shirone's bracelet lit up every time she moved. It had a safety device, but if she kept wearing it, she would get burned by 1 degree.

Dante was astonished to see Shirone survive for more than five minutes in Pascal's system.

It was an automaton that crushed anyone with firepower within five seconds once they were caught.

It was a hellish place implemented as a system.

In such a situation, she was wandering around like her own playground.
```

How is it? Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]


```
'Why? Why don't you waver?'

Insight is the ultimate of inductive logic system, so it doesn't give a 100 percent accurate answer. That's why it's more likely to be anxious about the uncertain future.

But Shirone didn't lose his composure. It was a diamond-like mental strength that didn't change its shape in any situation.

When Pascal was overloaded, Dante snorted. If he kept this up, he would explode with the magic circle.

But he didn't stop.

Below the cliff was his first defeat in his life. The blade in his heart sharpened as much as the number of victories piled up, and the blade would cut himself with a single defeat.

'I can never lose!'

Dante rather increased Pascal's calculation speed.

When he stepped into an unknown world that he had never experienced before, another wall collapsed and a surprising world unfolded.

The light of Pascal's magic circle burned intensely and the speed of the mansion increased.

The long matrix of numbers made of binary flowed through his head like a torrent, carving out his brain.

Pascal's change was immediately captured by the students' eyes. The functions that were at least two tempos slower than Shirone caught up with Shirone's speed.

Dante was sure.

'I can do it! I can do more!'

Pascal didn't need to process everything in parallel. If he focused on the most important calculations, the local functions could be increased by several times.

'Slow mansion first. Then fire, bolt, press in order.'

Dante first calculated a specific address among the batteries listed in Pascal's memory. It was a way of skipping from 352nd operation to 2,987th operation. When he reached the stage where he went from end to end at once, a roar erupted from Pascal's magic circle.

'This is it! This is what I wanted!'

Dante felt a freedom of consciousness flying away.

He could no longer see Shirone, and he couldn't hear the gunfire ringing on the battlefield anymore. Only the infinite matrix of 1 and 0 passing by at an electric speed filled his head.

Olivia trembled with emotion.

'Dante...'

She knew he would overcome the wall someday. She didn't know that the trigger would be Alpheus's disciple, but it didn't matter.

Dante, who reached the realm of local calculation, achieved a surprising growth as much as a cocoon turned into a butterfly.

"Ouch."

Dante lifted his finger that was crushing an ant. The ant that was biting his index finger struggled and fell to the ground.

Olivia glanced at the fallen ant and asked.

"Wow. Did it bite you? Does it hurt a lot?"

"Haha! It's okay. It happens all the time."

Dante put his finger in his mouth and sucked while looking at the ant. The 1111th ant that lost its purpose realized the collapse of the kingdom and spun around in place without knowing what to do.

"But...."

Dante gently picked up the ant and looked at the situation of the confused kingdom. He carefully observed it and placed 1111th somewhere. The place where he placed it gradually regained stability as the center.

Dante didn't stop there and placed several ants here and there. The sight of the kingdom that was on the verge of destruction being quickly built into a solid system amazed Olivia.

"Hehe! Sorry, ants."

Dante looked up at Olivia with a bright smile.

"It's okay now."

Olivia smiled and looked at Dante. She stared at his clear and transparent eyes as if trying to dig something out. She finally made a decision.

"Dante, do you want to learn magic?"

That was the day Olivia and Dante's relationship began.

Olivia never doubted that Dante would become the greatest magician in the kingdom since then.

He was not a machine that simply processed information. He was a human being who could break through any limit.
```
[Translated block]


```text
Siro was clearly an amazing child, but there was no one in his class who could beat Dante, who had jumped over the wall.

"Krrrrr...!"

Dante tried his best to keep his mind. His information processing speed was accelerating to a level he had never experienced in his life.

The magic that spewed out of the 86 mansions was now spreading in all directions, making direction meaningless.

If Siro's judgment was slightly off, the match would have been over, and now even the students couldn't tell who would win.

Dante's mental power was rapidly decreasing, but Siro was also chaining more than 2,000 teleportations.

'Damn it! Why? Why doesn't it match?'

Dante was at his wit's end.

He had raised Pascal's function to the limit of availability, but Siro was still roaming around the system. It was clear that his thoughts were also accelerating to match the gear he had raised.

Dante's senses were completely open, and he couldn't distinguish what was visual information and what was auditory information.

It was an amazing experience.

Siro's information mixed up, and he felt a sense of unity as if his body and mind had merged.

'Damn it! I don't want this with a guy!'

Regardless of his emotions, Dante tasted the ultimate ecstasy. His reaction speed of thought reached a level he had never achieved before, and Siro's information was dismantled into signals and flooded in.

The two exchanged a conversation of existence. A raw communion without lies or truths. At that point, Siro and Dante shivered. It was as if they had become electricity, and flashes of light exploded in their sight.

The ultimate talents of induction and deduction exchanged a conversation in the form of magic, and it was conveyed to all the people who were watching. The students watched the battle of the two without blinking.

Battle is a collision. But now the two looked like they were dancing. A dance mixed with all kinds of magic and knowledge.

Alpheus smiled.

"To know what is right, you have to go a long way around. You are sure, you deny, and you are sure again. Then your mind settles in your body. You can struggle as much as you want. It's not a different sky anyway."

Olivia's eyes settled down calmly.

The battle simulation system 2000 was a place for students to experience real combat in advance and to show off their superiority.

But would Jacovang, the developer of 2000, think so?

Maybe he gave the students the freedom to fail as much as they wanted.

Olivia clenched her fists on her knees.

Alpheus' philosophy was right too. But she didn't want to compromise at this point. Once she entered the battle, only the winner would be recorded in history. The winner must be Dante. The disciple who boasted himself as the best in his teaching life.

Siro and Dante's information exchange reached an extreme level and the students turned their bracelets around as they became unbearably hot.

86 mansions and a flash of light.

The hundreds of information exchanges per second created by that combination made them feel like the world was spinning around.

Maria's eyes moistened. Talent beyond human realm. When two people with such talent intertwined, such an absurd spectacle unfolded.

"Dante senior... He's really amazing."

Mark turned his head with a surprised expression. He thought Maria would definitely cheer for Siro. Even if she put aside her personal feelings, she couldn't forget the incident where she was humiliated by Dante's party.

"Maria, what are you talking about?"

"Maybe today's match will be recorded in history."

Mark closed his mouth as if he realized something. Maria was right. Siro and Dante's match went beyond the level of practice.

"I used to hate competition so much."

Mark knew that too. She couldn't overcome the pressure of competition and didn't even activate the mechanism of the bridge she couldn't cross.

"But now... I think it's a really cool world. Siro senior was just a genius. I just had to look up at him without thinking anything. But Dante senior is making him fight with all his might."
```
[Translated block]
Mark looked back at Maria with a regretful heart. He felt her feelings seep into him and melt his heart.

He felt the same way. But he couldn't do that. If he thought that far, he would never be able to stand up again.

Maria lowered her head with a sad expression.

"I guess I'll never... experience something like that in my life."

Mark clenched his teeth. Shirone's appearance matched the ideal of a magician he dreamed of.

What would it feel like? To show off your skills in the heavenly realm. To hold on to the best opponent and fall to the end of hell.

He couldn't even guess, but it must have been the highest ecstasy a magician could feel.
[Translated block]