


[433] Opportunity for Revenge (5)

The ice sheet of Niflheim trembled.

If one looked down from a high place, one would see the ice molecules oscillating like concentric circles spreading out on the surface of the water.

Gaold was standing in the middle of that wave.

He was standing there, and nothing else existed.

"Krrrrr!"

Gaold gritted his teeth like a demon.

The blood vessels that rose from his neck to his temples writhed like roundworms.

The guide knelt on the ice sheet and stared blankly at the spot where the Grim Reaper had disappeared.

"This, this is unbelievable."

Then the ice sheet could not withstand the wave and cracked, spreading in all directions.

A single crack that stretched out in a zigzag pattern curved as if it had a mind of its own and rushed toward the guide.

"Hyeeek!"

Kang Nan grabbed the guide's collar and flew his body, and a 4-meter-wide crack quickly passed by where they had been.

The crack stopped and the area was completely devastated.

It was Gaold's presence engraved on Niflheim.

Whoooooo!

The Grim Reapers attached to the ice sheet ascended, spitting out the life stream they had accumulated throughout their lives.

"Huh? Huh?"

The guide's eyes shook with shock.

It was the first time in his life that he saw more than 10 black elixirs flying up to the sky at the same time.

His consciousness was blurred by the powerful pleasure that seemed to stop his heart just by looking at it.

He ran like a madman, swinging his limbs, when he saw the elixirs rolling on the ice sheet with a thud.

He didn't even know that his palms were cut by the cold ice sheet, and he scooped up the elixirs with a blank mind.

It was quite heavy when he held it in both hands.

It was quite heavy, but it felt like he was holding the heaviest thing in the world.

'If only, if this is all mine...'

The guide's eyes were engulfed by greed.

But as soon as he saw Kang Nan's cold face, he came to his senses. A word that he didn't even ask popped out of his mouth.

"Ah, no, I mean half is mine..."

"Take it. All of it."

Kang Nan turned his feet to Gaold after confirming that the guide had picked up all the elixirs.

'You're such an idiot!'

Pain sensation 100,000 times.

An experience that ordinary humans can't even imagine. But for Gaold, it was just a common reality.

After all, pain is nothing more than a special signal of the nervous system transmitted to the brain.

It's just that kind of thing.

Humans who have to live their lives enduring extreme pain that they can't escape or refuse.

That was the curse that Gaold had received.

"Are you okay?"

Gaold grinned like a brat, regaining his old appearance.

"Hehe, what if I'm not? Will you give me a kiss?"

Kang Nan snorted.

What if something like that happened? How would Gaold accept it?

The pain of sensitive sensory organs? The greatest thrill of his life?

"Sorry, but I don't have such a hobby with old legs."

"Why are you like this? When we first met, you couldn't even lift your head because you were shy."

There was definitely no such thing.

But Kang Nan reminisced about that time with a faint expression on his face.

'Did I... do that?'

He was relieved to see his bold appearance, but the more he did, the more flames rose inside him.

His already sensitive senses soared 100 times in an instant.

Even ordinary humans would scream and roll on the floor if they amplified the pain of their fingertips being cut by 100 times.

But Gaold was a human who basically had a thousand times amplification.

There was no way he could be okay without looking inside him.

"Listen carefully. From now on, when you raise your pain sensation..."

"Finally, you can see a little bit. Let's go quickly."

Gaold cut off Kang Nan's words and headed for the guide.

The guide's face was completely terrified as he faced reality.
[Translated block]


At the beginning of the journey, I thought I could get my fair share.

But when he saw the power that annihilated 40 Grim Reapers in an instant, he realized where he had been dragged.

It was not a matter of betrayal or backstabbing.

In Niflheim, where there was nothing but ghosts, Gaold was no different from a god who held his life.

'He will kill me. He will surely do that.'

The condition of taking 50 percent of the harvested elixirs.

It was a strong percentage in terms of ratio, but in reality it was taking one out of two black elixirs if you got two.

At least that's how it was until now.

But as the number of elixirs increased, the 50 percent ratio began to feel like a tremendous weight.

In a situation where he had to pay a huge amount of elixirs, wouldn't he have no reason to keep him alive?

"How many did you collect?"

The guide flinched and opened his pocket.

"Uh, well..."

There were 24 that were already there and 14 that were obtained this time.

It felt like a dream to think that he had 38 black elixirs in his hand.

"As you can see, it's 38."

The guide hastily added.

"I, I don't have much greed... So please..."

"Go back."

"Huh?"

The guide, who was about to beg for his life, looked bewildered and lowered his head.

"Leave half and take half and go back. It's not your level to guide from now on."

If 40 Grim Reapers appeared at the same time, there was no guarantee that more enemies would not come out as they got closer to hell.

It was a good thing for the guide to give up his greed at this point, and there was also a cost-benefit calculation that the 50 percent stake in the massive acquisition of black elixirs would grow over time.

'Go back? Is he serious?'

He probably was.

There was no reason for the strong ones who could kill him at any time to be mean and hit him in the back of the head.

As the most feared problem was resolved, the guide's head began to spin fast.

He returns to the mainland with 19 black elixirs.

He could live as he pleased for 38 years.

'No. Rather, let's use about 10 black elixirs to build a community. Then I can play and eat for life by bossing around my subordinates.'

But unlike his head, his heart did not move easily.

If he built a community with 10 black elixirs, he would have 9 left in his hand.

But human hearts are so subtle that it felt like he had lost 10 out of the original 19.

And the number of remaining 9 also felt something lacking to keep for life.

'Oh, man, if only I had one more. If it's 10, it's 10. What's 9? It's annoying.'

The feeling that he could have everything in the world with just one black elixir was gone in front of the bigger greed that came after achieving it.

'Yeah, just one more. Anyway, it's dangerous even if I go back now.'

He remembered the way where the frequency of Grim Reaper occurrence was low, but the data was not 100 percent accurate.

"What if you break the contract all of a sudden? I can't back down like this. I'll guide you to hell."

Gaold stared at the guide's eyes.

It was a desperate look as if he had caught the last chance of his life.

"Kuku, yeah, if you're a man, you have to make a big hit. Guide me."

"You're right."

The guide quickly got up and took the lead.

He tapped on his bundle full of black elixirs and remembered his parents' words when he was young.

Row when the water comes in.

#4. BioShock

"It's over. Get up."

Shirone and Flu took off their glasses-like devices and got out of bed.

They were isolated for seven days and underwent physical examinations once a day, and today was the day for brainwave measurement.

"In my opinion, there is nothing unusual. The isolation measures will be lifted from this time, so you can go back to your dormitory."
[Translated block]


Shirone sighed with relief.

The situation where he couldn't even go to the bathroom properly under the ironclad surveillance for seven days was finally over.

Shirone and Flu left the laboratory side by side and headed for their quarters.

Shirone, who had been careful with his words until now, opened his mouth.

"It's strange no matter how you think about it, right? Why are they so persistent in testing us?"

He had guessed that the infection of an unidentified pathogen was just an excuse from the beginning.

The reason he didn't show it was because he didn't want to lose even the chance to counterattack in a situation where his hands and feet were tied.

"I'm also curious about that. The promised rebel integration is also sluggish. Now that the isolation is over, there must be some change. While you focus on external activities, I'll find out a little bit."

"Do you really need to do that? Maybe it's something that has nothing to do with us."

Shirone's team's ground task is to integrate the rebels.

Even if Laysis had a secret, there was no need to scratch the scab if it was an internal situation of the command.

'No. There's definitely something.'

During the isolation, information from the outside was completely blocked, but minor changes he got while going back and forth to the laboratory made him uncomfortable.

'I'll have to explore it without getting caught.'

A Norin passing by in the hallway glanced at Flu.

* * *

Laysis entered the secret laboratory of the second command.

As usual, he was wearing a red cloak and his expression was flushed.

"Did you send me what Yamang requested?"

"Yes. It's being dismantled right now. Check it out."

On the experimental table, there was a thick lump of fat attached to a grayish leather with mucus on it.

On the opposite table, the part corresponding to the face of the creature was laid down.

Laysis shivered as he confirmed the long snake-like nose and sharp teeth like saws in the circular mouth.

'It's certain. I finally got it.'

Bakyojong Izermon.

A creature belonging to rank A of hell hunting, it has the ability to restrain all targets except its own species with anti-tease.

In other words, it was a law that denied the law, and it was speculated that it would be a unique mechanism of the home planet where Izermon lived.

"I underestimated Yamang too much. Izermon. He brought it much faster than I thought."

"I was surprised too. Even the elite soldiers of the command were helpless against anti-tease."

"He must have found a way to hunt or hired an outstanding person. It could be both. Anyway, start. Turn on the Fuzix machine."

Where Laysis turned his body, there was a device with a 4-meter-high glass tube in the center and a huge glass ball at each octagonal vertex.

Biological mixer Fuzix machine.

A device that mixes two or more creatures and creates a new creature with complex traits.

'I have to strengthen Izermon somehow.'

Bakyojong Izermon had a very excellent function by itself, but combining various characteristics that could take advantage of anti-tease could make it a more perfect weapon.

'Anti-tease that can suppress angel's behavior. If you can't produce that much power, you can't use it in war.'

After melting various elixirs in a perfect ratio, adding water and adding black elixir, a black and long liquid flowed through the hose into a barrel.

It was 'plasma' used in lunar alcohol.

Plasma, which only reacts with organic matter, melts living things and absorbs their unique genetic information.

If you mix this with another plasma and apply electrical stimulation, a new creature with combined features of two organisms is born, which is exactly the same as the mechanism of lunar alcohol.

It's just that humans are not the only ingredients, so as the number of types increases, so does the failure rate.

The reason why Laysis eyed Shirone was to control the variables of inter-species bonding with Nephilim's powerful mind.

"Commander, Izermon's plasma is complete."

Laysis' eyes sparkled with ecstasy at seeing the plasma swaying in a barrel.
[Translated block]


It smelled so bad that she wanted to block her nose, but to her it was the sweetest scent in the world.

'I will evolve endlessly.'

It was the water of life that would lead her to the seat of God.
[Translated block]