


[548] Code Decomposition (1)

"Shirone!"

Lian raised his greatsword with his back to the sun.

He could not turn Shirone's memory back without suffering a shock that was equivalent to death, or more than that.

'Shirone, this is....'

Lian clenched his teeth and swung his greatsword with all his might.

'This is my best one sword!'

As he swung his greatsword at an incredible speed, a black crack followed the flash-like trajectory.

It was the defensive barrier that surrounded the pyramid, which was distorted by Lian's Dinae law.

'Damn Dinae.'

Shura muttered with a frown.

He had no time to look back, but the terrifying power of will contained in the greatsword was clearly conveyed through the code.

"......"

Shirone just watched calmly.

There was no defensive movement to be found in Armand's robe, which should have reacted as sensitively as a nerve.

As expected, when the greatsword stopped in front of him, Shirone said to Lian, who was showing his frustration.

"Lian, you can't awaken me."

"Kruk!"

His hand holding the greatsword shook uncontrollably as Shirone watched.

Shirone turned his gaze toward the path Lian had come.

"You've come this far by cutting down hundreds of people, but...."

Shirone's eyes turned back to Lian.

"I don't feel any hostility from your sword."

As if admitting Shirone's words, the tremor in Lian's arm disappeared.

"Yeah, you're right."

He couldn't kill him.

The Shirone that Lian knew was not a weak human who would awaken his mind in front of death.

"Lian, what's the truth? What are you... what are you to me?"

"I am your sword."

Lian swallowed the bitter groan that came out.

"My flesh, my blood, my bones! They're all yours!"

Lian's voice became the hand of truth and gripped Shirone's heart, and a piece of information began to push into his brain from a distant memory.

'But... if what Lian says is true, if all this is a lie. What am I?'

Shura shouted.

"What are you doing! Kill him quickly!"

As the maiden's sword aimed at his neck and flew in, Lian twisted his greatsword to block it in a hurry.

"Huh!"

Lian's body flew away as he was hit by a force that could destroy Dinae.

The maiden kicked the stairs and jumped up.

'It's amazing.'

To her, Lian was an alien being even in 10,000 years of time.

'What kind of law is it?'

Axing distorts the law, but whether the body can withstand it is another matter.

Therefore, usually the more distorted the intensity, the more twisted the law that acts on the body becomes.

That was why there were no normal humans among the executives of Shirokai.

'It's not schema.'

On the other hand, Lian's axing did not consider the body at all.

Perhaps transcendent regeneration was his axing, but even if he was a death knight, it was impossible to crawl back into the realm of life from the fallen realm of death.

'Shall we check it out?'

The maiden's body began to spin horribly in midair as she exploded her nirvana power.

The laws mounted on the virtual serial 8-cylinder were implemented in succession, and a terrifying 8-shot came crashing down on Lian's body.

"Lian! Kuk!"

As Shirone tried to run to Lian, a huge amount of information invaded his mind.

It was digital Raga trying to connect with Shirone through Mucus.

-Human, become one with me.

"Not yet, not yet!"

Lian could not leave this world as it was with the bruise of truth engraved on his heart.

-You and I are changing the world.

"Aaaaaah!"

As digital Raga and Shirone's brains connected, the memories of two entities began to merge into one.

'Gwan-eum Geol-rae-jang.'
[Translated block]


As Kwanum's palm flew toward the pyramid, Shura blocked the front and activated the law of defense.

Gestalt of Cohesion - Ten Commandments of Negation.

A giant inverted cross was born in front of Shura and blocked Kwanum's palm.

"Really crazy. Let's go out and see."

Miro bit his teeth.

Dealing with the law of the world where humans are open is similar to being able to freely create something with toy blocks.

If the pyramid of reality is the only 1 in the law of numbers, the pyramid here is 2 for 'the pyramid designated by Shura'.

The boundaries of the law are cut off like blocks, and the limits of the world are clear.

This meant that Shura's law was clearly used like magic in reality.

"Let's do this until the end."

Miro, who was staring at Shura, who was one-sided defense, raised his scale even more.

"Profit! Profit!"

Meanwhile, Marsha, who was fighting with mucous, shouted at Fermi, looking back at him, as escape was not easy.

"Do something! I'm really done with this!"

Fermi, who was caught like her, looked at Sironne's condition and bit his tongue.

'Chet, there's nothing I can do.'

It wasn't enough yet, but I couldn't waste any more time.

'Cold magic. Hyper intercooler.'

As the great magician's magic that cost a whopping 100 million gold was activated, a mist of cold rose around Fermi.

The mucus froze with a crunching sound, and in an instant the ground sparkled like a polar land.

Marsha looked at the mucus that was freezing from below and prepared to escape.

At the same time, a giant avatar of Kwanum fell from the sky and crushed a quarter of the pyramid.

Kurururururung!

As the pyramid collapsed when Shura's defensive barrier disappeared, Shura stuck out his snake tongue and muttered spitefully.

"Despicable human...!"

It was just that he made Kwanum's attack miss even though it was his own garden.

Nor did Miro live for 10,000 years.

It was incomprehensible to Shura, an immortal, that a human who was no different from a mayfly could manipulate such a huge concept to this extent.

"Keeuk!"

Sironne, who lost connection with Digital Ra, collapsed forward as she couldn't withstand the shaking of the pyramid.

"Judge!"

Yoga, who was watching from the ground and trying to climb the pyramid, felt a strange sensation penetrating from behind.

"Huh!"

When he turned his body, Marsha stabbed him repeatedly with Paryun's dagger.

"...What did you do to my body?"

Yoga asked after confirming that the smoke of desire was leaking out, but Marsha was not in a position to answer.

"Die."

As Yoga reached out his hand to break Sironne's fragment, his surroundings were darkened.

"What?"

Fermi grabbed Marsha's hand and teleported instantly.

'Dark magic, curtain.'

When Marsha turned her head out of the darkness, a shadow drawn from the pyramid formed a sphere and trapped Yoga.

"Now let's cooperate."

There was no need to distract his attention any more as he had destroyed Shura's barrier.

Fermi distracted the guardians of the flock with various magic, and Marsha stabbed Paryun's dagger as much as possible.

The smoke of desire revealed their location blatantly, but Fermi's skill in blocking the access of guardians with curtain magic and crowd control techniques was great.

'He said he was Sironne's rival. He's definitely not ordinary.'

The trade of depreciation did not have a unique ability like other regulations outside food, but it had the advantage of ignoring attribute affinity altogether.

Being able to use light and darkness, water and fire that are antagonistic at the same time means that you can respond to all variables that occur.

In terms of mission performance ability alone, it was hard to find such a pro magician.

"We need to get rid of it as soon as possible. There is no time."

As Fermi said, Mucus tore off the frozen area and moved new mucous membranes toward Sironne.
[Translated block]


"Shirone!"

Lian flew towards the pyramid again, but now he faced the barrier of a knight who was too much for him.

'Nirvana Reaction!'

The endless cycle of the law accelerated the abnormal activity of the knight's body.

The pattern was simple, but as the RPM increased, so did the speed and power.

Kwaaaaaang!

The knight's sword clashed with Lian's sword, sending a shock that twisted his bones.

"Kuuuuu!"

The two warriors glared at each other like beasts.

Then Lian's regenerated left arm grabbed the hilt of the greatsword, and the knight's face turned pale.

He sensed a huge wave of power that was about to unfold, and Lian swung his sword with all his might.

"Yaaaaa!"

Mach speed rushed in.

In front of the unstoppable wave of law, the knight broke his cycle and twisted his body.

As the greatsword slammed into the ground, the knight breathed heavily, seeing Lian's arm muscles burst.

"Haa. Haa."

The weight of one sword that Lian swung was like the weight of the world.

He still didn't think he was losing, but to be honest, he didn't know how he could win either.

"Move. I have to get to Shirone...."

Lian lifted his head and advanced, but stopped abruptly.

The knight, who had a wolf-like expression, smiled with his eyes wide open.

"Will you... do it till the end?"

For the first time, Lian took a step back.

"Do you really want to...?"

The knight's pupils returned to normal, but they were no longer human.

"Will you go all the way with me?"

Acting-Nirvana E-Engine.

The ground exploded and the knight disappeared.

The only thing mounted on the eight cylinders was acceleration, and her body spread like a tear.

Lian reflexively lifted his greatsword.

At the same time, dozens of cuts appeared on every part of his body that he couldn't defend, and blood spurted out.

"Kuuuuu!"

A speed that should have torn his body apart.

But the schema that had been trained for 10,000 years held up firmly against her body.

"Not yet, not yet."

Between the murmurs of the knight, laughter leaked out as if he had two vocal cords.

He had never experienced the limit of speed before because any enemy would die before that.

'But you're different.'

Lian is different.

He doesn't dodge or run away, so he deserves to pour out everything he has.

"Damn it!"

All Lian could do was defend his neck with his sword.

He didn't even have time to regenerate, and his flesh fell off as if his body was burning.

'Am I going to fail to protect my lord again?'

Lian's eyes met Shirone's on top of the pyramid.

"Lian...."

Shirone looked at Lian, who was bleeding profusely, with a blank expression.

Information from a distant memory hit his brain, overwhelming all the memories he had experienced here.

-I am Ogent Lian.

His name was Ogent Lian.

-Let's be friends. How about it?

The moment he took his hand, everything in his life changed.

-I am Shirone's sword!

He always protected him from behind.

"Lian. How can I... how can I forget you."

As the information recovery rate reached 99 percent, hot tears ran down Shirone's cheeks.

"Liaaan!"

Even in the wind created by the knight's movement, Lian heard Shirone's voice clearly.

'Yeah, it doesn't matter if I break.'

Lian clenched the hilt of his greatsword so hard that it seemed to crumble, and at the peak of acceleration, the knight screamed with ecstasy.

He was sure he could kill him anywhere, and a pale blade turned into a vicious drill and poured into Lian.
[Translated block]


Lian clenched his teeth as if they would break.

'My flesh, my blood, my bones!'

And he swung his arms with all his might.

'They are all yours!'

Boom!

A sphere of iron color wrapped around Lian's body.

The barrage of blows hit the iron wall, making the sphere flash like fire, and then the afterimage of the lady flew out.

"What is this...?"

He had defended himself in all directions by swinging his sword with his arms that had eaten Dinae.

"Krrrr!"

Lian's arms holding the sword were in a state where the muscles had all flown away and only the thin bones remained.

"I'm going! Shirone!"

Lian, who clenched the sword handle with the power of the law, kicked the ground and jumped out.

Pop pop pop pop pop bang!

Lian's figure disappeared, and the ground on both sides of the lady exploded in succession as he rushed in.

'He's moving back and forth so fast that he can't be seen.'

Left or right.

She moved her eyes from side to side, then fixed her gaze as if she realized something and shivered.

'I can't tell.'

In a situation where even her monstrous senses were silent, goosebumps rose all over her body.
[Translated block]