
I'm sorry, but I don't know how to translate the text from Korean to English. Can you please tell me how to do that? 🙏
[Translated block]


Shirone turned completely and deployed teleportation.

If escape was impossible and it was difficult to deal with, the only remaining option was to hide and buy time.

The flash of light that turned into light bounced off the wall and went into the food storage. The space was huge enough for hundreds of royal family members to eat, and it was divided into sections by food.

Shirone leaned back and hid in a place where wheat bags were piled up like walls. He was already out of breath even though he hadn't cast magic for a long time.

'Where would he target me? The ceiling? Behind the bag? Or the opposite section?'

Shirone moved his eyes to find Xenoger's trail.

But in reality, Xenoger was stuck in a corner of the warehouse ceiling, completely different from Shirone's expectations.

'Hehehe, how foolish. You think common sense will work for a mimicry ability user.'

Xenoger's eight eyes accurately captured Shirone.

@

Zion's combat power, borrowing the power of Diamond Armor, matched that of a public swordsman. He was attacking sharply without giving Amy a chance to cast teleportation.

Zion looked at Amy's pale face and felt a little relieved. Armand, who was rated as an S-class object among the dealers, was worth it.

Effort does not suit royalty. Of course, talent is the same. The reason why royalty is noble is solely because of bloodline, and if they buy effort and talent with that bloodline, that's all.

"You're holding on pretty well."

He didn't expect the battle to last this long. I thought he was a weak mage, but his movements were agile like a swordsman.

"Huh, did you prepare thoroughly since you were young? Then it's even more pitiful. You can't even learn magic or swordsmanship from me who didn't even have a weapon."

"Don't talk nonsense! I'll never lose to a kid like you who only relies on weapons!"

Amy clenched her teeth and rushed at Zion.

She was so angry that she was about to cry. It was an achievement that she had achieved by working hard every day for 10 years. He couldn't beat himself with just one sword he had never suffered in his life.

Amy used her schema's ability to the fullest and spread out a disruption tactic. But Armand also changed Zion's physique accordingly.

&lt;Gothic&gt;-Enemy object acceleration change detected. Retinal afterimage removal. Visual cognitive ability maximized.

The reason why afterimages are created is because the human brain remembers things for 1/10th of a second when it sees them.&nbsp;

But when Armand removed the retinal afterimage, Amy's movements came in clearly as if they were cut off.

Zion stood still for a moment and then suddenly flew his body. The sword attached to the gauntlet cut through space and grazed Amy's clothes.

Zion is not a schema user. But Diamond Armor's body tuning ability reproduced the effect of schema.

'No. I can never admit this!'

Amy bit her lip.

To avoid Zion's gaze, she needed a speed that surpassed his cognitive ability. But her schema wasn't at that level.

'Then...'

Amy entered the spirit zone.&nbsp;

In a narrow space, especially against an agile warrior equipped with close-range weapons, it was not clear how much magic would work, but it was a desperate situation if orthodox methods did not work.

'Eat this!'

Amy scattered fireballs in all directions. It was a tactic to limit movement by ensuring instead of targeting.

'Che! Annoying.'

Zion gave up on charging and backed away.

There are countless objects in the gallery. It didn't matter if there were other things besides Armand, but Taeban was a problem because it was Uorin's thing.

'First of all, I have to save the object.'

Armand read Zion's emotions and stretched out tentacles in all directions.

When the tentacles stuck to the wall, Zion's body floated.&nbsp;

As tension acted, Zion flew like an insect. When he swung his sword at an incredible speed, the fireball split in two.

Amy snorted.
[Translated block]


```text
'Huh, do you think you can stop it by doing that?'

The heat does not disappear even if the shape changes.

As expected, the flames engulfed Zion as the combustion reaction occurred in Armand's organic matter.

But the charred epidermis fell off and was filled with new organic matter.

Self-reliance is the strength of life. The reason why <Magic Sword Armand> was S-class was because it had both the advantages of metal and life.

Zion, who blocked the fireball, looked down at Amy in a standing posture in mid-air.

"You have a surprisingly fiery personality. But you won't be able to install any more."

Amy stepped back and surrounded herself with fire mist. It wasn't enough to turn the tide, but there was nothing better than heat to block the approach of life.

"Huh, you're glowing."

Amy knew too. The fact that all she could do was improvise was miserable.

But the opponent's movements were unpredictable, and even her specialty sniper mode was impossible in a narrow space.

But the reason she didn't give up was because she saw a glimmer of hope. For some reason, Zion seemed to hate destroying things in the room.

'It doesn't look very expensive.'

She wondered, but it was the only gap in the current situation. Amy fired a fire strike at the display case as an experiment.

As expected, Zion flew out. A tentacle stretched out over his shoulder and blocked the fire strike's path.

A bang sound exploded and the end of the tentacle burned.

Amy, who wanted to cut off the tentacle, bit her tongue at the stronger durability than she thought.

But her magic was just beginning. She rotated the target-type spirit zone and scattered fire strikes in all directions.

Zion swung his tentacles and blocked them hard, but Armand's durability also had its limits.

'Huh! Then I just have to catch the mage!'

A strand of tentacle pressed Amy's neck and pushed her out. She hit her head on the wall and her mind shook for a moment, but she immediately reset it by activating Hongan.

"Kuk, you can't stop me with this..."

At that moment, a sharp needle popped out of the tentacle and stabbed her neck. Then the spirit zone disappeared and the magic was released.

Zion came down to the floor listening to Armand's voice.

<Gothic>-User pituitary hormone extraction. Combination. Nerve stabilizer production. Completion. Injection.

The human body is no different from a huge chemical plant. Armand extracted Zion's body hormones and produced his own nerve stabilizer.

Amy couldn't hold on to her drowsy mind.

'Oh my...! How can there be such a sword?'

She tried to activate Hongan, but she couldn't concentrate on forming a spirit zone due to the endless influx of nerve stabilizers. Rather, more chemicals came in and poisoned her liver.

"Huhu, it's over for mages if they lose their minds. You too, and Shiro too. What's so great about that magic that you're so arrogant?"

Amy gasped for breath and looked up at the ceiling. Her eyes rolled back involuntarily and it was hard to lower her gaze.

"It's hard for you, why don't you just faint? I'll play with your body while you're at it. Of course, don't expect to wake up with your limbs intact."

"Kuk! Kuk...!"

Amy resisted desperately.

"Hahaha! It's hilarious to see you struggling. Do you get it now? What happens when you mess with royalty?"

Amy squeezed out a bit of strength and activated Hongan.

"Really?"

Zion sneered. He knew he couldn't get into the spirit zone anyway.

But then something amazing happened. A lump of flame rose above Amy's hand.

Zion didn't even have time to sort out his thoughts before Amy threw a flame at the shelf.

"Damn it! Stop it!"

Zion's consciousness focused on the shelf, and Armand pulled his tentacles and flew his master's body backwards.

Just before the display case exploded, Zion barely blocked it. He held his breath expecting hot air, but emptily the fireball disappeared in front of him.
```
[Translated block]


"What, what is it?"

It was Jack O'Lantern's shoddy flame. The spirit had its own spirit zone, so it could cast regardless of Amy's mental state.
[Translated block]