


```text
[273] 1. Adversarial Friendly Relationship (2)

He approached Shirone and offered a handshake, saying,

"I have to go now. I can't leave my seat for too long. Shirone, you're an Unrocker, so knowing these things will help you as a unique in the magic society."

Shirone quickly grabbed Arius's hand.

"Yes. It was really helpful. Thank you."

"Haha! There's nothing to thank me for. From now on, I'm going to dig up your Ataraxia."

Arius smiled coldly, but Shirone couldn't see his expression. He had already fallen asleep and dropped his head deeply.

A high-level sleep magic cuts off the target's consciousness like a knife and makes them not even feel the disconnection of their mind waves. Even if Shirone's consciousness revived and clung to the broken memories, he wouldn't feel anything strange.

"Let's get started."

Arius, a scale mage who deals with mental types, uses a magic called Dive that infiltrates the human mind.

He can penetrate anywhere in the human mind, which consists of 12 levels, except for the 12th level shell layer, which is the realm of intelligence.

But the human mind is such a dangerous environment that if you dive recklessly, you'll lose your life even if you have 10 lives.

So most divers use a method of throwing a net on the water surface and pulling out only the information they want, and the key role was the keyword.

Arius, who injected a keyword into Shirone by surprise and made him recall the impression of Ataraxia, did some warm-up exercises by twisting his waist before casting Dive magic.

The human mind is still a place where dozens of divers lose their lives every year, but he cast magic without hesitation like a magician of Madogirl.

"Dive. Ataraxia."

The spirit zone of detachment shrunk to an extreme scale and penetrated into Shirone's head. At the same time, Arius's figure disappeared from the waiting room.

He reappeared about five minutes later. He was kneeling and his clothes were soaked with sweat as if he had been in water.

Arius breathed evenly and slowly got up. He looked at Shirone with an uncomfortable expression for a long time and moved his feet when he heard the voice of the manager outside the door.

"Shirone-nim, the trial will begin shortly. Please join us."

Arius clicked his tongue and flicked his tongue, activating Flicker, a trademark of scale mages, and disappeared from the waiting room.

"Huh?"

Shirone blinked his eyes and looked around.

He had been asleep for five minutes, but his consciousness was so neatly cut off that it was as if he had lost five minutes.

With his consciousness cut off and reconnected, he could only think that Arius had suddenly disappeared while shaking hands.

'He's really unpredictable. Well, Armin was like that too.'

When there was no answer from Shirone even after time passed, the manager opened the door and came in.

"Shirone-nim, you have to come out now."

"Oh, I'm sorry. I'll go now."

Shirone followed the manager into the courtroom.

The nobles who were favored by Kazra took their seats on the jury bench, and there were two chairs below the judge's seat.

Instead of evidence in the place where evidence was stored, various tools were crowded and alchemists and mages were checking them.

Shirone sat on the right chair and waited for a while. A loud scream came from outside the courtroom and then the door opened.

"His Majesty Orkamp is coming!"

The nobles stood up to greet him as Orkamp entered with a dignified walk.

He didn't even glance at the other nobles and checked Shirone's condition. Arius must have already contacted him, but he couldn't tell if he had succeeded in replicating Ataraxia.

"Let's start."

Arius, who sat next to Shirone, gave an order and the judge proceeded with the prosecution.

The mage collected blood from both of them with a syringe.

The atmosphere in the courtroom cooled down as soon as a needle was stuck in the king's body.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
As soon as the blood collection from Shirone was over, the alchemist mixed the two kinds of blood with a substance called Oxstamin. When he shook the beaker, the liquid changed from dark purple to clear water.

The alchemist explained.

"The blood mixed with Oxstamin will be stored in a vacuum state for three days. If it is positive, it is a parent-child relationship, if it is negative, it is not."

As the alchemist handed over the blood, the judge put it in an alchemical box called Caspi.

As soon as he closed the lid, the air was discharged and it turned into a vacuum state.

It was perfect for security-sensitive tests because it would break if any air leaked in.

The judge held up the Caspi and announced.

"This Caspi will go into the vault and be placed in the inner garden. The royal guard will monitor it 24 hours a day, and any nobleman with access to the inner garden can check it at any time. However, crossing the access limit line is strictly prohibited. If you attach a monitor separately, you must register your identity within an hour."

Shirone nodded his head at the judgment of the inspection department.

By exposing the vault to an unspecified number of people, they became each other's monitors and could not play any tricks.

"I hereby conclude the inspection of Kazra Kingdom's first prince verification."

The procedure ended with the judge striking his gavel.

Orkamp left the judge as if he had something busy to do, without even saying a word of thanks to Shirone.

Shirone, who knew Orkamp's personality, didn't care anymore. He was more worried about the fact that he hadn't heard from Reyna since last night.

He knew he was busy with all kinds of administrative work as a legal representative. And that was why he could live leisurely like a bum.

But wasn't that why he brought Amy? It was strange that he didn't even contact him even though his accommodation was far away.

@

"Did you fail?"

Orkamp's face twisted.

It was the first time he had heard that since he hired Arius. And it was also a word that should never come out.

He had scouted a criminal from the Black Line at the risk of criticism because he trusted his skills. But failure?

"I'm sorry. I succeeded in throwing the net, but I couldn't duplicate it."

Divers sink unconscious concepts into the deep sea and pull them up to the surface through keywords, and this process is expressed as throwing a net.

"What's the reason? Didn't you say that it's always successful if you just plant a keyword?"

"I can duplicate it now. It's just that there's no need to."

"There's no need to?"

Arius made a bitter expression as he recalled the situation at that time.

"Ataraxia was encapsulated."

"What is encapsulation? Is it a code?"

"No. A code is a rule. You write 100 letters on a one-meter-long paper strip. Then you wrap it around a certain thickness of wood and read the letters on one side. If a sentence appears, it's a code. Then what is encapsulation? You write a clear sentence on a one-meter-long paper strip. And then you crumple it up randomly. There is no pattern and no way to solve it. What I actually saw was not Ataraxia, but a cloud of information tangled like threads."

Arius raised his index finger and continued.

"Then why don't you need to duplicate it? Keywords make your opponent think of a specific concept. For example, this one. Apples are delicious. Then an apple comes to your mind. But that's not a perfect apple, it's just what you think of an apple. A perfect apple is melted in your unconsciousness in a form before language. In the end, the thoughts that appear through keywords are just shadows. Usually that's enough, but if it's encapsulated like this time, it's useless. Even if you duplicate the information cloud, it's just an information cloud."

Orkamp couldn't blame Arius. He understood. And if he blamed him, he would expose his ignorance.

"Then what are you going to do now? We need Ataraxia no matter what."
```
[Translated block]


```
"First, talk to Shirone. To find a solution, I need to see Ataraxia for myself. What kind of information system it is, what is the principle of activation. I can only tell you after such information is collected. Of course, I have installed a door so that you can enter again at any time."

"A demonstration of Ataraxia...."

Orkamp did not like Arius's suggestion.

Shirone was a smart kid, so he probably guessed that he was not invited to the palace for a simple paternity test.

In that situation, if he brought up his original purpose, the wound Shirone would receive would be enormous.

He was willing to bear the infamy of being a despicable father for the sake of protecting the kingdom. But he wanted to avoid the situation where Shirone refused to cooperate because of that.

"Isn't it too obvious? He'll surely doubt it."

"Your Majesty, this is a major event where the first prince changes. The Teraze faction will also try to settle the score within three days when the test results come out. If you don't use the advantage of having the first negotiation right with Shirone, the initiative will go to Teraze's side."

Orkamp pondered carefully.

Whether to embrace Shirone until the end or use and discard him. Either way, the sooner he chose, the better.

"If you're going to do it anyway, wouldn't it be better to make it grand?"

Arius answered on his behalf with a sly smile.

@

Shirone, who was heading to his parents' quarters, stopped in the second floor corridor. A nameless manager who was Zion's messenger blocked his way. It was amazing how he found him like a ghost in this vast palace.

"Shirone-nim, you have to come with me."

Shirone straightened his waist and pulled his chin.

It was probably not a pleasant thing to call him, but evasion was not a good choice.

Rather than being hit in the back of the head while running away, it was more effective to meet him directly and observe his reaction.

"Lead the way."

"That's an excellent choice. Follow me."

The manager took Shirone to the basement. It was a place where warehouses were densely packed, so there was very little traffic and the partitions were complex like a maze because of frequent expansion work.

The destination was the outermost edge, where there was a door that could go further into the wall.

It was not a room that existed from the beginning.

"This is it. Go inside."

Shirone did not loosen his tension and pulled the doorknob.

Unlike his expectation that there would be a room, there was a rectangular cave with torches burning and another door installed 15 meters ahead.

Double entrance.

He didn't choose this structure as a joke, but he couldn't think of any convincing reason either.

When he passed about half of the cave, the manager slammed the door hard. It was clearly to signal someone.

Startled, Shirone stopped and took a deep breath again and opened the second door.

It was an all-white room.

It was not painted but made entirely of marble and various items were displayed on shelves along the wall.

He didn't see anything particularly luxurious, but knowing Zion's personality, he felt rather uneasy.

Zion and Uorin were drinking tea at the table. He felt a little relieved when he saw Uorin, but he realized that even such a thought was dangerous and erased it from his head.

"You're here. What are you doing standing there? Come on in."

Shirone couldn't move his feet easily. Zion and Uorin looked at him with playful eyes.

He couldn't stay at the door forever, so he cautiously stepped forward while guarding all sides.

At that moment, the floor suddenly collapsed and his body leaned forward.

"Ugh! What is this!"

Shirone quickly lifted his head. The floor was soft so he didn't feel any shock, but when he heard Zion and Uorin laughing out loud, he felt so embarrassed that his ears turned red.

'What kind of floor is this soft?'

He crawled on his knees and felt around him, then he touched a solid floor at some boundary.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
"Are you okay, oppa? I'm sorry for teasing you. But it was fun, right?"

Woorin approached and reached out her hand.

Shirone, who took her hand and got up, looked at the place where he had fallen. There was no feature that distinguished it from the other floor.

"What is this?"

"It's <Fluffy Fluffy Everywhere>."

"Fluffy Fluffy... what?"
```
[Translated block]