


[285] 4. Teresa's Proposal (2)

"So you can't accept me?"

Woorin scratched her cheek with a sorry expression.

"I want to help you too, but there are many kingdoms with Teresa's daughters as my competitors. Especially since I'm young, I don't want to show off yet. Kazra is not a very good foundation either. There's no need to provoke my sisters from the start, right?"

Shirone felt a bitter feeling. 14 years old. It was the age of the girl sitting in front of him.

'You're really amazing, Woorin.'

He also realized how ridiculous his appearance was a few days ago.

He still felt chilly now that he understood the essence of the king, but what kind of guts did he try to face this woman before?

"Okay. If there's no room for negotiation, I'll leave. I have to find Amy."

Shirone got up from his seat as if he didn't need to hear more.

If it was his misunderstanding, everything would go wrong, but it was inevitable.

Even if the risk is high, he can't miss the time to act. Because there is no foolish person who misses the opportunity in the king.

"Good luck."

His heart sank as he heard Woorin's farewell. But he didn't show it and walked toward the door.

He can't show hesitation or fear. He has to give up everything and leave this room.

'I don't need Ataraxia. Is that really so?'

Maybe it's not that important to Woorin.

But if there is a bit of benefit, no matter how trivial, he doesn't want to give it to others.

Shirone walked holding a small hope like a lifeline.

He didn't get any reaction from Woorin while turning the doorknob.

The door opened and his eyes closed.

This was the end of everything.

"But if..."

Shirone's steps stopped abruptly.

"If I make the most concessions... That is, if I mortgage your future."

Shirone slowly turned his body and looked back at Woorin.

"You can get a chance to negotiate with me, Teresa's daughter."

"A chance to negotiate?"

Is it just sitting at the negotiating table that he can get by mortgaging Ataraxia? And that was an opportunity he had to get by mortgaging his future.

"Yes. Negotiation. I can't help you just like that. As I said before, I don't want to put myself in danger. There is one condition. It's not a difficult condition, but anyway, if you agree to this condition, I'll be on your side."

Shirone lifted his chin as if to tell him to say it.

"Spend the night with me tonight."

"What, what?"

It was absurd as a condition reached after a fierce psychological battle. What does it mean that he has to spend the night with her?

Woorin added as if she read Shirone's thoughts.

"Don't worry. I didn't mean it that way. I just want to be with you tonight. Well... If you have any other thoughts, you can try it."

Shirone's face crumpled.

"What are you talking about? You are my half-sister."

"That's something we have to find out after a paternity test. And it's not really important. Same-sex marriage is common for royalty who can take over a kingdom with their charm."

Shirone couldn't understand. It felt like he had solved a series of difficult problems and encountered a nonsense quiz at the end.

"Why? What does that condition have to do with helping me?"

Woorin sighed reluctantly and told her story for the first time.

"Teresa's family has been women who have ascended to the emperor's throne for generations. I don't know how it sounds, but men are just tools that are consumed according to their use for us. That's why Teresa's daughter doesn't keep a man who loves another woman by her side. If you want to go to Amy, I can't accept you either."
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone accepted it. It was not strange that the women of the Teraze family had such rules.

But Uorin was mistaken. Amy was her favorite friend in the world.

"I know what you mean. But I don't have Amy in my heart."

Uorin's lips curled slightly.

"It seems that Zion oppa is interested in her."

Something hot surged in Shirone's chest.

"Of course, nothing will happen if she refuses. He is a person with strong self-esteem, so he doesn't treat women who reject him aggressively."

It was a relief if Uorin's words were true. But the fire that had already stuck to his heart did not seem to go out.

Uorin clapped her palms and said.

"Well, then let's do this. I just want to confirm oppa's feelings. From this moment on, I will guarantee Amy's safety, of course, everyone's. All I have to do is order someone right now. Just stay with me tonight."

He didn't know what kind of threat Amy had received to follow Zion, but he could get out safely if he accepted Uorin's offer. Besides, his family and Reyna's safety were guaranteed. There was no reason not to accept it.

"Where did Zion take Amy?"

"I can't tell you yet, before oppa makes a decision. It's a very simple thing. Oppa just has to trust me. Show me that I'm more important than that woman."

The tremor that started from his fingertips spread throughout his body. Everything was going his way, but he couldn't make a decision.

Because he couldn't confirm it.

Was human beings so bound by their five senses? Why should he follow her words without knowing what to believe?

There was no evidence that Uorin was not helping Zion. If Uorin lied, Amy would be in great danger.

"Why are you hesitating? I'm Teraze Uorin. I don't lie, and this offer is what oppa wanted, isn't it? As long as you prove that you don't have another woman in your heart, I will tolerate oppa. I won't spare any support for improving oppa's skills, and when you become emperor, oppa can also become the world's best magician."

It was a dreamlike story for Shirone. And she had the ability to turn that dream into reality.

Even the Grand Magician wanted to work under Uorin and wrote a resume. It was a situation where such a huge opportunity was in front of him.

Shirone, who was lost in thought, finally made a decision.

"I'll go to Amy. I won't accept your offer."

Uorin sighed as if frustrated.

"Do you mean to throw away an amazing opportunity to connect with Teraze? No, more than anything, you can protect your family that oppa cherishes so much. But are you going to make everything bubble up because of a mere woman?"

"That's right. That's what I'm going to do."

Uorin closed her mouth as if shocked. But there was no resignation or regret on Shirone's face.

"But Uorin, that's everything for humans. Only what they see and feel is the real world. Even if you really save Amy, it's just a world that doesn't exist if I can't confirm it. I can't leave Amy in danger that I can see, in safety that I can't see. That's why I have to go to Amy."

Sadness flashed in Uorin's eyes.

"You live so hard. It would be easy if you just choose."

Shirone smiled bitterly. He often thinks so himself. But that's the shackles of intelligence. Once you know, you can't help but act.

"I know it was a great opportunity. And how much you compromised to help me as the heir of the emperor. I'm not doubting you. But I have to go."
```

Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]


```
Woorin walked up to Shirone and hugged his waist, burying her face in his chest.

"Oppa, you're such a fool. I'm sorry I couldn't do anything for you. Personally, I really liked you. I wish you luck in your future."

Then she stepped back a few steps and spilled the information that Shirone wanted to know.

"Go to the gallery. That's the only place where you can avoid people's attention. It's also where you go whenever you seduce women."

A fire burned in her heart again. As Shirone finished preparing to leave, Woorin took something out of her pocket
[Translated block]


```
Woorin leaned his head over the back of the chair and looked up at the ceiling with a faint smile.

"Maybe if you keep reinventing yourself, you'll get there someday."

The cat did not answer.
```

Did I translate it correctly?
[Translated block]