


[295] 6. A Huge Secret (4)

Amy, who was hurt by the fact that Sirona didn't give her any gold coins, felt a little better when she saw a friend from school out of the blue.

"I want to see some weapons. Is it okay to look around?"

Nade smiled kindly and suggested shopping.

"Sure, go ahead. There are all kinds of things here. By the way, you guys are pretty active even in this weather. I was going to close early because I felt depressed. Maybe it's because of the rain."

Amy carried her backpack and looked at various weapons.

They had basic equipment. The most fortunate thing was that there were no mage equipment.

If there were magic items, it would be ridiculous to insist on not buying them with someone else's money, so she felt more comfortable.

Amy glanced at the items on display and found a weapon hanging on the wall in a glass case.

"Huh? What's this?"

The paper under the case said <First Thunderstrike>.

Nade brightened up and said.

"Oh, that's our pride. It's a weapon that makes a thunder sound when you swing it. Amazing, right? I tried it before and it was powerful. Any monster would be scared and run away!"

She had heard a childhood story of Sirona from Lian on the carriage leaving for Galliant.

He succeeded in creating a thunderstrike at the age of twelve, and it seemed to be such a precious memory for him.

Amy looked at the price tag. And she opened her eyes wide in disbelief.

"5.9 billion gold?"

"Hahaha! Of course. It's our pride! It has to be worth that much to get it."

Armin came behind Amy.

"Probably no one can buy this in a normal way. I don't know how the economy works in this world, but even if I add up all the money of me and Reyna, it's only 17 gold. It would be impossible for even your parents to withdraw 5.9 billion."

Amy understood. But she felt a bit regretful and asked while stroking her chin.

"Hmm, what if a grave robber tries to rob this?"

"It might be possible. It's an object that is filled with Sirona's intense will, so it would be easy to convert it into an objet. Money, well, they would either collect it or steal it illegally. But if I were a grave robber, I wouldn't steal this."

"Because you don't need it."

Armin nodded and agreed.

"Yes. The more an objet breaks common sense, the more valuable it is. It's not very unusual that a thunder sound comes out of an axe. It's just a matter of succeeding in making a thunderstrike. Maybe most of the objects in level 11 are like this. This is the surface, so there is no room for human's intimate desires to show up. Therefore, <First Thunderstrike> should be interpreted as a precious memory rather than a desire."

Amy understood the physiology of an objet. And she realized how bad Arius was.

This world belongs to Sirona. He is the most precious spirit to him, no matter what others think. Arius, who kills people to rob him, must be arrested.

Armin walked to the window and looked outside and said.

"Anyway, we don't need to be greedy as law-abiding citizens. If we're not going to rob, it's just a dream object anyway. You don't have to be picky. Just arm yourself enough to protect yourself."

Amy tilted her head and asked.

"For self-defense? Aren't you choosing them to face Zion and Arius? Even if we arm ourselves perfectly, it won't be enough."

Armin didn't leave the window and said.

"I'll explain that when we go out. Just choose for now."

Reyna pondered with her chin resting on her hand.

The Ogent family was a family that revered swords. And the weapon she was most confident in was also a sword.

"Do they sell bows here too?"

A smile appeared on Armin's lips.

"That's a good choice."
[Translated block]


```text
It was so dark outside that it was impossible to tell friend from foe. In that case, ranged weapons would be more useful than melee weapons. Especially with her hearing, she would have a high accuracy rate with a bow.

Reina examined the bow that Nade had picked for her. It had a strong tension and the curve of the bow was not twisted.

She had learned that a bow was a weapon that could create variables when she learned martial arts. She also had a solid foundation because she often went hunting unlike other nobles.

"I like it. I'll take this one. And a quiver and arrows too."

"Good. I'll give you the best quality ones. Wait a minute."

While Nade went to the warehouse behind the counter to find the items, Reina asked Amy, who was looking around.

"Are there no magic weapons? Should we go somewhere else?"

"It's okay. Magicians don't really need tools, you know."

Amy summoned a jack-o-lantern next to her face.

"And I have a weapon that Shirone gave me."

Amy regretted saying that as soon as she spat it out. Emphasizing that Shirone had given it to her only made her more miserable.

But it was already spilled water, so she pretended not to know and turned her body.

Armin leaned his back against the window and crossed his arms.

'Jack-o-lantern. That's an ancient magic. She got a pretty hard-to-get item.'

Armin also knew the approximate price of the community because he had been to heaven for some kind of mission.

Ancient magic could be obtained with elixirs, and a jack-o-lantern would require at least a white elixir.

Shirone and Amy must have been very close.

But still, they didn't withdraw. And the last remark that showed resentment towards Shirone.

'Hmm, that's what it was.'

It could be dangerous. No, in the mental world, this was the biggest obstacle.

'It would be better to make some moves in advance.'

Armin made a decision at that moment when Nade came back with two 20-piece quivers. He asked how much it was and he said 4 gold.

Amy approached Armin and whispered.

"Isn't that too expensive? A bow set is half the value of your trustworthiness."

"It is expensive. But that means it's top-notch. Maybe it has some other abilities added to it. 'The owner of this world' is not the type to eat others up. Of course, this boy Nade could be a human who cheats on people usually, but judging from the fact that he entrusted <The First Thunderbolt>, he seems to be a friendly projectile."

Armin referred to Shirone as 'the owner of this world' because Nade was listening.

Having experienced how sensitive the keywords were to the projectiles at the inn, Amy quickly understood and nodded.

"Yes. Nade is not a kid who would casually pass on low-quality items."

Reina paid 4 gold. She didn't need money anyway when she met the owner of this world.

Reina put one quiver on her back and one on her thigh. Then she put three arrows between her fingers and placed them on the bowstring, ready to go.

Amy also floated a jack-o-lantern and looked at Armin.

There were only two of them, but their hearts were no different from an army facing an attack.

"Are you ready? We're going to meet 'the owner of this world' now."

Reina asked.

"But where do we start looking?"

"We don't have to go far. He's everywhere anyway."

Armin looked up at where Nade was. Then Amy and Reina stepped aside to make way for him.

"Do you know where Shirone is?"

Amy was startled.

Nothing big happened, but she didn't want to experience the situation where people's eyes were focused on them like at the inn again.

As expected, Nade looked at Armin without blinking an eye. But maybe because he was a complex projectile, he didn't act like an idiot like the innkeeper.

"Why are you looking for Shirone?"

Armin's mouth curled up. This weapon shop was indeed a place where Shirone's consciousness was highly concentrated.
```
[Translated block]


'Then I can't miss this opportunity.'

Armin raised the intensity of the keyword.

"Shirone will die soon. We are trying to help him before that."

Amy swallowed her saliva and waited for Nate's reaction. How would Shirone's consciousness react to Armin's words?

Nate looked at Armin with an emotionless face. And he warned in a completely different voice than he had heard before.

"Get out. This is not your world."

Arius realized that he had connected with Shirone's avatar and flinched.

"Are you refusing? Shirone, think again. You need our help. Tell us where you are."

Strange signs occurred in Nate's body, which kept silent. His pupils disappeared and turned into dark caves, and his whole body began to turn black.

"Damn! Is it a failure?"

Armin quickly backed away.

"What's going on? What the hell is going on?"

"It's starting now! Get out!"

As Armin pushed the door with his shoulder, Reyna followed him with her bow loaded. Amy looked back for the last time.

The Nate she knew was gone and a black shadow flew in quickly. She was startled as if her heart was falling and left the store, and the same things were flocking from all sides.

Amy immediately cast Shining magic. As the light soared, the falling raindrops became clear.

Shadows stood inside the curtain of water.

They had human shapes, but their waists were long and their arms were long.

The most bizarre thing was their faces. Like a whirlpool sucked into the abyss, thin lines of light circled in a spiral shape.

"Mr. Armin. What are those......"

"They are egoists."

Amy turned her head slightly and asked.

"Egoists?"

"Don't be fooled by their appearance. Their shapes are ever-changing."

"Shioooooo!"

As the egoists attacked, Armin cast Flicker to escape the encirclement. People ran out of the building and immediately changed to chase him.

Armin cast Flicker continuously. Then his shape disappeared and only the blinking shock waves crossed the space, revealing his trajectory.

Meanwhile, Reyna, who had finished preparing for battle, put three arrows on her finger and shot them in an instant.

The egoist's body burst with a bang and fell to the ground. It was a phenomenon that could not happen in reality.

When one entity was hit, the egoists also immediately sought countermeasures. When Reyna shot an arrow, they twisted their waists like threads and avoided it. But this time Amy's Fire Strike burned their heads.

Even while burning, the egoists continued to attack endlessly. Contrary to the expectation that they would be physically weak, they had considerable power. Compared to the monsters in reality, they seemed to be more than 3 tiers.

Reyna became accustomed to her bow. She ignored the sound of rain and tracked the sound of her opponent and shot predictably, as if the arrow bent and hit the egoist.

"Shioooooo!"

As Armin and Reyna's combo played an active part, Amy was facing an egoist alone in a separate place. It was the strongest entity among the flock and it was an egoist that Nate from the weapon shop had changed into.

Nate's egoist changed his appearance to suit his tactics and pushed Amy back. If he increased his arms to four and stabbed them like awls, he stretched his waist like a mollusk and avoided Amy's Fire Strike machine gun while dancing.

The number of egoists flocking here increased more and more, and all sides were swaying with shadows. Armin's Flicker magic was useless if he left the battlefield, so he couldn't buy any more time.

Amy cast Fire Wall to separate enemies and allies. She concentrated her mind and the wall of fire rose twice as high, burning the egoists standing on the line.

Nate's egoist looked back at it and stopped attacking and stared at Amy intently. Amy remembered Shirone's voice in the store and shouted.
[Translated block]


"Shirone! It's me! Amy!"

Egoist did not answer. But he clearly understood the words. His head tilted slightly at a 45-degree angle.
[Translated block]