


[521] Anonymous Prosecutor (5)

The battle had subsided for a moment.

Already dozens of deaths had occurred, and the thieves were in a state of excitement close to madness, but the incident where Lian cut off the fireball was so surprising that it cooled down the war.

Yacha's anger is expressed in action beyond the law.

Commonly referred to as acting.

Among them, Dinai was Lian's unique skill that broke the opponent's will with his own will.

If expressed in a sentence, it is a repetition of the thesis that 'If you have to do it, you have to do it.', which endlessly overlaps the law and denies all the principles of the world.

"How did you magic...?"

Breeze still couldn't face reality.

Of course, the fireball combined with omnipotence and omnipotence works like real fire in the spirit zone, so it can be cut with a sword.

But the problem is not that he cut the fire, but that the magic itself disappeared.

The magic that suddenly disappeared as if a candle was turned off was not a normal phenomenon even for thieves who were ignorant.

"Is that so...?"

Peycon, the red spear, got up from his seat.

He still couldn't understand the result in front of him, but if he expanded it to the category of strange events, it wasn't completely incomprehensible.

On the battlefield, there are countless rumors that cannot distinguish between truth and falsehood, and among them, there were often heard of prosecutors who had transcendent abilities that could not be implemented with schema.

"I wondered what you believed in and came into the mountains at a young age."

Peycon grabbed the red spear leaning next to the stone chair.

"Kill him with all your might. He is a human being different from the prosecutor we know from his nature."

Following the words of the leader, the officers who were lined up on both sides took out their weapons and glared at Lian with fierce eyes.

"Let's go! It's a total attack!"

As Peycon swung his spear and jumped off the podium, the thieves who had been stunned also regained their senses and rushed towards Lian.

Lian looked at his enemies with a calm gaze.

'Don't be obsessed.'

Lian put all his will into every moment of judgment, and every time his great sword swung, his enemies were cut off.

It was a mechanical separation as if he had drawn a knife on paper with scissors.

Moreover, that was Lian's unique fingerprint of swordsmanship that made him known as a Mach knight.

As the number of thieves fell below 50, Lian began to gain momentum for the first time.

How unreasonable it is for one life to reap 70 lives.

The thieves trembled in fear, and felt as if their hearts stopped when they met Lian's eyes.

"Come here! You bastard!"

Peycon rushed towards Lian with his red spear swinging.

The moment the sword and spear collided, Lian's mind, which had fallen into a state of no-mind, returned to reality for a moment.

It felt like he had collided with an iron wall rather than a person.

'This guy is Peycon.'

Even without the red spear, Peycon's skills were exceptional.

The order of technique tree is muscle strength, nerve, mitochondria.

Especially, muscle strength enhancement, which is the base, was in a state where efficiency was multiplied by using folding as a technique.

"Kahaha! Is this all? Run around like before!"

Lian was pushed back by Peycon's spear technique, which did not give him a chance to rest and stabbed him in.

If it was one-on-one, he would have given up his number, but it was too much to fight against a master while being surrounded by thieves.

Above all, the skills of the officers who helped Peycon were incomparable to those of ordinary people.

'Grandfather, how did you ever think of doing this?'

Ogent Klump came to mind in Lian's head as he fought with all his might.

When he lived under his parents' and siblings' extreme care as the youngest son of his family, he thought that hunting down bandits would be nothing difficult, but when he actually experienced it, he realized how much he had been living rebelliously until then.

'He's still young.'
[Translated block]


Bacon narrowed the gap with his eyes shining.

He shakes a lot whenever a crisis comes.

Of course, I wanted to give him points for overcoming that crisis in the end, but it was obvious that he lacked experience.

'He's just stubborn, but his sense is too low. How did he get up to this level? He should have died sooner.'

That was Bacon's diagnosis, who had lived in the world of swords for a long time.

"Kruk!"

As the blood-stained spear pushed in dazzlingly as if to cut off the lifeline, Lian swung his greatsword hard.

It would have been a counterattack that worked at any other time, but Bacon had perfectly predicted Lian's breathing with a short confrontation.

'Dodge and...'

The greatsword grazed Bacon's nose and went up.

'Stab.'

Bang!

The spear tip twisted his arm and pierced Lian's side about the size of a fist and passed by.

'Huh?'

Bacon's eyebrows lifted slightly as he aimed for the heart.

"Keeeee!"

Lian clenched his teeth and endured the pain, and his pupils rolled up as he showed another afterimage of Hwashin.

Bacon was flustered, unworthy of the name of a veteran.

It must not be something that actually appears.

Some kind of energy emanating from Lian forms a special image through the brain.

There is no limit to space.

Huge.

I don't know what the biggest thing in the world is, but if there is, it would be this thing that seemed to show its teeth.

At the same time, there was a sound like pulling noodles out of water, and black lines popped out of Lian's side and tangled together, quickly restoring the empty space.

'Is the wound regenerating?'

It was a strange phenomenon that could not be explained even by schema.

"Uaaaaa!"

Lian rushed with his whites raised.

Refined anger and other boiling emotions exploded, making him unable to control his body.

The identity of the emotion is aggressiveness.

I want to fight, I want to fight with someone stronger, desire led Lian's sword.

-Smile. Smile.

"Now's your chance! Kill him!"

If he ignored his body's preservation and pulled up firepower, his defense would inevitably be weak.

'No, this is not weak.'

He attacks like a person without life.

"Stab! Just stab!"

You can kill him now.

But in front of the explosive momentum like Musin, the only one who could wield a sword was Bacon among the thieves.

"Stupid kids!"

The remaining personnel are 22.

If you lose more here, you won't be able to turn back then.

Bacon, who had grasped Lian's intention to target the mage Breeze, narrowed the gap by sacrificing his subordinates.

As he continued to make holes in Lian's body with his brilliant spear skills, he heard another hallucination.

-Smile. Smile.

Lian regained consciousness at the voice that sounded like wind blowing from the bottom of a deep valley.

'I'm scared. I'm so scared, Shirone.'

Why did this happen to him?

Even when he ate Imir's arm and regenerated his right arm, or when he got <Idea> and fought countless battles, he didn't hear any hallucinations.

From one day on, I heard it.

Maybe it was when he suffered a near-fatal wound for the first time.

But the problem is that Clump also heard the same hallucination only once in his life.

But why does this hallucination not leave me alone?

The only thing I knew for sure was that this wouldn't last forever.

Lian clenched his greatsword tightly.

'I don't care. As long as I can fight now!'

Kwaang!

Bacon blocked Lian's attack and twisted his face at the shock that felt like his whole body's bones were crumbling.

"Hehe!"

A laugh without substance leaked out in fear.

"Hehehehehe!"

Crack!

As he stuck his body close to the spear shaft and held on, Lian's charge stopped.

Bacon showed a face of madness between the weapons crossed in an X shape.

"Do you want to make a name for yourself in history? Huh? Do you think that's so easy?"
[Translated block]


Who started it first?

The human who did the crazy thing of trying to make a name for himself by defeating the bandits.

"It's over. Your future is nothing but becoming a corpse and becoming food for the birds."

Peycon shouted, turning his head.

"What are you doing! Finish it off!"

No one answered.

'Perhaps ......'

Peycon looked around anxiously with a feeling of anxiety.

There was no one standing.

He had cut down all 120 bandits in three hours.

'Maybe this guy too ......'

He might not know if he would make history.

As he turned his head, thinking that, Ryan said.

"Die."

Oh, I'm dying.

It was an overwhelming force that made me think that it was only natural that I would die.

"Th ......"

As Peycon tried to leave his last words, Ryan's arm rose very slowly.

Seeing the perfectly empty torso, Peycon thought he could live again.

'If you stab your heart ......'

But he realized at that moment.

That he couldn't even move his tongue, let alone his body.

The time difference due to the transcendental relative speed.

In reality, Ryan's arm was moving faster than Peycon's tongue.

The two arms that were denied swung down faster than several times the speed at which they were raised.

Kwaaaaang!

The great sword struck the ground, and Peycon's body split in two with a tremor as if the world was splitting apart.

"Keeeeee!"

Ryan clenched his nose and endured the shock of the body he had lifted over his face.

As his muscles twisted all over his body, he felt as if he was transforming into another creature.

"Hoo."

It was only after five minutes had passed that Ryan was able to lift his waist.

'I'll be sick for two days.'

Anyway, he survived. And with this, he had completely shaken off his responsibility for the Sylvia family.

'I won't waver anymore.'

It was a fight closer to death than life, but it was a great result for Ryan, who learned in real life.

"This is lucky. I really didn't think you'd be here."

Ryan turned his head at the voice coming from the entrance of the mountain vegetable.

"Who are you?"

A tall man in black iron armor looked at the corpses with a sticky look.

Judging by the fact that the servant behind him was holding a pen and paper, he was clearly a nobleman performing a knight.

However, he seemed too old to perform now.

"Are you a knight of Macha? I've heard rumors."

"Knight of Macha?"

Ryan tilted his head at the unfamiliar title, but the man didn't care and pulled out his long sword.

The sword was also black iron and had sophisticated patterns on it.

"As I heard, you are an ambiguous man. But the sight in front of me is clear evidence."

As a murderous intent came out of the man's eyes, which were spread like petals, Ryan's body reacted involuntarily.

He was a master he had never met before.

"It's bandit hunting. Well, when I was young, I used to do it whenever I was bored. Now that I see it, I miss it."

When there was no reaction from Ryan, Lambdas swung his sword and then took his stance again.

"What are you doing? Come on. Don't tell me you don't know what you're doing and wait to die?"

It is common for duels to occur during knight training.

However, Ryan had just annihilated 120 bandits and was not completely free from the aftermath of denial.

"Of course I know."

Ryan smiled and turned to Lambdas.

So the two swordsmen faced each other at a distance of 20 meters.

It was a distance far longer than a sword, but considering the speed of movement of Schema, it was not a distance that could be called far away.

'Come on. I'll peel off your essence.'

At the same time as Lambdas thought, Ryan's figure disappeared.

In the realm of thought, only horizontal flashes that stretched infinitely were visible.
[Translated block]


It seemed like he had drawn Lambda's body, which was made of three dimensions, in two dimensions, and his waist and wrists, and the sword made of black iron, were cut off at the same hardness and fell to the floor.

"......"

Jongja stood blankly with his mouth open, unable to write a single letter on the paper.

As he slowly turned around, he saw Lian stretching out his hand holding a great sword, going down the mountain.

Puff puff puff bang!

Lian's muscles burst from his shoulder to his wrist, exposing his bones, but his fingers were still holding the great sword.

-Smile. Smile.

Feeling the muscles of his right arm reconnecting, Lian moved away from Jongja's sight.

He will become stronger.

He will climb to the end of the world.

'That's where your seat will be. Right, Shirone?'

Only after Lian completely hid his figure did Jongja swallow the saliva that filled his mouth.

His master, whom he had served for 10 years, had died, but he was more moved than saddened.

"The rumor... was true."

The trembling pen tip shook along with his hand and slowly brushed past the paper.

The Knight of Mach

(End of Volume 21)
[Translated block]