


[691] Eyes of God (3)

* * *

Kashan Empire.

Woorin woke up in the secret room of Huangseong Aganos, which no one knew except his closest people.

When he turned his head feeling the cool touch of the water bed, Gando, who is biologically a man but mentally a son, was reading a book.

"Did you wake up?"

Woorin yawned as Gando, who brought water, offered a cup.

"How long has it been?"

"About……."

Gando regretted saying the word 'about'.

"It's been 1 hour and 42 minutes."

"Hmm, it was quite long."

Woorin, who drank water, put on his slippers and passed by Gando.

"You go in often these days."

Woorin had been spending time in Under Coder recently.

"It's fun. It's also fast to get stronger."

The program she linked was a virtual reality world called 'High Gear' created by professional coders.

It is one of the most popular paid contents in Under Coder, and you can enter by taking a dream star exclusively for High Gear code, and the price of one pill is said to exceed 2 million gold.

There, you can modify your body as you like, and there are even cyborgs that have completed 100% mechanization work.

"Is it fun to change your body?"

Gando, who has never touched Under Coder, felt cruel at the thought of body modification.

"Because you get stronger as much as you modify. It's a kind of competitive spirit."

Woorin grumbled, pointing to her ear.

"I need to upgrade the low-frequency detection function. It's really annoying to come in stealth mode."

She wanted to buy it with real gold, but the operators of High Gear were strictly cracking down on cash transactions.

"Well, if you buy everything with money, you might get bored quickly?"

Gando asked worriedly at the sight of her really falling in.

"……What are you doing there?"

"Just, well, meet people and chat, share items or modification information, and fight with the opposing camp."

Woorin said as if she had just remembered.

"That's right, did I level up this time? Level 260. In other words, it means that you can equip Magnan."

Gando didn't know what Magnan was.

"Is that so?"

"Yeah, but it's hard to get into the top 10. The top 10 people are complete monsters. Especially, the control of 'Baeksa' is enough to lose your soul just by looking at it."

In High Gear, Woorin's ranking is currently 17th, and the user code is 'Little Witch'.

She, who was excitedly talking, pointed to Gando and said.

"Do you want to do it together? I'll support you a lot. We're short of attack teams in our camp."

It was the first time Woorin asked to do something together.

It was definitely touching, but Gando was rather bitter.

'Because it's fake.'

In reality, there is nothing that can be shared with Woorin.

"Thank you for your words, but I will refuse. I will help you in reality."

Woorin blinked her eyes.

"Huh? Reality?"

Gando, who understood her intentions, added.

"Of course, this reality where I live may be someone's dream, and it may be all fake."

She, who was lost in thought, smiled and shook her head.

"No, it's not like that, Gando. You shouldn't think that this world might be fake."

"Then……?"

Woorin raised her index finger.

"The correct answer is to think that this world is fake."

"Fake……?"

Woorin, who seemed to enjoy Gando's reaction, sat on the sofa and crossed her legs.

"When you link to High Gear, you can appreciate a level of technology that is far superior to reality, but not all of it was created by the coder. It's about using the many modules floating around in Dreamo."

It is a technology that cannot be applied in Woorin's current world.

"So there may be some rough parts, but I can't feel the difference from reality. Because it's a brain in a hurry."
[Translated block]


"The brain only accepts reality as real.

"But there's an interesting system in High Gear. It's a service that allows you to see how you change on the screen before you modify your body."

Woorin tapped his head.

"It's called an artificial intelligence simulation, and an avatar with the same information as me appears and shows how it responds to various situations."

Gando just listened.

"It's so precise that I can't distinguish between me on the screen and me outside just by looking. The problem is at this point. If I hand over control to me on the screen and command to create a new artificial intelligence simulation, what will happen?"

Woorin spread his arms wide.

"Virtual worlds are created endlessly. The beings in that world will live in reality without even knowing that they are just programs. If billions of worlds have already been created then......"

Woorin asked.

"What are the chances that this place we live in is real reality, that is, the beginning of everything?"

Gando couldn't answer.

"Almost none. It's reasonable to think that we are also in the middle of an endlessly digging system. Could it be fake? No way. This world is 99 percent likely to be fake."

Looking at Gando, whose face seemed shocked, Woorin chuckled.

"Of course, there's a very small chance that this place could be real. It's a good way to live believing that. But I want to suggest a slightly different method."

"What is it?"

Woorin pointed to the bed with a thumb, smiling with his eyes.

"Turn off your nerves and play High Gear with me."

* * *

Shirone's party quickly ran out of the concealment facility area.

Occasionally, the remnants of the Spectrum blocked the road, but they were not their opponents.

As soon as they entered the slums of Radum, starving residents were lurking like wolves, but rather than that, the tension was relieved and the party started walking from then on.

Looking at the pitiful sight of the hungry people rummaging through the trash cans, Kido asked again.

"Listening to your story makes me feel a bit empty. I thought I was living a better life than those humans while I was in Speedkiller. But if this world is also like a dream."

"That's not it, Kido."

Shirone said with conviction.

"Whether this place is any world, the important thing is that I exist."

I breathe and live, and if I don't eat, I die.

"Everything to me is this world, and even if there is something outside the world, it's not the end."

"Hmm, is that so? Well, it seems meaningless to worry about it when I listen to it."

Lian said.

"We survived the battle. We will continue to do so. Because everything we love is here."

Even life was a thing of this world.

"That's right. That's why I'm trying to stop La Enemy. If Angke La becomes a god, all the standards we thought were important will collapse."

"We fight to keep the standards."

Kido laughed with a spear on his shoulder.

"I don't know what it is, but it's grand, isn't it?"

* * *

The core members of the Shirone Mercenary Group found Brooks' mansion each after the mission was over.

Since Jane died, a union employee sent by Rufist was waiting and collected the Nemesis processed into a ring shape.

However, the Nemesis that Shagal took away never returned.

It was two days later that Kargin and Joshua, who had fled from Radum, found a Brooks mercenary broker.

When they safely returned, they were worried about how to live a mercenary life in the future, but when they heard that they were the only ones who survived except for the core members, they were grateful for their cowardice.

After writing a contract for mission failure and leaving the front door, Kargin felt relieved unexpectedly.

"Ha, it's like being reborn."

"What are you talking about? You're an old man who's about to go in."
[Translated block]


Even after hearing Joshua's recitation of the joke, I felt good.

"Haha! That's true. How long can we live? But this is the first time I've felt this way in my life."

Joshua also felt a sprout in his heart.

"I'll go this way. Contact me if you have some money to make. We have to help each other out."

To pay the penalty, he had to earn diligently.

"I was sincere."

Carquin said with a serious look.

"Won't you go with me? If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have had this life."

"Forget it. Let's pretend it never happened. You came back alive anyway, didn't you?"

He didn't think the emotions from Radum would continue here.

"Take care."

Carquin grabbed Joshua's wrist as he was about to leave.

"I love you."

And he said with an expression that seemed to jump into Joshua's shaking eyes.

"Give birth to our child. A pretty child like you."

Tears flowed down Joshua's cheeks.

"Really... Are you hopeless? Why would I be with you..."

There is nothing more important than living in this world.

"Ah!"

Joshua jumped into Carquin's arms with his arms spread out.

"You guys are playing around. How much debt do you have to be like that?"

Brooks, who was watching the scene from the mansion window, grumbled mischievously.

'Even if you expel them, it's not enough...'

They were the ones who were recorded as 'mission failure' instead of 'battlefield desertion' at the request of Shiron, the mercenary captain.

Because he was heartbroken by the death of Benecia, he wanted to feed a large amount of penalty, but Lufist's words that the mercenary's work is entirely based on Shiron's opinion were decisive.

Especially at that time, Lufist's mood was really bad, so if he even half opposed, his neck would have fallen off.

"Boss, Aria woke up."

At the words of his subordinate, Brooks immediately turned his body from the window and walked towards her room.

Aria, who had regained some color after treatment, was preparing to leave.

"Are you leaving already? Rest for a few more days?"

"I've had enough rest. I have to go into Wangseong. I have to write a report too."

She probably had something to deal with, even if Lufist was in charge.

The doctor said she should rest for a week, but her posture, putting on her coat, was not disturbed.

'She's a really cool woman.'

Who knew that a meeting that started with a prank would ignite a real fire in his heart.

"Thank you. I'll contact you."

Brooks blocked Aria's way to the door.

"Wait. I have something to say."

"Do it later. I'm a little busy now."

"I love you, Aria."

"Huh? What did you say?"

"Let's get married. I want to be with you in the future. And have a baby."

Aria, who was looking at Brooks with his arms spread out, turned her body coldly.

"Raise the existing child, human."

"......"

The door closed with a thud.

* * *

The incident of the simultaneous death of the master of the 3 major magic guilds of the Torumia Kingdom was a topic in the capital.

After disbanding the mercenary group and submitting a report to each guild, Shiron was able to embark on the next journey.

"Whew, it's hard. It's not easy to form a team."

Kido, who had his hood deeply pulled down and covered his face, muttered while chewing on the food sold on the street.

"Humans are a race that gives a lot of meaning to death. In fact, when you die, you just have to eat it."

Shiron looked at the lamb skewer that Kido was holding.

"Do you remember eating that?"

"No. If you cook it on fire, the memory disappears. It's not a spell. It's digesting the memory contained in the cells of the creature."

Lian looked at Kido.

"Isn't that a spell?"

Kido, who swallowed the skewer in one bite, sucked his fingers and said.

"What do you know? Anyway, where are we going now? We don't even know where La Enemy is hiding."
[Translated block]
"I have something in mind. But before that, let's stop by somewhere. There's someone I really want to meet. I also have a favor to ask."

"Huh? Who is it?"

Shirone pointed towards the royal castle with a smile.

"The Mercodin family."
[Translated block]