


[506] Wholeheartedly (5)

"Hoo."

Gulp.

As the spirit zone rushed towards Shirone, the scenery refracted towards the center as if trapped in a water droplet.

"Ha."

Gulp.

As he exhaled, this time the spirit zone stretched out towards the world.

The objects around him stretched like rubber, revealing a tense tension.

'Breathe in.'

Gulp.

'Exhale.'

Gulp.

The world was pulsing along with Shirone's breathing.

As the pulsation continued, his mind, which had exploded as a result of the Ataraxia Six-Stage System, began to regain its proper shape as it was gradually gathered.

"This, this can't be..."

Ikael shivered with an unnamed emotion.

It is a characteristic of Elysion that a human's mind can resonate with the things of the world.

But completely suppressing the exploding mind was an event that originated from Shirone's unique enlightenment.

This is definitely a human's realm.

'He reached Prajna.'

Just a year ago, when he passed on Ataraxia, Shirone was still a beginner who had not yet entered the depths of his mind.

Of course, the mental state of Geumgangtae is not the realm of a 10-year-old boy who is not his brother, but Prajna is a mental system of an incomparable stage with that.

From Ikael's point of view, it was a process that required at least 1,000 years of practice for normal humans, but he skipped it in one go.

Gulp. Gulp. Gulp.

The contraction and expansion of the spirit zone became faster.

Drdrdrdrdrdr!

As if receiving centripetal force, as the size decreased, the speed of pulsation hit the world countless times.

And finally, Shirone's eyes opened wide.

Mental transcendence-Prajna.

As the spirit zone disappeared, golden ripples burst out of Shirone like flames.

His whole heart built his mind and Shirone's avatar revealed itself beyond his mind in the real world.

'That's...!'

The first thing that comes into view is Armand's avatar.

Armand's entity integrated with Shirone's avatar was in the form of smooth armor that glittered like gold melted, unlike the monster-like appearance in reality.

Shirone's avatar shone brighter than that, and huge wings of light spread out on both shoulders.

A being who has thrown away his mind and realized his true avatar.

That was Prajna.

Hooohohohohoho!

As soon as he saw Prajna, black aura spread from Piel's body and shook the sky.

'Prajna?'

It was too deep a realm for humans to reach, so he didn't even consider that possibility.

And also because of that, it was Prajna that Anke Ra desperately tried to stop by guarding it.

There are rarely those who ascend to Prajna among the immortals who have gained eternal life in the land of heaven.

But even they are strictly controlled by Anke Ra's will, so they have their own community and do not rebel against rebellion, and that is the organization that commands the third thousand Shehakim, Shilohoe.

'Eliminate Prajna.'

As Piel jumped out like smoke, Ikael blocked Shirone with her weakened body.

The moment he saw Piel's face that seemed to be sucked into the abyss, he realized that there was no chance of winning, but her feet were firmly rooted to the ground.

Kiiing!

At the same time as Piel tried to pierce Ikael's torso, a golden flash came in like a bend and blocked her front.

An afterimage overlaid on Shirone's body as if an avatar had been added cast magic at Piel.

Graaaaaaaaa!

A huge flash of photon cannon pushed forward.

The hard ground rolled like waves, and Piel's silhouette fluttered like ash in the white light.

"Keeeee!"

Piel spat out a groan with both hands crossed in front of him where the flash had passed.

His mind exploded by Ataraxia Six-Stage System was fully focused on his avatar, so his power became stronger.

"Piel! Stop it now! We can't lose any more archangels!"
[Translated block]


Satiel flew in late and shouted, but only Siron's death remained in Piel's glory.

Hoooh!

Piel's white robe burned in the heat as his body blended into perfect darkness and covered Siron.

No longer an angel, only Piel had the will to destroy Siron's avatar began to flicker as if losing light.

'I will not forgive you.'

Siron rushed straight toward the darkness that was full of death.

Ataraxia is impossible.

Because the concept of amplification still works for him.

'I will not forgive you!'

But he still had one more weapon left.

Valhalla Action!

The wheel of light unfolded and the trigger that reversed cause and effect was activated.

'You alone...'

Siron clenched his teeth.

Ikael's scream, her tears, her pain.

Everything flashed through his head for a moment, igniting his determination.

"I'll never forgive you!"

As the dying avatar burned again, the darkness swirled and a scream rang out.

Hoooh!

An avatar contains a lifetime of one being.

As Arin had discovered early on with her super-vision, Siron's avatar had light and the law of that light tore apart the law of darkness.

"Keeeee!"

As Siron reached out with both hands and rushed, black smoke followed him and gathered between his hands.

A moment later, the smoke condensed and Piel's form in an angel's robe materialized again.

"Kuku! Kukukuku!"

Even in a situation where his neck was choked by Siron, Piel let out a strange laugh.

It was a laugh that came out because it was absurd.

'This is Banya.'

A situation that he couldn't even imagine before today's war broke out.

Who would have known that he, who was the most adept at leading death among the eight archangels, would be pushed this far by a mere human?

'But in the end, human.'

One side of Piel's lips rose to where his cheek was.

"You must be angry."

Siron's face twisted at the mocking tone.

Even at this moment, Valhalla Action was waiting for some input of results, but no matter how hard he thought, he couldn't find a way to destroy Piel.

"That's your limit."

Siron's skills were something that even Piel had to admit.

The archangel's ability Ataraxia and the angel's ability Valhalla Movement, absorbing the characteristics of the strongest species in hell, as well as the function of the magic sword Arman that absorbed One Mind One Body and strengthened the avatar.

The powerful mental power of Immortal Function and the magic using God's Particle, which is Unrocker's enlightenment.

There he also conquered Geumgangtae's mental state and Elysion, which is Gaia's spirit.

And finally, he reached the realm of Banya, where he brought out his true avatar.

It was too much for one human to conquer, and it finally reached its peak when it combined with Ataraxia Sixtan System, a huge trigger, and arrived here as a result.

But even that wasn't enough to push Piel to extinction.

If Ataraxia is an archangel's ability, then Apatheia is also an ability that matches its power.

What he got from the cancellation of amplification and destruction was only making the archangel kneel once.

Even if he could suppress him, it was impossible to wipe out Piel completely with the ultimate shield of destruction.

"That's human. It was a creepy struggle, but it was just a struggle."

Piel shouted in a voice that seemed to tear apart as if trying to unfold his crushed pride.

"You can't reach an angel's mind even if you throw your whole heart!"

In front of his uncharacteristic excitement, Siron's eyes became cold like absolute zero.

"No."

The golden avatar expanded a little more and completely covered Siron's body.

"Not yet."

Valhalla Action started again and spun quickly.
[Translated block]


Shirone, who emitted a terrifying radiance from her eyes, bit her teeth and entered the result.

'I need more power.'

Valhalla Action accepted Shirone's endless desire without filtering.

'More powerful! More! More! More!'

As the desire was mediated by the Akashic Record, the result of the causal exchange finally came out.

A power that was confident enough to eliminate Piel.

The price to pay for borrowing that result was a whopping 127 years, 9 months, 17 days, 43 minutes and 5 seconds.

A payment method that was so inefficient that it made her vomit blood.

This stemmed from the fact that advancing a specific action and advancing the level of the future were completely different.

While a fixed time is calculated for the action of moving from A to B, enhancing mental power does not necessarily correspond to time.

There would be countless variables such as potential, effort, training method, recovery status, etc. that would block the result of increasing the power of magic, and therefore it was clear that the interest of time had been attached to compound interest enough to make even a vicious loan shark stick out his tongue.

The equivalent exchange of desire and possibility.

Shirone was determined in front of the result that she had to borrow by giving up her life.

'I don't care.'

As Shirone's approval fell, Valhalla Action began to reverse cause and effect.

"I don't care, as long as I can get rid of you."

That was the heart of throwing away her whole life, which even Piel had overlooked.

It was Shirone's wholeheartedness.

Valhalla Action-Photon Cannon.

Kuaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

A flash burst in front of Shirone.

If you look at the scene from outside heaven now, the flash would surely stretch out like a ray, but in the eyes of everyone who looked closely, it just seemed like a huge barrier was pushing forward.

"Keeeeeeeeeeuk!"

Piel, who was grabbed by the neck, raised both hands and blocked his face.

But in front of him, where astronomical mass was spit out at tremendous speed, even an archangel had no choice but to succumb to force majeure.

Hooohoooooooo!

First his left arm fell off and then his right arm and both legs were torn off at the same time.

His whole body was dismantled and the dark energy that made him up spun like a dragon, but that too was only a moment.

In the end, before he pushed 100 meters, Piel had already become a handful of dust and disappeared to the end of the world.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The photon cannon fired from Aravot in the center of heaven stretched out to Mako-Nom, the city of fairies.

And then it destroyed countless areas there and pierced through the outer wall of heaven and disappeared into hell.

"Pa, Piel......?"

Satiel shuddered.

She could not find any trace of Piel's presence in the aftermath of the flash that cut through heaven.

A human being had annihilated an archangel.

A being who was treated as a commoner in heaven enough to be inferior had trampled on the highest being in heaven.

'That's right. In the end, what Ra's will is......'

Satiel finally realized what Metiel wanted to say at the moment before he died.

'Humans have come up to their chin.'

Even Mara had been treated as a god by humans at one time. And everything that happened in heaven was their mythology.

But now, the curtain of that mythology was about to be lifted.

'Satan.'

Satiel snapped out of it and looked back at Jebool.

With Piel's annihilation, the law of evil would have become stronger.

"I have to find Rael!"

Cariel would disappear, and even Ikael would be incapacitated.

She had to gather as many angels as possible and at least prevent the situation from worsening.

'Before Ra's will is activated......!'

Satiel made a decision and glanced at Ikael for a moment before spreading her wings of light and flying up.

Kurururururung.

As if proving her thoughts, structures were breaking and collapsing in Jebool in the distance.

"Demons like......!"

Satiel's eyes flashed with bloodlust as she found something.

Metiel's enemy, a red lump of flesh rising like a cloud in a gray smoke.
[Translated block]