


[488] New variable (1)

'Dawn breaks.'

In the midst of the chaotic battle, Shirone sensed the sky brightening.

Her pupils, which Armand had expanded to absorb as much light as possible, gradually narrowed, and the expressions of fear on the faces of the Kergo warriors became clear.

"Kill them! Don't back down!"

Even the face of the Kergo chieftain who shouted like that was pale with terror.

They had been hunting heretics for hundreds of years and honing their schema, but the Elysion that Shirone wielded was truly an unknown territory.

The boundary line of the Spirit Zone disappeared and dozens of photon cannons swept across the space as if scratching it.

The enemy's blades could not cut Armand, and the tentacles endlessly sucked in corpses and gave Shirone vitality.

And finally, when the multi-rage exploded, a bizarre scream filled the surroundings.

Dozens of light sources glowed and wiped out the entire Kergo hunting party.

Shirone's eyes were full of sadness.

She had come with dozens of reasons to fight in her head, but every time a life was extinguished, so was a reason, and now she didn't even know what she was fighting for.

'I'm scared.'

As a mage, as a member of Gauld's team, she didn't come to heaven without that much determination.

What she truly feared was her own appearance, who had become numb even to that determination and felt no emotion at all.

"Lian."

Shirone's face, which had been calm, suddenly twisted and tears flowed.

"I'm so scared, Lian."

"There they are! Chase them! Don't let them go!"

The heretic hunters came after her again.

As long as Shirone was spreading the smell of blood, they would chase her wherever she went.

The moment a Kergo warrior who approached like an arrow slashed his crescent blade vertically, Akamai's pupils activated Antithesis.

Before his movement stopped, Armand's tentacles burst the enemy's face.

The ensuing battle was a one-sided slaughter like before.

Kuzen's metabolic ability did not allow Shirone to fatigue.

Ringer's armor did not allow wounds, and Kenser's absolute recovery did not allow injuries.

Inside the reinforced body with all kinds of abilities, Ultima System embedded magic in all the spaces that Jikji recognized.

Akamai suppressed the enemies, Galtoomic's magic amplification maximized the power, and the approaching enemies were cut down by the tentacles' blades.

'Damn it! It's a monster! It's not human!'

The pursuers who thought that Shirone had only symbolic significance as the light of Sector 73 were terrified by her overwhelming power that was no different from a godless one.

'Elysion!'

Shirone's eyes flashed through the world with Jikji, and countless photon cannons were born from the ground and soared into the sky.

It was a sight like a huge flash erupting in bursts.

It was extremely difficult for humans with eyes on their heads to adapt to attacks that came up from below their feet, and they lost their lives without even getting close to Shirone.

Another round of battle ended and a miserable sadness swept over her like a wave.

"Peope."

Shirone put her hand on her chest and checked Peope's condition.

She was still breathing but her life force was much lower than before.

That faint life force whipped Shirone's mind.

"I have to go to Arabot."

Shirone's robe, darkened by the blood of countless beings, quickly absorbed the blood and converted it into energy.

With that power as a basis, Shirone moved forward rapidly.

As she approached her destination, the number of pursuers decreased significantly.

It wasn't without the influence of Arabot's sacred aura, but she also thought that something big might have happened in other areas besides Shehakim.

Finally Arabot's walls came into view and Shirone teleported to one place and stopped.

'This is the first point.'

Sain designated three points where he could cast God's Punishment, and Shirone also learned the falling trajectory accordingly.
[Translated block]


If you cast magic here, heaven will be destroyed.

But Shirone ignored the point and walked on.

Unless a special tactical order came down, God's punishment was promised to be cast at the closest point from Arabot.

Just don't go past noon.

It would have been better if Flue was there, but the result would have been the same anyway.

'I'm going to meet Ikael. Wait a little, Peope.'

Shirone flew straight up and crossed the wall of Arabot.

It was the first situation to arrive at Arabot, both for Gaold's team and the rebels.

Shirone stopped for a moment at the second point.

Even though he was close enough to see the spire where Anke Ra lived, there was no one to stop him.

The place where Shirone could finally meet someone was 2 kilometers away from Arabot, past the third point.

The Archangel of Amplification, Ikael, was waiting for Shirone with the spire on his back.

"You finally came, Shirone."

How many lines did he cross?

There was no emotion in his eyes that seemed to be dry.

Even facing Ikael's obvious hostility, Shirone did not waver in his steps.

"I have a favor to ask."

"I refuse. You and I are enemies. If you come any closer, I'll have to kill you. No...."

Ikael's body tilted slowly.

She had a clear reason to block her mind.

"Anyway, I'll kill you."

Bang! The air exploded and Ikael disappeared.

Where she appeared was right behind where Shirone was standing.

Ikael's fist, which had rushed in with amplified speed, cut through the air and stopped, and her brow narrowed.

Shirone was already standing 10 meters away from Ikael.

Above his head, Ikael's judicial wheel of light, Valhalla Action, was spinning.

Even though he was degraded to a fallen angel and most of his power was restrained, the ability of the judicial wheel of light was the same as the unique power of other angels.

It was natural that Ikael thought of the connection of Ataraxia that he had taught himself when he saw Valhalla Action.

'He uses two kinds of angelic justice.'

It was impossible for anyone in heaven, and therefore Shirone had to die.

Ikael made a decision and flew again.

It was so fast that only afterimages could be seen even with Arman's nervous system enhancement.

Bang! The air exploded again and Ikael threw a punch.

"......"

But this time too, Shirone's figure was gone.

Ikael's Valhalla Action consumes all the time for the cause in exchange for preceding the result.

Giving time to Shirone was clearly her judgment.

But she didn't think it was a mistake because she thought it was impossible to avoid this time anyway.

'How did he see it?'

Ikael slowly turned his head and confirmed Shirone who had gone behind his back.

Arman's tentacles were fluttering and ready to fight.

But what surprised her more was what she couldn't see.

Shirone's mental center of gravity had disappeared.

And it was clearly Gaia's ability that remained vividly in her memory.

"Elysion?"

She muttered unknowingly and frowned painfully.

He had already sorted out his thoughts, but another sensation was trying to connect with the other side of oblivion.

'I shouldn't try to remember.'

That was Anke Ra's will.

She quickly recovered her mind and changed back to a cold look.

"You've gotten much stronger. In just a few days."

He perceives with Ultima System and avoids with Valhalla Action.

It was possible, but Ikael didn't think anything but foolishness.

"Is that all you have to face me?"

He can only avoid it once anyway.
[Translated block]


If you attack, you can never avoid it because of the nature of Valhalla Action.

No, in fact, it was unnecessary.

Knowing the level of Shirone, he could have moved so fast that he couldn't even sense it.

Ikael's gaze turned to the fairy who had dried up miserably as Shirone took out Peope who was holding him in his arms.

"She's still alive. You should be able to revive Peope."

Peope was a familiar name to Ikael.

He was the fairy who brought him when Shirone first came to heaven.

But now it was a wartime situation, and Peope was a heretic who helped Shirone.

"Don't be mistaken, Shirone. You can't make any deal with me. I wonder if you can survive this time...."

"I know you can kill me."

Ching!

A magic circle of Valhalla Action was born above Shirone's head.

"Archangel Ikael must be the strongest being in heaven."

"......What are you trying to say?"

Shirone looked up at the magic circle floating above his head and said.

"Valhalla Action reverses cause and effect. That means that any action can reach the result immediately...."

Ikael's voice became fierce.

"Are you mocking the archangel right now?"

All the laws of angels are in Ikael's head.

Because she is the source of all laws.

"So I'm explaining. If you reach the result already, you can never go back."

Shirone turned his gaze back to Ikael.

"There are several spells on this Valhalla Action. I'm going to amplify the laser with Ataraxia and shoot it into the sky. Then a new spell will be cast at an altitude of 6,000 kilometers. Using God's particles that compress mass. Then a light spear with a mass of 10 tons by this planet's standards will be completed."

Ikael's face began to distort gradually.

"And that spear will fall exactly on Arabot."

"Shirone...."

It was possible.

Ikael knew that fact better than Uriel's destruction or Kariel's birth.

The biggest problem was Valhalla Action.

Shirone's explanation was verbose, but using Valhalla Action's law, all that would happen in an instant.

"I'm sorry to think about it. Using the magic you taught me like this. I can't tell you the point. You'll be able to kill me before I cast the spell. But in the end there will be no way to stop me. So...."

Shirone pushed Peope with a desperate look.

"Save this fairy. He became like this to save me. Let me do what I can."

Ikael shook his head as if to shake off the conflict.

Peope was not the problem.

If Shirone activates God's punishment, there will not be many beings who can survive in heaven.

No, even an archangel would be annihilated by such a powerful force.

"If you cast that spell, do you think you can live? The price of Valhalla Action will keep you from moving for a very long time. If you do that, your life will also disappear."

"Don't you still get it?"

As Shirone approached, Ikael backed away as if to keep his distance.

She was not inferior to any being in heaven in terms of power, but currently all options were with Shirone.

"I have a mission to destroy heaven. But if you save Peope, I'll give up that mission. So...."

Shirone stopped his steps closer than before.

"Whatever decision you make, it doesn't matter if I die."

Ikael's nose wrinkled.

All the circumstances and situations were perfectly organized in his head, but he couldn't make any choice.

"......"

Purrong. Purrong.

In the midst of a long silence, the sound of war fire came from the first to sixth heavens.
[Translated block]