


```text
[412] Task Force (4)

Shirone and his party followed Mahatu through the complex maze.

The warriors who learned that he was the lion of God knelt down in unison, and received the hospitality of the tribe even after entering together.

Unlike Kadum, who offered a huge sacrifice to the lion of God in order to gain eternal life, Mahatu operated Kergo's funds transparently.

The lives of the tribesmen improved, and the faces of those passing by were full of vitality.

Shirone, who had opened the door of Geofin and headed to heaven, was not fighting for Kergo, but he was their savior.

"I would like to have a festival if I wanted to, but it seems that the situation is urgent."

"Yes. I have to go to heaven as soon as possible."

Mahatu did not ask about the situation in heaven.

Kergoans still worship Anke Ra and revere angels, but what was most important to him was the lives of the tribesmen.

Sein asked.

"How many people are waiting? I heard it was saturated earlier."

Anyone can go to heaven when Unrocker opens the door of Geofin, but Miro prevents indiscriminate heaven-going by creating a room of achievement and sacrifice so that only selected warriors can pass.

If it is saturated, it means that there are quite a lot of people waiting for Unrocker to come here.

Mahatu awkwardly moistened his mouth.

"Actually, not that much. About 7 people."

"That's weird. But why did you block access?"

"That's... actually, it's not something I can tell you. But you'll see for yourself."

Gaold didn't care.

Anyway, the only thing he had to see in Kergo was the door of Geofin.

If there is a skilled person among those waiting for heaven, he will take him with him, but it is difficult to match the level of his team members.

"It's okay. Let's go and see, and get rid of it quickly."

Mahatu quickened his pace as if to show his sincerity.

The place they arrived was a huge iron gate with a giant sculpture engraved on it.

"This is the warrior's room. There are warriors who want to go to heaven here."

When Mahatu opened the iron gate, Gaold quickly entered and followed by his party.

The seven warriors Mahatu spoke of were scattered in different places and watched Gaold sharply.

The swordsman sitting with a sword in his arms asked.

"Are you a warrior or an angel?"

Gaold didn't answer back and checked their faces one by one and said to Sein.

"You have to be at least a public 6th grade. If not, it's not worth evaluating."

A magician in the corner frowned.

"It sounds like you're going to be a public 6th grade."

"What if?"

"Haha! So are you arrogant? Public magicians, I've killed countless. Evaluating skills by grade is outdated. How much hell have you experienced? That's how life and death are divided."

The magician moved his steps while revealing five rings on his right hand.

The man with the sword said nervously.

"Hey, I think I asked first?"

"It doesn't matter. Anyone can go if they have skills. Wasn't that rule?"

The magician who stood in front of Gaold flicked his right hand and gestured him to come in.

"Teach me, the realm beyond grade."

Gaold's index finger pointed at him.

At the moment when the air gun popped, the magician's body slammed into the wall. Spitting blood and crushing his buttocks on the floor, he bowed his head deeply and stopped moving.

"Next."

Shirone squinted her eyes.

He didn't intend to kill him like he did in the bunker underground of the association, but he knew better than anyone else how powerful Gaold's air gun was.

"I also agree with what he said earlier."

An old magician walked into the center while loosening his neck.

"There is a realm beyond grade. But theory is just delusion for those who are not backed by skills. I'm a little different..."

At the same time as the magician's face crumpled on one side, Gaold's backhand hit his face as he teleported.
```
[Translated block]


The wizard, whose head shook from side to side like a punching bag, fell like a log.

"Next."

The five people who watched two people drop out in an instant did not move.

They were not a team that just dreamed of getting rich on the edge of heaven.

They were clearly a task force with a purpose in heaven.

When no one stepped forward, Gaold pointed to the swordsman sitting with his sword in his arms.

"Hey, you. Didn't you say something about the order earlier?"

The swordsman clenched his mouth and glared at Gaold.

Then he suddenly relaxed his expression and raised both hands as if he couldn't stand it.

"Huhu, I give up. Recognizing your skill is also...! Ouch!"

Gaold, who ran like a dog, threw a punch.

The press magic exploded on the swordsman's chin, and his face slid on the ground as he bounced off in the direction he was hit.

"Anyway, they all live with their mouths."

The atmosphere in the room cooled rapidly.

Gaold glanced at the remaining four people who were staring blankly at him and turned his head toward the door.

"Get out. If you don't want to die."

Without anyone being first, the four people scrambled out of the door with their limbs.

Only the unconscious ones and Shiroe's party remained, and a chilly air circulated in the warrior's room.

Gaold dusted off his hands and turned to the door.

"That's it. It's neat."

"There's one more left."

Mahatu entered the warrior's room.

He was definitely a notch above the others here in terms of skill, but in Gaold's opinion, going to heaven was still too much for him.

"What? You want to challenge me too?"

"No. Actually..."

Mahatu hesitated and looked outside the door.

"There's another angel of God. He asked me not to let any more warriors in..."

"Huh?"

Mahatu opened the way and a familiar man came in.

The Eternal Observer, Armin of Light.

"Oh ho."

To catch a big fish, you need a good bait.

Shiina was perfect for catching Armin.

Shiina's eyes turned cold.

How long did he have to treat her like a child before he was satisfied?

But when she saw Armin's face, her tone didn't come out harshly as she thought.

"Why are you here, oppa? Did you forget what I asked you?"

"No, I remember. I didn't come to interfere with your life. I came to keep my promise with myself."

Gaold said.

"Sorry, but that won't work. I don't work with White Line. I can't trust them."

"I left Ivory Tower. Isn't that enough?"

Shiina's eyes widened.

He had given up the magical paradise where only the world's best magicians could enter, like a devotee.

That meant his determination was not ordinary.

"Wh-why? And what about Keira...?"

Armin avoided the details. He just briefly showed a heaviness on his face.

"Shiina, nothing in the world is more precious than you. Heaven is a dangerous place. I can't let you go there alone. For the sake of the people of Olipher School who raised me."

"Shiina is a certified 5th grade magician."

"Kuan..."

Shiina was surprised that Kuan, who was taciturn, opened his mouth.

"I don't know what kind of relationship you have, but I think you're too dismissive. And you don't have to worry about Shiina's life or death. No one will die before I do."

A magician is the position that should survive until the end in a party.

It was a matter of pride for a swordsman that they died first regardless of their skill.

'Kuan...'

The ghost of swordsmanship who cut down two of the continent's strongest swordsmanship group Fengjang.

He seemed to like Shiina.

It was comforting that he had someone to follow Gaold in this situation, but he felt bitter as an older brother.

'Well, what right do I have...'
[Translated block]


Except for Siina, everyone welcomed Armin's joining.

The master of time magic that conquered the speed of light.

Especially, the stop magic that stopped time was the world's strongest crowd control.

"Okay, if you don't care about the White Line, I'll accept it. But I'm the one who commands. If you disagree, I'll kick you out of the team. Keep that in mind."

Armin had no complaints either.

As long as Siina was caught by Bolmo, fighting for the team was the best way.

That's how the maze retrieval team, which had heaven in front of them, was formed with the final 10 people.

'Wow, it's amazing when you look at it together.'

Siroene couldn't believe that she was part of the team.

It was a task force of the best players regardless of white, red, or black.

* * *

Mahatu gave away all the remaining rooms.

The 10 people who each got a separate room had dinner and gathered in the largest room as a meeting room.

The time to open Gepin's door was 6 a.m. tomorrow.

Considering the association's pursuit, it was a way to leave right away, but anyway, they had to sleep first when they crossed over.

Since resting could be a war after entering heaven, it was better to spend the night here.

Gaold spread out the map that Gangnan handed over on the table.

It was a spray chart with dots of various colors marked on the map of heaven.

"Heaven is currently in a great upheaval. There was a revolution among the believers, and the rebels are active. What you see now is a real-time threat map with second-class or higher boundary areas marked. Oh, I guess I should take out the word real-time. It's three months ago."

Gaold's guard who was performing an intelligence mission in heaven sent this map as the last contact and never contacted again.

Sein said.

"According to Estas' verification, there is a need to modify the existing strategy. Checking the state of the maze is a top priority. Depending on the situation, changing the coordinates of the Akashic Record may not make sense."

Etela said.

"If Miro C was kidnapped in heaven, shouldn't we reset from the enemy's status? It means they are already prepared to some extent."

"That's right. Preemptive strikes through infiltration are difficult. We'll have to see the situation first, but we'll use a strategy of infiltrating after causing as much confusion as possible."

Armin said.

"Causing confusion in heaven? There won't be many ways. Do you plan to use the rebels?"

"That's definitely something I have in mind. But the rebels won't move easily. That's why we need ancient weapons Tages. If we can neutralize heaven's interception system 'Aegis', they will change their minds."

Armin shook his head.

"No. Even if we can break through Aegis, there is almost no chance that the rebels will wage a full-scale war. Most of them were believers, so they would know better than anyone how powerful heaven is. It would be an unstoppable force if Mecca and Nor joined forces, but the problem is fear. The engraved fear does not fade easily."

"Fear can be eliminated. Anyway, heaven's trends will be far from our expectations. We'll deal with it then. Anyway, we have the masterpiece."

Siina asked.

"What do you mean? Masterpiece?"

Sein looked at Siroene.

"It's you, Siroene. If you succeed, you can have an effect equivalent to moving all the rebels. So let's hear it now. How are you going to blow up heaven?"

As everyone's eyes focused on her suddenly, Siroene swallowed her saliva with a nervous expression.

It was something that had to be explained before leaving for heaven, but it was different from when she told Gaold.

From now on, every word became a strategy in real battle.

Gaold pushed his chin as if he guaranteed himself.

"Kukuku, there's no need to hesitate, Siroene. In my opinion, it's a very crazy magic."

'That's why I'm more anxious...'
[Translated block]