


[312] The Wheel of Causality (4)

Crouch listened intently with a serious expression.

"But, what should I say... Yeah, if you live endlessly, you can peek a little bit inside the box. From a human perspective, it means you can know who will be unhappy and who will get lucky."

"I see."

Theresa had witnessed countless events from the origin of humanity to the present.

It was not a superpower or magic that she felt an excessive gift before spinning the roulette. It was an understanding of the chaotic pattern obtained by spinning the marble machine too many times.

"I just thought that way."

Woorin cut it short, biting her tongue cutely, as if she thought it was bragging.

Crouch found her adorable. It was an absolute love that he offered to a being that he dared not surpass.

"I always admire your foresight, Your Majesty. Then, what are you going to do from now on?"

"Hmm, Arius couldn't extract Ataraxia even though he was a skilled person. There must be something I don't know. I'm going to ask Zion. It's not like I have no guess."

"Then what about Shirone?"

It was certain that Woorin had brought in the windfall, but he had not heard anything about Shirone's fate yet. If he had taken over the new soldier for a different purpose, he had to move.

"I feel like Shirone is a form of red and blue marbles alternating. I don't know yet. I want to watch a little more for a while. Let him live his life. Just block any external interference. Regardless of faction, organization, institution, or country."

"I understand."

Woorin gave an order worthy of the Three Emperors.

Maintaining Shirone's life as if nothing had happened today was possible because Theresa's world was much wider than Shirone's world.

"And I will inherit Theresa's castle. Tell the sisters in each country to disappear within two years."

"I will obey your command."

There was no need to ask permission from the ruler of Kashan. Woorin's judgment was Theresa's judgment.

He had heard that there were disputes over who would inherit the lineage in the early days of the system. But over time, Theresa evolved herself to a stage where she could accept death.

The sisters would accept it and end their lives when they saw an opportunity.

But that could also happen to Woorin. But why did Woorin decide that she should inherit Theresa's name?

The only difference between her and her sisters was that she met Shirone.

"Can Shirone... stop the final war?"

Woorin looked out the window with satisfaction at her subordinate's insight. The morning was approaching and bright sunlight was shining on the world.

"Huhu, stop the final war? It's not just for that reason that I'm taking over Theresa's name."

"Then..."

"Heaven is also a conquerable territory. It doesn't matter if it's not now. I am an eternal being. Someday I will conquer beyond heaven and the end of the universe."

Crouch opened his mouth blankly.

To conquer the universe. It was an ambition to pull out Anke Ra, the incarnation of Akashic Records, and become God himself.

"Ataraxia will be a shortcut to that future. If Arius fails, it means no one can dig it out. But wouldn't it be different if it were me?"

"If you do..."

"Yes."

Woorin turned to Crouch and put both hands on her chest. Her smile in the sunlight sparkled golden.

"I will become Shirone's daughter."

* * *

The next morning, Kashan Empire's medical staff transferred Shirone to his accommodation.

They took all possible measures, but he still did not regain consciousness. Even if he regained consciousness, they said there was a 50% chance of recovering his sanity.
[Translated block]


Vincent showed tears at the words that he might not be able to become a wizard. Amy and Reyna comforted Olina, who collapsed and sobbed.

"Don't worry. It's just a general story. Shirone's mental power is different from others. He will surely recover perfectly and open his eyes."

Olina, who had a choked throat, nodded faintly.

Vincent, who seemed to have something to feel, wiped his face with his sleeve and comforted his wife.

"That's right, let's wait and see. The medical staff said it was half and half. It's not a desperate situation yet. The more we have to be Shirone's strength."

Olina, who heard that, jumped up. She couldn't be a mother who cried all the time.

She put a wet towel on Shirone's forehead, which was boiling with fever, and prayed with her hands clasped.

Amy, who was a wizard, knew better than anyone how big the shock Shirone had received. That's why she knew that such a temporary remedy had no effect, but she kept her mouth shut because she knew her mother's heart.

Leaving Shirone to Olina, the three quietly left the room.

Anyway, once they had risked their lives, they had to think about realistic problems now. They wanted to pack their bags and go back right away, but currently Kazra's administrative jurisdiction had been transferred to Kashan.

Internal interference was a matter of state affairs. As much as that, the nobles' backlash was not easy, but it was an awkward situation to openly raise their flags because Teraze was Orkampf's wife even though it was a hollow relationship. In the end, they had no choice but to wait until tomorrow when the paternity test was over.

It was a feeling of walking on thin ice to spend a night in an enemy country.

The nobles of Kazra would no longer be able to act, Kashan's medical staff hinted, but they were not relieved. Above all, whether Eliza would endure this was the biggest concern.

Olina slapped the queen's cheek. It was a capital crime for a commoner to commit violence against royalty. Olina would have done the same even if she turned back time, but getting out safely was a completely different problem.

The night that was longer than usual passed and dawn broke.

The attendants of the Ogent family who stayed up all night watching Shirone all had dark circles under their eyes. Contrary to their worries, nothing happened. Kashan's medical staff seemed not to have just said something.

It was the day when Shirone's paternity test came out, so the eyes of Kazra's nobles were focused on the judiciary.

The safe on display in the inner garden was retrieved. Since they adopted an open surveillance system, no one had access to the safe during the exhibition period.

The alchemists opened Caspi neatly matched. If someone wanted to play a prank, this would be the only chance, but no one could think of approaching it since Kashan took control.

The alchemists checked the results and handed them over to Kashan's deputy for inspection, then wrote a report. And before announcing it, they sent a letter to the king's apartment in advance.

Eliza had been sick in bed for two days.

It was shocking that Shirone tried to kill her. And her cheek hit by Olina still hurt. She had a fever of 40 degrees overnight and couldn't sleep at all.

Orkampf, who took care of his wife, was not normal either.

He was burned black by internal interference, and Shirone, his only hope, was under Teraze's protection. Now he only believed in the test results. If Shirone is confirmed to be his biological child, he will be able to gain some say.

'Shirone is needed. I need Shirone.'

Just then, the Minister of Internal Affairs came up with an approval document from the Alchemy Department.

"Your Majesty, the results are out."

Eliza ran ahead of Orkampf and snatched the document. Her nervous hand trembled.

She sat down on the bed and opened the document file. There was one official document with the seal of the Alchemy Department.

The paper that touched Eliza's hand made a rustling sound.

She read down every sentence written on the official document without missing a single letter. Finally, when she saw the result, thick tears ran down her cheek.


---

I hope you enjoyed reading this translation. Do you want me to write more about what happens next? Or do you have any questions about the story or the characters? I'm here to help you with anything you want related to this story. 😊
[Translated block]
She hugged the official document so hard that it crumpled and looked up at the ceiling.

"Ah, our son..."

* * *

Ollina stayed up all night nursing Sirone. Her efforts paid off, as his fever subsided a little by morning. Amy looked at Sirone with pity.

The medical staff of Kashan said that there was a high possibility of waking up within 24 hours. But after a day, it was impossible to guess when he would regain consciousness.

It might take a day or two to wait. But in the worst case scenario, he might have to live as a vegetable for more than a year.

'Well, he cast an absurd magic.'

A monster of the deep 1st stage tore, ripped, and tore out Sirone's mind.

It was like tearing a child's blanket and covering an adult's body. Even considering Sirone's fast growth rate, it was a level that could only be reached after at least five years of training.

She couldn't even imagine how much shock his mind had suffered.

Could he recover?

If his mental endurance lost its elasticity, he would have to live as a cripple forever.

'Ha, what am I thinking right now? Sirone can't do that. Sirone...'

There was a knock on the door. When Reyna opened the door, Eliza's maid bowed her head.

Amy thought that what was supposed to come had finally arrived.

"The Queen is looking for Ollina."

Ollina nodded calmly.

She changed the wet towel on Sirone's forehead to a new one, and only after kissing his cheek did she prepare to leave.

"Let's go. Lead the way."

Vincent followed her with a worried face.

"Honey, let's go together."

"No. I'm the one the Queen called. Don't worry. I'll be back soon."

Ollina also had a reason to confront Eliza.

If the royal assault charge was established, she wouldn't be the only one to be executed. She had to make a deal to protect her family.

The Grand Hall still had traces of the battle. The building debris was cleared away, but the collapsed floor was temporarily repaired with planks, and the broken pillars seemed to have no way of fixing them and were left alone.

The king and queen's clothes were more splendid than ever. Ollina could feel their desperate struggle to hide their humiliation of losing their rule over Kashan.

Eliza looked down at Ollina arrogantly, but when she didn't avoid her gaze, she was flustered.

She was a woman who couldn't even look her in the eye when they first met because she was scared. But why is she now staring at the queen of a country? Because she's a mother? Maybe.

But she couldn't accept it in her heart.

'If our positions were reversed... Could I do the same as her?'

It seemed like something every mother in the world could do, but at the same time, it seemed like something not everyone could do. It was a contradictory thought.

"Do you remember what you did to me?"

Ollina chuckled very softly.

Orkamp thought dust had gotten into his nose, but Eliza, who was a woman, knew for sure that it was a snort.

Her eyes seemed to say this. If there is one thing I regret in my life, it is that I only slapped you once.

"Do you think I'm a pathetic mother?"

"I'm not someone who can judge others. I just couldn't tolerate my child being wronged."

Ollina bowed her head politely and answered.

Orkamp couldn't sense the high-density nerve war going on between the women. So he kept his mouth shut.

Eliza recalled the situation when Sirone went berserk.

"That's right. It was scary too. But Sirone attacked me. If I had gone close, I might have died. You act like you did something more amazing than me, but what if you were in the same situation as me?"

"I would still go to Sirone."

"Why? Because you're his mother?"

Ollina looked at Eliza with pity and sadness in her eyes.

"Because I love him more than anything in this world."
[Translated block]
 "Because my child was stabbed by a knife."
[Translated block]