


[571] Reaction and Response (3)

* * *

At the closed training ground in the southwest of Alpheus Magic School.

Although it is a training ground that is not currently in use, it was not a place to be disqualified from the battlefield based on 30 years ago.

When Iruki stopped at the place where the traditional training equipment was piled up, the team members arrived one after another.

Amy, who had been chasing Prings, walked up briskly.

"Aw! Really, like a loach, you get away well! Did you oil your body?"

Iruki greeted her.

"It was a good play. Thanks to you, I was able to block Eden."

"I caught the three-party meeting and went. If the game is unfavorable, you can be counterattacked."

Dorothy said.

"I collected the scramble that Iruki gave up."

They were moving organically just by reporting coordinates and situations, even though there was no means of contact.

"So Dorothy collected four fields?"

"Yeah. I have the three-party meeting, and the last card is still unopened."

"Try it now. First, we need to see the hand and strategize."

Dorothy took out a random card and said.

"Open."

With the appearance of black, the 4th stage strongest ○●○●(democracy) was completed.

"Nice. This will do. In the master card of other participants, Dorothy's situation will appear as ⓡⓡ●ⓡ. If you hit the strongest hand with three random cards, you can actively hang Kang."

Sabina said.

"The problem is Eden. It seems like he's trying to make infinity."

"That's why I called you. From the next round, give up the scramble and find Eden. If you find it, let me know your location by shining."

"Will it be okay? That's a big loss on our side."

"I know. But let's hold on for today. Since Dorothy caught democracy, if you hang Kang, you can beat at least one of the enemies. Then you won't lose much in terms of the number of cards. Plus, Shiro-ne probably also has democracy...."

Iruki looked around.

"Hasn't Shiro-ne come yet?"

"Yeah. Judging by the coordinates, it seems to be on the exact opposite side from here."

"But you've already learned the terrain of the hideout. If you cast spatial movement...."

Then there was a sound of footsteps outside the training ground.

Everyone turned around in alert, and Shiro-ne appeared with a tired look.

"Shiro-ne? What's with you?"

Her face was red with blood flowing from her forehead, and her body was covered in dust.

Shiro-ne, who passed by her friends without a word and sat down as if collapsing on a pile of equipment, took a deep breath.

"Late? Sorry."

"What happened? Did you fall off a cliff?"

"Kaiden... doesn't hang Kang."

Everyone who couldn't understand at once looked at each other, and Shiro-ne raised her head with a sullen eye.

"It's crazy. I've been fighting for 6 hours."

Friends made a ridiculous expression.

"You've been fighting all this time? What about the scramble?"

"I've been collecting it steadily. But somehow he found me right away."

"It's the ability of Hershey."

Sona's location detection is the strongest in the series.

"So... how was it after facing him? You seem to be injured."

Shiro-ne touched her forehead.

"I was surprised at first because he was a swordsman. But after that, it seemed doable. Of course, I have to stick to it more because it's a search war."

It was impossible to grasp the feeling just by listening to Shiro-ne's words because it was an event that could not be seen even in the graduation exam that Kaiden used a sword.

'All of Fermi's party are professional magicians. If he only fought with a sword, there might be a chance to watch a little more.'

Shiro-ne raised her head.

'But what happened? What about Eden?'

Shiro-ne also guessed the strategy of the enemies.

"I blocked it. And I have to keep blocking it. For now, Dorothy has completed democracy."

Iruki explained the operation.

"Eden is currently a saint (○○). If we have only three cards on our side, we will definitely win unless it is a full hand. However, don't hang Kang. She won't fight anyway."
[Translated block]


"If she breaks non-violence, the omnipotence of strong defense will rather weaken."

"From the next round, their routes will become complicated. Conversely, Hershey will detect our location."

Dorothy said.

"When we're gathered like this, Hershey won't know exactly. But we can't call every round, can we?"

Iruki, who nodded his head, looked back at Shirone.

"In that sense... what happened to that?"

Shirone pulled out a card.

"I currently have three cards. All chose random, and now the hand is a three-party meeting (○●○)."

Nade raised the corner of his mouth.

"How many times did you turn?"

"The last time was three times. Black came out twice in a row."

It was confirmed.

Sibulsangpokmae can randomly return confirmed cards.

"Come to think of it, 1 second is quite a long time."

"That's right. Originally, judgment is made at 0 seconds. Anyway, if we can collect Scramble, we can have the strongest hand."

Sabina asked.

"What are you talking about? What's wrong with your head?"

Nade touched Sabina's shoulder.

"I'll tell you later. We're still ahead. Block Eden's solo today, and prepare a countermeasure from tomorrow."

Iruki said.

"Since we can't collect Scramble, Shirone and Dorothy should actively hang Kang."

"Okay."

Lulu's voice was heard.

"There are 10 minutes left until the 4th Scramble summon."

* * *

"Principal, it's Pandora."

When she knocked on the door of the principal's office and waited, Alpheus's voice was heard.

"Come in."

In the principal's office, there were Alpheus, Vice Principal Olivia, and Colli, the head teacher of the graduating class.

It was unusual, but Pandora guessed that it had something to do with the mass absence of students today.

It was also not unrelated to the reason she came.

"Thank you for taking the time to meet."

"Of course. So, what did you want to see?"

Pandora took a deep breath and approached the desk.

"Please review the fairness of the graduation class evaluation."

The teachers were silent.

Pandora, who majors in fragrance magic.

Once a promising student who competed for 1st and 2nd place in the advanced class, she is now struggling in 23rd place, pushed by the joining of the Shirone team, Dante team, and strong competitors in the graduating class.

"I'm not dissatisfied with my low ranking. It's because I'm bad. But... how can this happen?"

Her question was valid.

"I took the time during the vacation to research. I also collected data from the 5 major prestigious kingdoms."

"Pandora......"

Olivia tried to speak and closed her mouth.

"Do you know how the numbers came out? The average ability of Alpheus Magic School's graduating class is 3.8 times higher than the average of the other 5 prestigious schools. The average is 3.8 times."

It was a situation already recognized even in the teachers' association.

"This is unreasonable. Alpheus Magic School is competing harder than the royal magic school, which has 20 Tio graduates. Either increase Tio, or......"

"It's not that simple."

Alpheus said.

"Tio is not simply determined. It's common for any school to have a lot of talented people in one year."

"You know, principal!"

Pandora's voice rose.

"It's not just this year. Fermi team, Prings, Anchal, Eden, etc. should have already become pros. Last year, Anchal didn't even unseal the magic circle. He doesn't want to graduate."

Colli said.

"But that's something individuals decide."

"Of course. But it's definitely a problem that such talented people accumulate in the graduating class every year. If you look at the records of Alpheus Magic School, the graduation rate of those in the upper ranks has been less than 30% since 7 years ago. It's definitely an abnormal figure, and it means that the circulation structure of graduation is broken for some reason."
[Translated block]
"Surely that's the case."

Alpheus said.

"But Pandora, there's a logical leap in your argument. You can't think by combining the low graduation rate of the upper class and the high average ability of this year's graduates. The reason why the ability of this year's graduating class is high is rather because the ability of the freshmen is strong. I'm talking about the freshmen who were on the same line as you."

Indeed, sophistry does not work.

In fact, aren't Dante, Amy, and Iruki competing in the upper ranks?

Tears welled up in Pandora's eyes, who bit this.

"Honestly, it's too... hard."

The teachers' eyes were sympathetic.

"You may feel cowardly, but I really don't think it's fair. Is it so wrong to want to compete like other prestigious schools? If this is the case, no one will want to enter Alpheus Magic School."

That's also a matter of personal judgment, but Olivia kept her mouth shut this time.

A student who had faithfully stepped on the elite course by competing from the lower class to the upper class.

The 23rd rank of the graduating class must have been the first number she received in her life.

"Yes, Pandora. I'm at the teacher's meeting...."

"There is a problem."

Alpheus cut off Olivia's words.

"There's always a problem, everywhere."

Pandora raised her teary eyes.

"Alpheus Magic School may be wrong. But Pandora, that won't be your graduation problem. Because all the graduating classes are competing under the same problem. I think your problem is just one."

Alpheus sighed and said.

"The only problem is that there are too many people better than you in the year you take the graduation exam."

The real competition begins from the moment you accept that reality is not fair.

That's why everyone except Pandora is silently fighting.

"It may sound cruel, but you know, don't you? The world that listens to what you want is nothing but a dream. The organization cannot move for the individual. It's not that it doesn't, it can't. So to push through what you want, you have to make a choice. Fight with the school representing the majority, or fight with yourself. Anything other than that is nothing but a delusion. You understand, don't you? You're a wizard, too."

"......Yes."

You have to win.

Because someone is winning and running towards success.

Looking at Pandora, who was immersed in sadness, Colly thought.

'It's a damn competitive system that's so hateful.'

"Thank you for your time. I'll go."

As Pandora left with a dispirited greeting, the three teachers finally brought out their sincerity.

"Pandora's words make sense."

Olivia was the first to express her opinion.

"I also think that this year's graduating class is too overheated."

Colly, who is in charge of the graduating class, said.

"It's because the talented people have accumulated continuously. Although it is said to be due to the judgment of the individual student, honestly, at this point, it is also ambiguous. What about the teachers' association?"

"They know and ignore it. They don't want to bring it to the surface."

"Eustace."

Alpheus said.

"Professional-level players are aiming for Eustace and staying at school. The talented people piled up one after another, and then it exploded this year. Because a large number of large rookies flocked. It's natural for Pandora to feel deprived."

Olivia sighed.

"Knowing that, you say so cruelly? Send it a little bit."

"If there was room for improvement, I would have done it long ago. But you know, don't you? The teachers' association will not change their minds."

Olivia sighed.

"The maze has already come out into the world. Now we have to close Eustace."

"I was thinking about it. But the students were one step faster."

Colly said.

"The Scramble Royal has opened. The 12 people I reported during the day are currently participating."

"Like troublemakers."
[Translated block]
Alpheus, who got up from his seat, looked out the window.

"What happens if we stop the Scramble Royale?"

"It gets quite complicated. The Teachers' Association will definitely side with the students and the school will close. This is a problem intertwined with world politics. Kashan, Yor sect, Torumia Kingdom, especially since it's almost certain that Anchar is a spy of the Jinchun Empire, it's correct to keep quiet and close it next year."

Colly rubbed his throbbing head.

"The Arduino family of Fermi is also a problem. Anyway, we have to hold out until the graduation exam."

Alpheus burst into a bitter laugh.

"It's going to be the best graduation exam in school history."

Olivia added.

"Or, it could be the worst graduation exam."
[Translated block]