


Scramble Royale (3)

"A woman... what?"

Amy asked with a bewildered expression, but the boys who had already seized the red book had nothing to say.

"Hmm, anyway, I don't know who the president of the Women's Body Research Society is."

Amy recalled what she had heard in the restaurant.

"Was that the red book? Shirone, have you seen it?"

"Huh? Oh, that... there's a book. I have eyes too...."

It was an absurd excuse, but it was not a situation where a lie would work.

Unexpectedly, Amy did not nag and turned her head with a relieved look.

Perhaps the reaction would change if she knew that the subject drawn in the red book was a school figure, but it was a secret to take to the grave.

Shirone, who had passed the crisis, asked.

"But there must be some candidates, right? Who do you think it is?"

"Um, it's really hard. It's too hidden to even get a feel. But if I had to choose...."

Nade looked around the counter of the snack bar.

"It could surprisingly be Eden, a woman."

"Ma'am, please give me a carbonated drink."

Shirone looked back at Eden, who had just entered the snack bar.

Currently 10th in the graduation class ranking.

A devout believer in the Yor religion, she was a specialist in defensive magic.

'Right, Gauld was also a believer in the Yor religion at one time.'

It was natural for Eden to focus on defensive magic because it was a non-violent religion, and yet she could be said to have tremendous magical talent, considering that she was holding up in the class circle.

"But why is Eden a candidate?"

"I heard that Eden gets stronger as she undresses."

Shirone spilled the cocoa she had been sipping back into the mug.

"What are you talking about?"

"Why, there's something like that, even if it's not a rule, a special act enhances omnipotence. Magical action is also of that kind. The Yor religion is non-violent, so it can't possess any military equipment. In other words, it doesn't even need clothes because it's only protected by God."

"Hmm, is that true?"

Amy said.

"I know that story too. So during the interpersonal combat time in last year's graduation class, some guys turned on their eyes and attacked."

The three asked in chorus.

"So what happened?"

Amy looked at them pitifully and said.

"When she was cornered, she might have undressed her outerwear. Of course, the durability of the defense magic has increased."

Nade nodded.

"That's it. According to the informant, when Eden is naked, her omnipotence becomes so strong that even professional magicians can't hurt her."

Iruki said.

"If that's the case, it's unlucky. Last year's graduation test."

Amy recalled the time.

"The first one ended in no time under Fermi's leadership, and the second one was a mental measurement, so magic wasn't particularly important. But that's a graduation test. Because two out of six are randomly evaluated, you have to prepare for all evaluations. Do you understand? I don't have time to worry about this now."

Amy pointed out one by one and nagged, but no one listened.

"If that's the case, it's not strange that Eden is a candidate. But the biggest feature of the Women's Body Research Society is the amazing drawing skills, right?"

"Hmm, then Konger might be a possibility."

Nade pointed to Konger, who was ranked 6th in the graduation class.

Despite his gorilla-like face and huge body, he was knitting with a shy smile.

As a steel magician who softens metal, the thread of knitting was also softened steel.

"She's feminine and has good hand skills. The appearance is a bit... but rather, it suits her more?"

Shirone shook her head.

"She's a bit peculiar, but she's a good person, right?"

Konger was a man of loyalty and was kind to everyone.

"I think the most gloomy one is Fjord."
[Translated block]


A student, wrapped in a wizard's robe with a hood, was sitting and breaking the legs of a bug. 

For that reason, the seats around him were completely empty. 

He was a wizard dealing with poison, small in stature and frail, with a face that looked about sixteen years old, but it was just a side effect of the drug, and his actual age was twenty-two. 

He was originally a class one, but due to the advancement of his juniors, he was currently ranked 11th. 

Iruki cast a vote for Shirone's judgment. 

"He's the most evil in character. The balance isn't good, but he also won first place in the Anket for the student you least want to meet in a one-on-one battle. If he really is the president of the Women's Body Research Society, it's going to be a tough fight."

Nade shook his head. 

"I don't know. If you think like that, everyone can be a candidate. Honestly, who doesn't like the female body?"

Amy squinted her eyes and said, 

"Do as you please. I'm not going to care anyway."

Iruki said, 

"Anyway, we can assume that our enemy is this much. Besides, they have high-class kids as members, so they might attack during the graduation class. Like this morning. So, Shirone, you have to protect it."

Shirone, who had become the gatekeeper of Istas, was in a daze. 

"I got it. I'll try my best."

It was judged that the current Shirone could block anyone from the advanced class. 

Amy, who checked the time, stood up from her seat. 

"Let's go. Oh, and Shirone, don't cast Sibulsangpokmae in Istas for a while. It could be dangerous."

"Yeah. I was thinking the same thing."

When all the students left to digest the afternoon schedule of the graduation class, only Shirone and the store owner were left in the store. 

"Hmm, the Research Society of the Underworld."

The last drop of cocoa went down Shirone's throat.

* * *

That evening, Golden Wheel. 

The executives were summoned to the hideout hidden in the northeastern mountains of Alpheus Magic School. 

There was no party unusually, and Fermi was immersed in thought, drinking bitter alcohol in a cold atmosphere. 

'Miro is back.'

Then there was nothing to interfere with Fermi's plan. 

'Maybe this year will be the last time I'm at school.'

He, who finished thinking, raised his head and asked. 

"Is everyone here now?"

"Yeah. Except for that guy."

The executives of the Golden Wheel were five, including Fermi. 

The ones currently gathered were Sonar's Hershey, Electric Monster Raikon, and Alchemist Richard. 

"What's the sudden call? What's going on?"

"Prings proposed a treaty today."

"The Hide and Seek Research Society?"

Hershey, the chief of staff, added. 

"It seems that they have already proposed to other research societies. The chairmen of Doll Collection and Ant Language asked me about the truth."

"Then......"

The eyes of the executives sparkled, and Fermi smiled. 

"Yes, it's Scramble Royal. The target is the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society. We drive them out and take over Istas."

"Kukuku, finally the day we've been waiting for has come."

The blue light entered the two pupils of Richard of Alchemy, who raised the corners of his mouth. 

"In that sense, we should send a representative. A representative to participate in the Scramble Royal."

"I'll do it."

Electric Monster Raikon, the second in command of the Golden Wheel, raised his hand. 

He was the second-ranked graduate class, and he was a strong man who no one could control except Fermi. 

"No, you don't come out this time. We have something else to do."

Raikon followed Fermi's opinion without doubt. 

"Then who are you going to send?"

"Hershey participates. Scramble Royal is just a preliminary battle to get closer to the secrets of Istas. It's important to collect as much information as possible."

In that sense, Hershey was the best candidate. 

Although the graduation class ranking has fallen to 13th, he has the ability to collect information that is not inferior to the Hide and Seek Research Society.
[Translated block]


"So, Hershey will represent us, Prings will play hide and seek, Anchar will collect dolls, and Pisho will speak ant language. So, are these four going to participate?"

"No, we're also going to involve the Women's Body Research Society."

"But that guy doesn't do anything."

"He will this time. Tell him to participate."

Fermi was certain.

"If Shirone moves, he'll have to come out."

* * *

After midnight, Hershey, who arrived at the dormitory, stood in front of someone's room.

Surveillance is impossible.

His sound magic sonar could collect even the sound of a heartbeat if he wanted to.

'No one can stop their heart.'

Hershey was about to knock with a confident smile when a voice came from inside the room.

"Come in."

When he opened the door and entered, a scene of madness was revealed.

Pictures were all over the room, and the protagonist of each picture was Maya.

"You still have a good sense, Kaiden."

The current 7th in the graduation class, Kaiden of the Cross.

He was an executive of the Golden Wheel and the head of the Women's Body Research Society.

"What's up?"

Hershey approached the table and watched Kaiden's work process.

The line that moved without interruption accurately mimicked the real Maya.

"You know why I'm here, don't you?"

"I don't know."

"The Research Society of the Underworld has proposed a Scramble Royal."

"I'm not interested."

"Also, Shirone is included on the other side."

The line that was drawing Maya's neck suddenly deviated.

"Do I look like a person who would move out of petty jealousy?"

Hershey just laughed.

As straight as his honest personality, a cross-shaped sword stood in one corner of the room.

Ironically, Kaiden was originally a swordsman.

To be precise, he was a promising member of the Cross family, the most famous swordsman family in the Kingdom of Thormia.

'He's a monster with both swordsmanship and magic.'

People of the Cross family who receive the energy of the Cross are born with a special talent through the stars from birth.

Among them, Kaiden was a child born on the day of the Red Cross, which comes around every 43 years, and he could bring out 100% of his potential in any field.

It's a kind of universal law, and he had already graduated from the Kaizen Swordsmanship School as the top student at the age of fourteen.

But whether the rumor that the child of the Red Cross lives an unfortunate life was true, Kaiden himself had a field of desire stronger than swordsmanship.

It was art, and among them, it was painting.

Of course, the law of the Red Cross gave Kaiden the best painting skills.

But the problem was that art wasn't just about technique.

He could draw anything as he thought, but Kaiden didn't have anything to sublimate it into art.

"How about making the exposure a little more daring?"

When Hershey pointed at the picture and said, Kaiden frowned.

"Don't insult art."

If the power of art is to stimulate human emotions, the female body is art itself, regardless of gender.

It might have been the only choice for Kaiden, who had no artistic expression ability, to start drawing semi-nudes.

"So... you won't participate?"

Kaiden got up silently, set up the cross-shaped sword that was the symbol of his family, and looked at his face reflected on the blade.

"...I will."

'I knew it.'

No one could match Fermi's ability to read and use human emotions.

He just needed time to rationalize himself, and the fact that he used expressions like 'petty jealousy' was already proof that he was jealous.

"Then everyone is gathered. The schedule will be announced later."

When Hershey left the room, Kaiden looked at the huge mural on the wall.

He was the one who had run away to Alpheus Magic School as if hiding from his family.

Since he met a woman named Maya here, he realized why he wasn't given artistic sensibility.
[Translated block]


"The god of art had chosen Maya."

"Maya......"

Recalling the sacred thrill he felt when he first heard her song, Kaiden knelt in front of the painting.

"If I can be by your side, I will do anything."

It was a knight's oath that he alone dedicated to the painting.
[Translated block]