
"That's right. But do you know what heaven is?"

"Heaven? Isn't it just a metaphor for another dimension or something?"

"No. Heaven is real. And it's where our enemies are hiding."

"Enemies? What enemies?"

"The ones who destroyed Gaia civilization and tried to wipe out all life on this planet. The ones who created hell and unleashed countless monsters on us. The ones who call themselves gods."
[Translated block]


```text
"Of course, but."

Reysis closed his mouth.

There was no need to make a fuss at the headquarters in advance.

The one who sealed Babel at the time was Archangel Kariel.

* * *

Niflheim.

The world of the dead where everything is frozen.

What unfolded before Gaold's party was a vast ice sheet and frozen mountains that surrounded it farther away.

A cruel world where ordinary creatures would freeze to death before encountering anything.

If Zulu hadn't summoned a 2-tier monster salamander to raise the temperature around him, their situation would have been the same.

Anyway, this is where the king of giants, Imir's body is trapped in the 'eternal ice wall that never melts'.

The salamander, which was 3 meters long, stuck flat to the floor and emitted heat with its whole body.

Still, the ice sheet did not melt and there was no moisture, and the salamander felt so cold that it shivered.

Whenever the flame weakened, the lizard-like appearance of the salamander, which could never be seen normally, was revealed.

Gaold asked, spitting frost.

"How many are there?"

Gangnan checked his pocket.

"24."

"I see."

The collection of black elixirs is slower than expected.

Rebel Commander-in-Chief Krud said it was a 50 percent chance, but the actual chance of catching a demon and getting an elixir seemed to be less than 20 percent.

Of course, that alone was a very high probability, and with 24 elixirs, there would be nothing they couldn't buy if they went to the mainland.

But it was trivial for the results obtained after hardship, and they also lost a considerable amount of physical strength as a price.

'It's cold.'

Gangnan spat out a long cloud of frost.

It was crazy for humans to wander around Niflheim for six days.

Zulu also couldn't release the salamander for a moment for six days, so he couldn't sleep until now.

Gangnan's gaze turned to Gaold's broad back plate.

How cold is it?

If Gangnan is cold, Gaold is a thousand times colder.

If Gangnan groans from frostbite that paralyzes his fingertips, Gaold is a thousand times more painful than that.

'How can you not even show it? How are you enduring it?'

"We'll get tired first like this."

Gaold looked back at the guide.

He was a Nordin with a rat-like face and a scar on his face.

The reason he could wander around Niflheim was because he had contracted with an ice spirit by scraping off all his assets.

But no matter how high the value of the spirit is, if your magic skills are poor, you can't even get your money back in hell.

In the end, the only occupation he could make money from was Niflheim's guide, which had a high chance of calling death.

The requirements were harsh as they risked their lives.

He never interferes in combat, but he has to give up 50 percent of what he harvested here.

Gaold had no reason to agree to such an unfair contract, but when he realized that the probability of getting black elixirs was lower than expected after finishing his first hunt in Niflheim, he changed his mind.

Niflheim is an immensely vast place, and the frequency of encountering demons is surprisingly low.

If you wander around like this, you will either collapse or freeze to death before you fill up the amount you want.

He decided that it would be better to go into 'Hell', where there is said to be a ruler of Niflheim and hit the jackpot.

"How much longer do we have to go? Hell or whatever."

"Ah, just a little more this way...."

The guide who pointed ahead finally thought it wouldn't work and closed his eyes and shouted.

"No! I can't go any further! Let's go back!"

He got tired of Gaold's party.

It was a land of death that no one approached, but there were rare madmen who came in for a fortune.

The guide also explored Niflheim six times following such people.

It was once every two years, but it was a profitable business if you got one black elixir, and if you got two, you could play for another two years.
```
[Translated block]


```
Of course, before meeting Gauld and his party, he was just barely killing ghosts on the outskirts of Niflheim and praying for black elixirs to drop.

But the ones who guided him now were different.

From the beginning, they didn't even look at the outskirts and ran straight to Hel for six days, catching nearly two hundred grim reapers.

Grim Reaper, the strongest evil spirit that belongs to the hunting rank Triple S in the mainland.

He had no choice but to pee his pants when he saw the death god riding a five-meter-high black horse and swinging a huge scythe.

He was fascinated by the fun of dropping precious black elixirs every time he was bored, but honestly, he wanted to go home now.

"Really? If you want to finish, go ahead."

Gauld agreed obediently.

He just added one condition.

"If you want to break the contract and go alone."

'Evil bastard!'

The guide gritted his teeth.

He had to endure it anyway because he couldn't compete with him, but his resentment echoed deep in his bones.

With 12 black elixirs, he could live a life of luxury for the rest of his life.

No, he would marry 100 mainland beauties. And he would have a thousand children or so.

It was a wicked imagination, but that was the value of 12 black elixirs that could make it possible in reality.

"Okay, let's go all the way! But my role is only up to Hel. I don't know the way from there!"

"Whatever."

Gauld turned his body and walked on the ice rink.

He was a mountain-like existence for everyone, but his face was also pale.

Zulu stopped sucking on the robbery nipple and pointed forward.

"There's something there."

The guide's face lit up with emotion. It was a step of pure professional calling.

'I can't believe I came this far.'

The reason why he could guide in Niflheim, which had no personality to be found, was because the corpses of the foreigners who had invaded here for a long time became signs.

As Gauld's party approached, more than a thousand creatures were frozen like statues.

They were from different times and races, but they all had expressions of terror.

"Is this the entrance to Hel?"

"Wait. This is my first time here too. According to my research...."

The guide took out a notebook and checked his notes. He turned his body as if he couldn't show it to anyone.

As befitting the only Niflheim expert on the mainland, his notes were dense.

"Hmm, from the corpse of a Catesis race with one eye closed...."

The guide, who was looking around, found a bipedal creature with a long tail on its lizard face and approached it.

"The direction pointed by the left index finger."

The guide's face crumpled as he checked his left hand.

'Damn it, there are only three fingers. Which one is the index finger?'

He guessed it was roughly the middle finger and pointed to a place that was about 15 degrees off from where he had walked.

"That way you'll get to Hel. Then I'll.... Eek!"

The guide turned to Gauld and bit his buttocks in surprise.

A terrible fighting spirit was emanating from his party.

"Tha-that's....!"

A thick mist rose over the ice rink.

It was a familiar scene for everyone, but this time it was different.

The shape of a dark black horse appeared over the ice rink, and a grim reaper surrounded by dark smoke held a four-meter-long scythe over his shoulder and held the reins.

The number of individuals was 40.

It was the maximum number for a single battle.

"Oh my! Oh my! To die leaving behind 12 black elixirs!"

The guide shed tears with a desperate expression as if he had given up on his life.

There was no one to comfort him.

Even Zulu thought it was a different level of difficulty than before.

"I will release Salamander."

It seemed too much for Kangnan and Gauld to handle alone if they were already exhausted.

```
[Translated block]


But Gaold left Kangnan standing and headed towards the pack of Grimreapers alone.

"Wait here. I don't want you to get involved."

"Are you crazy? What are you going to do? And I'm not weak enough to get involved in a fight!"

"I know. But...."

Gaold leaned his body as if he was falling and looked back at Kangnan.

"This time, it will be different."

Kangnan's face hardened like a stone as he sensed something.

Gaold's hair, starting from his forehead, was rapidly losing its color.
[Translated block]