


[288] 5. All kinds of variables (2)

"That's right, it was like that then too. I came back late because I met Marsha nuna...."

Then, suddenly, he thought that maybe Amy was feeling hurt because of him. Did it hurt her when he danced with Reina nuna?

He knew it was a trap, but now that he thought about it, there was some part of him that wasn't completely indifferent to it.

"No, you're overthinking it. Dancing with Reina nuna was already part of the plan. Amy wouldn't do that."

He thought so, but he couldn't be sure.

The reason was simple. When he saw Amy dancing with Zion, he felt some unpleasant ripples in his heart.

Wasn't Amy the same?

If she felt the same emotion, she could have followed Zion with just a very small motive.

Amy was such a delicate girl.

Shirone's footsteps quickened. He racked his brain to control his emotions, but his heartbeat only got faster than before.

"Huh?"

Shirone stopped abruptly and looked behind him.

He had felt a strange chill on his back ever since he came down to the basement. But there was no sign of life on the path he had walked, not even a mouse.

"Is it just my imagination."

Shirone cleared his throat and walked slowly.

'Hehehe, no, no, no.'

A man hanging upside down from the ceiling where Shirone had left grinned. It was Spaturu Zenoger, who had been ordered to assassinate Shirone.

He was clinging to the ceiling with only the strength of his ten fingers.

The ability of spider metamorphosis gave the clan the power to overcome gravity.

The fine hairs and sticky oil that came out of his skin caused a chemical reaction that supported his weight.

Of course, it was only possible because of his physical skills honed by assassination training that he could hold up his lower body with only his upper body strength.

Also, the oil that came out of his finger skin evaporated in 20 seconds after stopping the leakage, leaving no trace of his existence.

An assassin close to perfection.

Zenoger licked his long tongue from his chin and swallowed it back.

'Quite a sensitive prey. Like... a mosquito.'

But that was because Zenoger had been constantly sending very faint signals to Shirone.

It was basic for an assassin to observe the prey's reaction and consider countermeasures. He could kill him anytime he wanted. He was just waiting for the perfect opportunity.

'Hmm, yes.'

Assassins are those who use situations rather than power. That's why they spend a lot of time alone in their lives. They have to make their own judgments and evaluations for everything, so talking to themselves was a habit.

Zenoger liked being an assassin. It was much more sophisticated than a hitman who relied on improvisation.

Although his body had become grotesque enough to not blend in with the human world, that was the ultimate functional beauty that the assassination clan Spaturu pursued.

'Should I push him a little more?'

Zenoger moved along the wall with his ten fingers and caught up with his prey. Then he pulled out a spider web from his butt and came down behind Shirone's back.

The thin thread stuck to the ceiling and propelled Zenoger forward. The thread would sway with a little wind, but perfect control was not difficult for the spider clan.

Shirone's nape was in front of him. The white neck looked like fish flesh, making him want to bite it.

Zenoger tore his mouth and slowly brought his finger to Shirone's neck.

'Let's see, let me feel your touch
[Translated block]


"What the hell?"

He felt something was wrong. Maybe he was just sensitive today, but he felt like something was constantly bothering him.

'It wouldn't hurt to make sure.'

Shirone pretended to walk slowly, then suddenly expanded his spirit zone.

"......"

All kinds of information came through his empathy.

There were countless small things running around in all directions. There was a food warehouse nearby, so they were probably rats or cockroaches.

"Ugh......"

Shirone brushed his arms with goosebumps.

Anyway, what he felt through his empathy was just a faint impression. He wondered if his nervous system had gone wrong after being threatened by assassination for several days.

"Phew, let's go quickly."

As Shirone moved away, a smug smile appeared on the lips of Zenoger, who was stuck to the ceiling.

'You fell for it. Congratulations on your death.'

The spirit zone of a mage is one of the most difficult abilities for a close-range assassin. It is not easy to approach them, who perceive things through empathy by expanding their mind.

But the assassins say.

There is no sense without a blind spot.

The spirit zone perceives all the information within its territory in an integrated way. It was not a precise feeling like vision, hearing, or touch, but more like a kind of sixth sense.

Then what if you blend in with a specific object or creature? As a sixth sense that integrates information, you can't tell the difference between the two entities.

The blind spot of that sixth sense.

Just as natural creatures acquired camouflage skills through evolution, assassins also developed unique skills while fighting against the spirit zone for a long time.

That was equalizing, the ability to blend in with objects.

'Yes, that's right.'

Shirone felt Zenoger's presence through his spirit zone, but he couldn't distinguish the difference between the rock wall and Zenoger with his sixth sense alone.

And that was exactly what Zenoger was aiming for.

The dependence of mages on their spirit zone was as great as that of ordinary people on their vision. They even thought that if they couldn't feel it through their spirit zone, it didn't exist.

That was why he had been stimulating Shirone until now.

Shirone's alertness was much lower than before after checking his surroundings with his spirit zone.

That's why he dies.

Zenoger doesn't kill him. The situation kills him.

A hitman specialized in hit and run bets his life on a 50 percent chance, but an assassin doesn't move easily even with a 99 percent chance. They only moved when their target stepped into the swamp of death by themselves.

That was why high-ranking power holders feared one assassin more than many armies. Once they appeared, it meant that their current situation was in the middle of death.

That doesn't mean that the best assassin is the best swordsman. Equalizing is such a difficult skill that you have to devote your whole life to it in order to reach the master level.

But they are strong.

If a swordsman fights with an even ability from 1 to 100, an assassin becomes invincible at 1 out of 100 and overwhelms the opponent.

So there was nothing wrong with Shirone. He just believed what he believed. And Zenoger used that blind spot to make his target completely defenseless.

Zenoger was invincible right now.

'Hehe, shall we go then?'

Zenoger approached Shirone along the ceiling and landed on the floor without making a sound. Then he pursed his lips and put his finger in his mouth and pretended to pull something out.

A wire-like thread came out.

This is enough.

'That's right.'

Zenoger chose death snare as his method.

He tied the wire into a snare shape and threw it at Shirone, then pulled it and his face would fall off like a bunch of grapes.

'7 seconds left.'

Zenoger twisted the thread in the air and quickly made a snare knot.

Then he threw it into the air and it floated above Shirone's head like smoke.
[Translated block]


A perfect murder without any sound, trace, or even smell.

"Four seconds left. Three seconds
[Translated block]


```text
Gaju, who was staring blankly at his youngest daughter who had turned into a corpse, finally realized and trembled his chin.

Finally, all the secrets were revealed.

The sword fell and his knees hit the floor.

"No, no! This can't be! No!"

Gaju screamed, tearing his hair.

There was no one else to die. Except for himself.

He took a bitter drink and headed to the study. And he recorded the events of 286 days in a letter on his desk.

It is said that Gaju's life and death were never confirmed.

There were different opinions on whether he left the mansion or was the last one to be assassinated, but anyway, that's how the Yeger family disappeared from the world.

Two years later, a merchant acquired the Yeger family's mansion at a bargain price.

It was his private property that could not be touched until the legal period of two years passed, and then the kingdom sold it off.

When the door of the mansion, which had been sealed for two years, opened wide, the first thing that caught the merchant's eye was 287 red beads on the floor.

This is the behind story of <The Last Cry of the Yeger Family>. It was also an example given by Curia Auction Company for why the objet d'art was not 100 percent safe.
```

Did I translate it well?
[Translated block]