


[440] Full Moon Day (4)

The smooth body of the metal angel reflected in the moonlight was modeled after the beauty of living things, but Sein and his party could read the cruelty hidden behind the beauty.

Of course, Babel was beautiful.

It was just cold as death. So cold that it seemed to freeze the bones just by looking at it.

Sein's iron wheel eyes rotated with a loud noise. It was faster than ever, but he felt that it was still not enough.

'What is this?'

There was no aura that could only be felt from the strong.

But on the contrary, he felt a solidness of super-coolness that seemed to not waver against any strong opponent.

-Target setting: No priority.

-Random target algorithm operation.

Babel's visual lens captured Lena.

No one could confirm the focus hidden in the red panel, but only one person, Lena's father Witcher, threw himself.

"Dangerous!"

Did he choose Lena over Kanya because of his extreme paternal love? Was it a superpower created by?

The choice was accurate, and Witcher's body, who was worried about Lena, stopped abruptly.

Babel, who had approached in an instant, pierced Witcher's chest with a cold hand.

"Ah, Dad?"

Lena's face turned pale.

He was shaking on the verge of going crazy.

"Dad ah ah ah!"

Kanya, blinded by anger, rushed at Babel.

-Enemy approach detected.

-Response type: Instant kill.

When Babel disappeared without a trace, Witcher's body with nowhere to lean fell.

Due to the extreme relativity created by ultra-high speed, Kanya's brain could not recognize the incoming scenery in order.

Witcher fell first and Babel appeared in front of him as if he were mistaken. Only one thing was clear in it.

'I'm dying.'

Kiiii!

Babel's blade stopped in front of Kanya's neck with a cold sound.

Sein rotated his iron wheel eyes sharply and took a combat stance over his shoulder.

One equilibrium that could be calculated by Witcher's death.

But Babel expanded his glory body and dismantled the complexly intertwined gear calculations.

'How can that be?'

Equilibrium is the strongest crowd control device that calculates both rational coefficients and emotional coefficients at the same time.

That means that he dismantled a personalized code in less than a second, not a set program, but learned at this moment.

'Intuition is not. Is it a probabilistic algorithm?'

A method of reaching a conclusion by randomly repeating random numbers to understand the target.

Even if Sein is a servant, he had to admit that Babel's ability was far superior in terms of calculation speed.

"Back off."

Sein said briefly.

"Ah, Dad..."

"Hurry up!"

There is no second chance.

If you can't understand this, you have no choice but to die.

Fortunately, Kanya still had something to protect and desperately held onto her reason and ran to Lena.

"Lena! Come over here!"

While carrying Lena, who was half out of her mind, and running away, Babel did not move.

Her visual lens focused only on Sein and analyzed him step by step.

-Subject: Human. Accuracy 99.8%.

-Type: Programmer.

-Result: Highest level risk factor. Priority algorithm applied. First priority removal target.

Babel's body slowly turned toward Sein.

Two entities that are unparalleled in calculation looked at each other in different ways to recognize each other.

"Emergency! All power ready for battle!"

Crued's voice running to the hangar echoed in the night sky.

* * *

Clone culture room.

Two aides sent by Reysis prepared their minds with a barrel of water.

Now that all the ingredients for Ilhwa's alcohol were ready, what was inside was just meat lumps.

The method suggested by Reysis was to soak the carcass of the acid king Muusa in water.

If you inhale the strong acid gas generated from there, any creature will die within 10 seconds with its lungs melted.
[Translated block]


There was enough time until they finished their work and left, but it felt like they were out of breath as soon as they started.

"Just one sip and it's over. Let's get it over with quickly."

"Ugh, but I feel a bit uneasy. Even if it's a clone."

"Stop talking nonsense. Did you get attached to it? It's just livestock. Let's get it over with quickly."

When they opened the iron door, a hot blast of air escaped.

The culture room was nothing more than a large room, and the clones were immersed in their tasks, unaware of the death that was coming.

The man who placed the water tank in the center took out the corpse of Muusa. As the lump of meat fell with a thud, the water boiled.

"Let's go, quickly."

The two men covered their noses and mouths with their clothes and ran towards the exit. White smoke began to rise from the water tank.

* * *

With Icasa's help, Shirone and Flu escaped from the iron bars and ran through the underground corridor of the headquarters.

Everyone was focused on Ilhwa's alcohol, so there were no agents wandering around.

Of course, it was also thanks to the fact that everyone who did not have access to the core information was detained.

"The agents can be eliminated easily, but the problem is Akamai. He'll become like a demon trapped in a seal."

"It'll be fine until Reysis notices. Let's go as fast as we can. Where is Garas?"

"I saw a map of the genetic research lab on the wall. Let's go there first."

Flu entered the genetic research lab, trying to recall his memory.

While Flu deciphered the map on the wall, Shirone picked up a document on the lab desk.

Thanks to the Ultima system installed, the signal was converted into a single code and delivered just by looking at the sentence.

It was an experimental report containing information on clones.

His own clone must also be somewhere here, so Shirone looked carefully, but in the end he frowned and couldn't turn a page.

"How can they do such a thing... What do they think of humans?"

The report described the atrocious process of mass-producing clones through the triangular mechanism of Shirone, Flu, and Garas.

His hand, which had been turning one or two pages quickly, stopped again with a jerk.

His eyes, which had been reading slowly through the Ultima system, shook with shock.

"Hey, senior. Have you read this file? Clone culture research data."

Flu was engrossed in looking at the huge map, squinting one eye as if his head hurt.

"Senior."

"...No. I only investigated what I needed. This... The drone's decoding speed is too slow."

Shirone let out a long sigh.

He wanted to tell him what he saw in the document, but he couldn't bring himself to say it.

'What should I do? I should tell him anyway.'

"I found it. Mordmort isolation room. Fortunately, it's not far away."

Flu hurried out of the lab.

They didn't know when Reysis would notice their escape, so they didn't have enough time even if they saved it.

Shirone felt rather relieved. Sometimes ignorance can be a blessing.

The place they arrived at following Flu was in front of an iron door that reached up to the ceiling.

When she took out Phoenix from Cubric and cast a fire spell, the lock melted into molten metal.

When they pulled both handles, a loud noise greeted them with an incredible sight.

"Oh my god..."

It was like an ark from a flood myth, where all kinds of creatures were crammed into an apartment with 14 floors.

As they walked to the end of the isolation room, they saw a tube that was blocked by a glass wall instead of iron bars.

A black creature as big as a human torso was wriggling in a glass tube that was 2 meters high.

Garas, the king of reproduction.

Even in this place where countless creatures gathered, he had to be isolated separately, which showed how high his danger level was.

Eight legs that looked like spiders clung to the glass wall and on the underside of his body there was an organ that looked like lips that twitched and spat something out.

There was only one eye on his watery head, which was fully open and looked surprised.
[Translated block]


"Is this... Garas?"

"Garas has no special form. This appearance is just one of the countless entities that have been passed down through infinite generations."

Garas's watery head folded in half and his eyes faced forward.

Shirone felt a chill as he met the gaze of the creature that wiped his cornea with eyelids attached to the top and bottom.

One desire, one purpose.

That was why there was no species stronger than Garas, even if there were stronger creatures.

Garas turned his gaze to Flue and examined the characteristics of his species with his brilliant brain.

As his eyelids narrowed into a shape that seemed to smile, Flue felt a surge of emotion.

He remembered the scene he saw in the warehouse and his left temple throbbed. It was a terrible headache.

"Kiaaaaaa!"

At that moment, Garas stretched all his legs like spears and screamed.

"Damn it...!"

Shirone and Flue hastily leaned their upper bodies back at the force that seemed to burst out.

They realized how tense they had been until now when they felt their backs wet with sweat.

"What do we do, senior? Do we really let him go?"

They needed Garas's power to neutralize Akamai and stop Ilhwa's liquor.

But they didn't have the courage to open Pandora's box.

No, maybe this was a door to hell.

If Garas regained his freedom, the headquarters would be destroyed.

Anything alive would become a target of reproduction, and the number of individuals would also increase exponentially.

"We have to do it anyway. Just let him go and run for it. Let's save the captured rebels and then attack Reysis."

That was the only way.

The best way to survive.

They didn't have enough time to think and plan for the operation.

"Then... I'll open it."

Shirone's hand trembled as he headed for the lock.

He pressed the button without knowing what outcome it would bring and heard a click as the lock opened.

The two people turned around at the same time. And they cast teleportation without looking back.

Bang! Garas broke through the glass tube and flowed out.

His body began to grow larger to fit the scale of space as he walked with his eight legs.

"Kiaaaaaa!"

His scream naturally grew louder, and Shirone and Flue felt as if they heard it from nearby.

"Aaaaaah!"

As if they had made a promise, they flew their bodies and rolled to the left and right, slamming the iron door shut.

A moment later, a loud noise pierced through and countless cries of creatures came through the iron door.

Shirone finally confirmed it.

What he had opened was definitely a door to hell.

* * *

"Stupid kids!"

Reysis opened the door roughly and entered.

As reported by the researcher, Shirone and Flue were nowhere to be seen.

Akamai, who was shriveled like a deflated balloon, lay miserably, and only Ikasa sat in the iron cage.

"I told you to check it clearly, didn't I?"

"Well, well, because Akamai was here, I prepared for the experiment first..."

The researcher's face flew away with a thud sound.

It was an attack so fast that it was invisible to the eye, but Ikasa could see it.

The monstrous whip hidden under her cloak.

"Hmph, is that what you call a body? How hideous. Even Gorgol, the ugliest Mara among them, is not like you."

Krrrk!

Reysis clenched his teeth and a rough roar came out between his interlocked fangs.

"You dare to judge me with your weak angelic appearance? Soon you will be in my stomach too."

"Hohoho! Yes, you must be crazy about my beautiful body. But what can you do? There seems to be no way to fix your ugly appearance."

Ikasa's sarcasm was relentless.

She couldn't do anything until she filled up the cause of Valhalla Action, but her angelic pride was higher than death.
[Translated block]


"Tear him to shreds!"

The ground shook with every step Lacey took.

Her skin turned red and revealed her monstrous face as she opened her huge mouth and charged at the iron bars.

"Kraaaaaaa!"
[Translated block]