


```text
[493] That Afternoon (1)

As the noon sun shone on the Arabot, Shirone and Ikael stared at each other in silence for a long time.

The Valhalla Action was still spinning above Shirone's head, and Ikael's eyes were terribly cold as he looked at it.

'Destroy heaven?'

According to the theory of magic explained by Shirone, it was not impossible.

Then he had to kill him this time.

Ikael's fine fingers tightened, curling like the claws of a beast.

The reason he couldn't jump out, however, was Shirone's directness, which read his temperament at the same time as revealing his murderous intent.

'No, that's not it.'

Shirone said he wouldn't destroy heaven if he revived Peope.

It wasn't a difficult thing for Ikael, and the Shirone she knew wasn't the type to go back on his word.

It was a wiser choice to accept the offer than to gamble on an uncertain assumption.

'No, that's not it either.'

Ikael frowned.

Shirone's Ataraxia was definitely an ability he had personally passed on through possession.

He felt a lot of admiration, pride, and poignant emotion as he harmonized with Shirone's mind.

'I don't remember.'

Most things came to her mind clearly, but the problem was the emotion of poignancy.

'What do I want to do with that boy?'

His mind began to blur again.

Ikael couldn't define his feelings for Shirone in clear language.

Love?

It was too shallow to say simply love.

In a situation where he couldn't dig into his emotions deeply, Ikael finally made a decision.

'I have to kill him.'

He couldn't trust Shirone.

No, rather, he couldn't trust himself.

It's not good in any case to try to analyze the other person with imperfect memories.

'All I have to do is what I can do.'

Ikael said so after making a decision.

"Okay. I'll revive Peope for you. But you have to keep your promise."

"I don't care as long as I can save Peope."

Shirone looked at the little fairy in his hand with pitying eyes.

He still didn't know if this was a good decision.

But Peope wasted his life forever to save him and shriveled up in a miserable fate.

'I have to save Peope.'

Right now, that was all that mattered.

"Put the fairy in front of me. Enhancing life force is a highly sensitive task."

It was the biggest reason why Ikael didn't choose a deal.

Once Ataraxia starts working, he has to focus all his mind on Peope.

If it was Shirone of Directness, he could accurately exploit that gap and deliver a fatal blow.

It wasn't a strategy to do in front of an untrustworthy opponent.

"Don't worry. I won't do anything until Peope comes back to life."

"Please......"

As Ikael answered in a dry tone, Shirone also approached slowly without letting go of his guard.

'Kill him. Kill him. Kill him.'

He kept repeating the same thought as he looked at Shirone narrowing the distance.

If he got a little closer, even if he felt his temperament with directness, he wouldn't be able to react and his heart would be pulled out.

'Now!'

Shirone calmly moved his steps.

'Now!'

She couldn't move until he came close to Ikael and slowly bent down and put Peope on the ground.

'Now! Now! Now!'

Ikael finally realized it.

'Now......'

The fact that what was spinning around in his mind like crazy was just a thought.

"You can't kill me."

As he stepped back slowly after putting Peope down, Shirone looked at Ikael with sad eyes.

He didn't guess Ikael's intention wrong.

Maybe it could be...... That's why he didn't let go of his guard, but on the other hand, he thought it didn't matter.
```

Do you have any questions or requests?
[Translated block]


If Ikael kills himself, it means that the reason he risked his life to come to heaven in the first place disappears.

But Ikael couldn't kill Shirone in the end, and Shirone was satisfied with that.

She had already sacrificed countless people and killed countless lives just to meet her.

‘Yes, this is the end.’

Contrary to Shirone's thoughts, Ikael was in an incomprehensible situation.

“How do you know that? Why can't I kill you?”

The words he had been holding back until now came up to his throat, but Shirone swallowed them hard.

She knew that if Ikael had already lost his memory, no matter what she said, she would only get hurt.

There is only one, the only hope...

“I don't know.”

“But you are…”

“I really don't know. I don't know, so I came to see you. But you can't tell me anything.”

Shirone clenched her teeth and suppressed the rising sadness.

“Why don't you try to remember me? You can do it.”

Ikael closed his mouth.

He had not thought of what Shirone had thought as her.

If Anke Ra had cut off only his memory and not reset it, maybe Ikael could find his memory again.

But that was going against Anke Ra's will head-on, and it was not something that would end with a backlash.

Shirone stepped back, looking down at Peope with another small wound from Ikael's silence.

It was a good thing that she didn't say anything.

“That's enough. Save Peope. Then I'll do whatever you want.”

Ikael's gaze turned to Peope.

If he couldn't kill or not kill, making a contract with Shirone was the best choice.

“…Okay.”

Ikael slowly knelt down in front of Peope and placed both hands on his knees and closed his eyes.

Chiiiiiiiiiiiiing!

The glory body expanded and Ikael's symbol, Ataraxia, rotated with a brilliant five-color light.

Shirone looked ecstatically with half-closed eyes.

She could also use Ataraxia herself, but no one could imitate the beauty of the original.

‘Amplify your life force….’

Save Peope.

It was as difficult as giving new life to revive a fairy who was dying by pouring out all his life span, but if Ikael handled amplification as a source concept, it was not impossible.

‘But it will take time.’

Ikael emptied his mind and reached out to Peope.

‘Shirone will keep her promise.’

As soon as he made up his mind, a strange calmness came over him.

His head was still calculating all kinds of variables, but he felt so calm and happy that he was sure this was right when he trusted Shirone that he unknowingly smiled slightly.

But his expression soon turned cold, and he focused on activating his ability with emotionless eyes.

Cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo!

Then the ground began to shake from the west of Arabot.

Shirone's eyes shook with shock as she quickly turned around in tension.

A dark and gloomy energy that could not be described in words was pouring in from afar.

Shirone felt a chill in her whole body from the fear that engulfed her when she felt its nature through Jikji.

Black dots dotted like dots were swirling around spreading fear around him who cast a dull darkness.

“Paiel?”

The Archangel of Extinction Paiel.

In a situation that even Ikael did not expect, her eyes shook with anxiety.

If Amplification Ikael was the first of the eight giant concepts to be born, then Extinction Paiel was the concept that decorated the end.

Therefore, it was very rare for two archangels to clash over one incident in the history of heaven.
[Translated block]


As Pyiel spoke, he raised his hand again and pointed it at Ikael. A dark beam of energy shot out from his palm, aiming to obliterate the archangel of amplification.

Ikael reacted quickly and spread his wings, creating a barrier of light to block the attack. The beam collided with the shield, causing a loud explosion that shook the air.

Pyiel frowned and clenched his fist, increasing the intensity of his beam. He was determined to destroy Ikael, who had been his rival and friend for eons.

Ikael gritted his teeth and pushed back with his own power, trying to resist Pyiel's onslaught. He felt his shield cracking under the pressure, but he refused to give up.

He knew that Pyiel was not himself, that he had been corrupted by the darkness that consumed him. He still hoped that he could save him, somehow.

"Pyiel, please, stop this madness!" Ikael shouted over the noise. "You don't have to do this! You can still turn back!"

Pyiel snorted and shook his head. "There is no turning back, Ikael. There is only one way this can end. And you know it as well as I do."

He glanced at the sky, where a massive black hole was slowly forming. It was the result of their war, the ultimate consequence of their actions.

They had unleashed their powers without restraint, trying to defeat each other and their enemies. They had ignored the warnings of the other archangels, who had pleaded with them to stop.

They had caused too much damage, too much chaos. They had broken the balance of creation, and now it was collapsing on itself.

The black hole was growing bigger by the second, devouring everything in its path. Soon, it would swallow them all.

Pyiel smiled bitterly and looked at Ikael again. "This is our fate, Ikael. This is what we have wrought. And this is how we will end."

He released his hand and let go of his beam. He spread his arms wide and welcomed the black hole.

"Goodbye, Ikael. May we meet again in another life."

Ikael watched in horror as Pyiel was sucked into the abyss. He felt a surge of grief and regret, mixed with anger and disbelief.

He wanted to scream, to cry, to curse. But he had no time.

He felt a cold hand grabbing his shoulder from behind. He turned around and saw Siroene's face, twisted with rage and sorrow.

She held a glowing sphere in her other hand, which she pressed against his chest.

It was Balhalla Action, the ultimate weapon of destruction.

She had activated it when she teleported behind him, using her power of negation.

She had sacrificed herself to kill Pyiel, but she had failed.

Now she was using her last breath to kill him instead.

She blamed him for everything that had happened. For Pyiel's fall, for Peope's death, for Ral's danger.

She hated him more than anything in the world.

And she wanted him to die with her.

"Die with me, Ikael." She whispered in his ear. "Die with me and end this war."

She pushed the sphere deeper into his chest, triggering its explosion.

A blinding flash of light engulfed them both, followed by a deafening boom.

The shockwave spread across the battlefield, wiping out everything in its way.

The black hole shrank slightly, then resumed its expansion.

The war was over.

But so was everything else.
```
[Translated block]


"What is that...!"

Flash!

Before Ikael could finish his sentence, a huge red light shot up into the sky from afar.

Estimated power 2.19 million kilobusters.

Shirone's magic, which boasts the strongest destructive power among them, began to activate God's Punishment.
[Translated block]