


```text
[277] 1. Hostile Friendship (6)

"Fine. If you're so curious, I'll introduce you specially."

"No, I'm not really...."

Before Shirone could finish his sentence, Zion reached out for the sword.

"Come here, Armand."

A clear sound of metal filled the room.

As Shirone turned his body towards Armand, the sword that had risen by itself was sucked into Zion's hand.

Shirone quickly turned his body back as he followed the sword's trajectory. He stopped his movement abruptly. The blade was already at his throat. The cold steel vibrated and a high-pitched sound buzzed in his ears.

Uorin, who had been interrupted in his hobby, grumbled.

"Brother! Why are you suddenly doing this?"

"Stay still."

This time, Zion couldn't compromise either.

He glared at Shirone and his lips twisted involuntarily. He was annoyed to the point of madness by the fearless look in his eyes even in a situation where a blade was at his throat.

"What's wrong? You suddenly lost your voice. Don't tell me you're afraid I'll kill you?"

Shirone tensed his nerves at the vibration he felt under his chin.

He had already entered the spirit zone. The temperament of Armand that was conveyed through empathy was truly bizarre.

Was this really a sword, or a living creature?

"Why don't you answer? The genius magician, huh?"

It was a mean remark to spit out after ambushing someone.

Of course, Shirone was confident that he could teleport faster than Zion's reaction speed. But he couldn't guarantee that he could avoid the flying magic sword as well.

Zion took Shirone's silence as an admission of defeat and burst into laughter as he put away his sword.

"Hahaha! As expected, you can't do it, can you? I was right. The articles in the magazines are all exaggerated. You're just a student, what do you mean by the best talent...."

Uorin put his hand on his waist and spoke with a pouty expression.

"Brother, that's too harsh."

Zion didn't even pretend to listen and threw Armand.

The magic sword that emitted a cold light flew swiftly and quietly to its original place and stood upright.

Shirone belatedly realized that there was no stand to support the sword from the beginning.

"Do you know why I don't kill you? Because you're not worth it. There are plenty of people who hate you in Wangseong, even if it's not me. You must have felt it, right? This morning."

Shirone didn't understand what Zion meant. In the morning, he was busy with the paternity test and there was nothing else unusual.

If he had to pick something, it would be that he couldn't contact Reyna?

But if something had happened on that side, it should have already spread in Wangseong.

"What are you talking about? What happened this morning?"

Then Zion tilted his head.

Although he was unlucky, Zion knew better than anyone that Shirone wasn't stupid.

It meant that Reyna, who was his legal representative, had blocked the information going to Shirone in advance.

'Hmm, she's not an ordinary person either.'

He had underestimated her because she wasn't a noble, but she was more skillful than he expected. Well, that's why she was sent by the Ogent family.

Anyway, she clearly didn't want the situation from last night to surface.

It was an excellent judgment, even though she was an enemy.

"Hmph, now that I see it, you're really pitiful. In the end, your allies don't trust you either. You're probably the only one who doesn't know what happened last night in Wangseong."

Shirone retorted with a surge of emotion.

"Then what happened? I'm asking you."

From what Zion said, Reyna knew about it. How could he not know what she knew?

It wasn't an emergency notification. But he had no idea what prevented her from sending Amy.

"Never mind. I'll go and ask her myself."

Shirone decided that he couldn't hear anything from Zion and walked towards the door. Uorin, who had been listening until then, opened his mouth.

"You probably won't be able to meet her even if you go. I heard she moved her accommodation last night."
```
[Translated block]


```
Shirone looked back at Uorin while holding the doorknob.

This was also the first time he heard this story. What was happening around him?

"Moved? Where to?"

"I didn't hear that either. Your legal representative added a disclosure ban clause at dawn. Maybe you can find out if you go to Alhyeon."

It was a suggestion to go directly to the supreme ruler.

Moreover, a disclosure ban clause. It was not a diplomatic means with powerful effects, but it was a hostile response from the perspective of Reina, who was relatively weak.

Shirone, who finally sensed that the situation was not good, left the gallery without looking back.

@

An awkward silence flowed in the gallery where Shirone left.

Zion glanced at Uorin. Whether she knew the chilly atmosphere that penetrated the space or not, she was just engrossed in drinking tea. Even if an hour passed like this, she wouldn't blink an eyebrow. His sister was such a woman.

"Whose side are you on?"

"What are you talking about? Side?"

Uorin asked back with an innocent expression.

Zion eventually exploded with anger.

"Why are you nice to Shirone? That kid is my enemy! And an enemy who tries to take away the throne! Then you should naturally help me!"

Uorin felt burdened by the blatant demand.

"Why are you like that, brother? We never had such a conversation before. Don't tell me you were nice to me because you wanted that? Because I'm Tera's daughter?"

"No, it's not that, but..."

Zion's face flushed.

People in the world would not know how humiliating it was to hear such words from his sister.

In fact, she was helpful just by existing.

If he just showed his business card as Uorin's older brother, any nobleman would not spare his support. He had eliminated countless enemies with that powerful firepower so far.

Maybe Uorin knew it. Yet she never mentioned it.

That's why he liked it. But it turned out to be a boomerang and stabbed his back.

'Chet! This is how it will come out?'

Zion turned away with a bitter heart and snorted.

In an atmosphere where he seemed to never speak again, Uorin sighed and patted her brother's back.

"Hey, really. I know. Don't you think I have any thoughts? It's just awkward to have this kind of talk between us. This is one of the reasons why the royal family is divided. There is no one here who can threaten you anyway. What are you so afraid of?"

Zion also wondered.

What exactly is he afraid of?

Shirone is nothing but a bastard without foundation or basis. All he has to show off is his poor reputation in the magic society. The ability of an archangel? This is a palace where even grand magicians tremble.

"I got it. I was narrow-minded. I'm sorry."

Zion quickly changed his attitude. He felt good that his sister understood his heart.

Uorin said a few more words that Zion wanted to hear and returned to her seat.

Unlike Zion, who had a smile on his mouth, she stopped pouring tea and sighed longingly at the ceiling.

'Hoo, anyway, men.'

2. The trap of choice (1)

Shirone went to the administrative department and applied for Alhyeon.

The permit came down in 10 minutes. It was such a quick job that it seemed like there was an order.

When he arrived at Alhyeon's room, a guard opened the door for him. Orcamp dressed in clothes was waiting.

"I was about to call you. Come this way."

Shirone sat down opposite Orcamp.

He was thinking about where to start, but Orcamp answered before he asked a question.

"I moved your family's accommodation to an annex. Tell the manager to guide you."

The quick explanation sounded like an excuse.
```
[Translated block]


```
But he didn't come to see the king just to find out about the accommodation. What Shirone wanted to know was something more essential.

"What am I missing here?"

Orkamp sighed.

Being a king is ultimately a dead end. Reyna could have escaped from the difficult questions, but he couldn't.

"There were five assassination attempts from last night to dawn. Three were poisonings, two were assassins. Lethal doses of poison were detected in the food that went to the family. At dawn, assassins were caught in the royal apartment at one-hour intervals. They killed themselves before we could trace their backers, but it's obvious that they were targeting you."

Shirone felt like he had been hit in the head with a hammer.

Assassination is something that people do. But it was so unexpected that it felt like a natural disaster.

"Why are they trying to kill us?"

"What do you mean? Did you think nothing would happen?"

To be honest... he did.

Of course he wasn't careless. But it was a different matter to be sure that the enemies would act within two days of arriving at the palace.

"Assassinating the first prince candidate is a serious crime. If the culprit is exposed, it would be enough to destroy their clan. How can they do such a thing in just two days?"

"Do you think they are foolish? No, Shirone. Rather, this is a very rational and clever decision. It's piercing the blind spot of your thinking."

"The blind spot of... my thinking?"

"Assassins are divided into two categories. Assassins and hitmen. There is a saying among the orthodox assassins: 'It's not people who kill, it's situations.' You can avoid blood if you want. But you can't avoid situations. If they had to kill you anyway, yesterday was the best opportunity."

Shirone corrected his mistake.

He didn't forget the danger of assassination. But on the other hand, he had a thought like 'Surely not now?'

"Assassins are not good at using swords, but at manipulating situations. That's why in the palace, one assassin is more frightening than a hundred guards. They pierce the blind spot of your thinking. Once you get caught, you have no choice but to give up your neck even if you know it."

Orkamp was right.

Why was he relieved?

No, it wasn't such a level of delusion. You can't live by checking every part of your thinking. Even if he corrected one thought, they would have found another blind spot and entered.

"Shirone, don't try to analyze everything with your head. The palace is a place where beasts are swarming. Even if the price of failure is high, there are no cowards here who miss the opportunity to act because they are afraid. "

Orkamp got up from his seat and walked to the desk. He poured a strong drink into a crystal glass and said.

"Reyna made a good judgment. Anyway, you can become an official successor in three days. There's no point in starting a mud fight now. It would only hurt us. So just pretend you don't know anything."

Shirone clenched his fist.

He admitted that Reyna's judgment was right. But it was a situation where even his parents could have died.

"Are you saying we should just take it? We could use this as an excuse to counterattack."

Orkamp gave a bitter smile.

"Then let me ask you this. Who do you think is behind this?"

"That's obvious, the Teraze faction..."

Shirone stopped talking.

Was it only the Teraze faction that was after him? That was also a blind spot of his thinking that he hadn't looked back on.

"...I don't know."

"That's right, you don't know. Changing the first prince candidate is something that moves all the interests of the kingdom. It's not an exaggeration to say that anyone has a motive to get rid of you."

Shirone sorted out the people who were on the line of fire.

The faces of countless people passed by. Even Orkamp...
```

Is this translation satisfactory?
[Translated block]


"Does everyone wish me dead?"

Orkamp returned to his seat with a crystal glass.

"It's a kind of warning if Terazera is behind it. If they're neutral, it's to see your reaction. They want an accurate source to know what kind of person you are."

"A warning? It's a lethal dose of poison. I would have died if I ate it. Amy, who came with me without any sin, almost died too."

Orkamp swallowed the bitter liquor. Shirone was too excited, but maybe that was normal.

Assassination is too far a concept for ordinary people. They might be robbed or hit by a carriage, but they would go crazy in less than a month if they had to endure a day thinking that an expert killer was targeting them.

He lived that life. He ate, went to the bathroom, had children, and lived with assassins all his life. He was rather abnormal to forget everything with a sip of bitter liquor.
[Translated block]