


[687] Incident Occurrence (2)

* * *

"Ugh! Save me from the goblin!"

Shirone caught Kido, who was flailing as he fell, like a swallow.

"I told you I'd catch you. Why are you making such a fuss?"

"Damn it! I hate the sky!"

For Kido, who had realized the laws of the earth, the sky, where there was nothing to hold onto, was an uncomfortable place.

"Anyway, that human is really reckless. I didn't expect him to break this."

The earthquake caused by the fall of the life flower had destroyed more than half of Radum.

"Rather, it's better. I don't really like ancient weapons."

The map weapon, which judges by looking at the map, does not try to look into what is there.

It only considers the scale of damage and profit according to strategy and tactics.

This was why Shirone refrained from using wide-area destruction magic, which boasted powerful power, as much as possible.

"That's your thought. Is that thing very expensive?"

Shirone, who had put Kido on the ground, looked around.

Due to the shock of the life flower falling, the dust on the ground was all blown up by the wind bouncing like a rubber plate, and it was a situation where one could not see an inch ahead.

Fortunately, it was raining, so the time when visibility was obstructed would not be long.

'Spectrum has been annihilated and the life flower has been broken. What is La Enemy thinking?'

Shirone looked back at Maylei.

"How about it? Is your voice still......"

Shirone felt like her heart was stopping and met her eyes.

"You... who are you?"

Although the appearance did not change, the person in front of her now was not Maylei.

If the face is a mirror that reveals emotions, her face, which is staring at Shirone with her lips puckered, contained unknown emotions that she had never seen in any human before.

"......"

When she couldn't hear anything from Maylei, Shirone opened the box.

There is a concept that defines the material behind the material.

The sword is a collection of atoms, but to recognize it as a sword, the concept of a sword must precede it.

Therefore, if the concept of indestructibility precedes the sword, it will not be destroyed in reality, and this is the identity of Lian's great sword <Idea>.

Soul, Idea, Concept.

It doesn't matter how you define it, but if a human being, a being of the five senses, tries to step into this area, there are two ways.

One is to escape from the physical body made of matter (brain of speed).

Another is to feel the world behind from the realm of reality (box).

Shirone, who examined Maylei with the latter's ability, got goosebumps.

'What is this?'

Maylei's conceptual form was different from humans.

The body was thin like a thorn, the height was over 3 meters, and the top of the head was spread out like a fan and sprouting.

The arms were thin and long, the waist was crooked, and the pupils were covered with shiny black retina without pupils.

"You, who are you......"

When Shirone was about to speak, Kido grabbed her wrist.

"It's okay. Just leave it for now."

"Kido, what happened?"

Kido couldn't feel the box, but he was predicting to some extent through the taste of memory.

"I knew it when I ate Maylei's blood. Her memory is not human."

Maylei's memory was something that a goblin's imagination could not analyze.

"Anyway, it's clear that she's going to fight La Enemy. In other words, she's an ally."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"That's......"

Maylei spoke to Shirone.

"It's been a long time, Hexa."

It was not human language, but the Ultima system translated it.

"Do you know me?"

No, to be precise, it was Hexa.

It was Shirone who recalled Hexa's memory with Igor's ability, but she still didn't feel like it was hers.

Maylei, who was looking around, spoke.

"There's too much noise. It means it's time. Wait a little. You'll know everything."

"Wait? What for?"

Maylei, who raised her head, pointed her index finger at the sky and spoke.
[Translated block]
"Event."

* * *

"Damn it!"

The collapse of the life flower caused numerous casualties regardless of the racial hierarchy, but only the pure-blooded vampire Lyca could save his life in a desperate situation.

"Do you think I will perish with just this?"

Lyca, who crawled out of the gap in the fallen life flower, struggled to get up.

The tower was so huge that even when it fell, it seemed like a cliff was standing.

'I want to suck blood right now... but recovery is the priority.'

Vampires are a unique race with the concept of half-life and half-spirit.

They, who stay on the boundary line of material and concept, can destroy or penetrate walls depending on their will, but nothing works perfectly.

For example, wood is easier to destroy than stone, so the material that is easy for vampires to penetrate is also wood.

The iron wall of the Rufist was so strong that it was difficult to destroy unless it was pure blood, and therefore, Lyca, who was hit by a tidal wave, was in a state of disarray in both body and spirit.

"It's commendable that you're still alive."

Rufist walked on the ground that had become a mud puddle mixed with rainwater and dust.

'Damn it.'

It could be said that Rufist's obsession to find Lyca to the end at the scene of an accident equivalent to a natural disaster was great.

"I'm glad you're alive. I don't intend to kill you nicely."

Lyca, who showed his fangs, countered.

"Hehehe. It's a pity. Does a dead woman come back just by breaking the life flower? You couldn't even take the seed. Your mission is a complete failure."

There was no way he didn't know that the core reason for sending the Magic Association president from Wangseong was the life flower.

"It's none of your business to die soon."

A gurgling sound came from Lyca's throat.

"Lowly humans... dare to kill a vampire?"

Rufist sighed long.

"Human, human. Can you guys only make that sound?"

"It's a fact. It's ridiculous that a weak race is ruling the world."

"That's right, it's weak."

Rufist readily agreed.

"Generally speaking."

Lyca's eyes became fierce.

"Let me tell you an interesting story. Two men fell into hell with their families."

Rufist showed the back of his hand and raised his index and middle fingers.

"And they decided to get out of hell. But, one man succeeded, but one man couldn't."

When he bent his index finger, only the middle finger remained.

Even though he knew it was a curse used among humans, Lyca had to suppress his anger.

"The man who failed couldn't abandon his family. If his wife falls, he raises her, if his child falls, he carries him and runs. And in the end, the gate of hell was closed."

Rufist laughed.

"On the contrary, the man who succeeded didn't care about anyone. Whether his wife falls into a pit of fire, his parents scream in pain, or his child sheds tears of blood, he just runs and finally escapes from there before the gate of hell closes."

Rufist spread his arms and asked.

"Isn't it strange?"

"What do you want to say?"

"As you know, this is a metaphor. A metaphor for the system of human society. The more responsibilities you have, the less competitive you are. Yet they choose responsibility over competition. Those 'general' humans you mentioned."

There was a glint in Rufist's eyes.

"People who hear this story usually react similarly. They sympathize with the failed man and criticize the successful man. So there are few people who ask this question. Why did the successful man have to run, leaving the people he loved most in the world in hell?"

Rufist raised his index finger.

"Because it's efficient. The moment you take responsibility for someone, everyone dies. Then what about the mind of that man who runs and abandons his family? Can he really be sane?"

Rufist shook his head.
[Translated block]


"Absolutely not. Obsession with success, madness. I call this mental murder. Whether you are born without guilt or suppress it with the power of reason, the outcome depends on how many precious people you can kill in your heart. And the upper echelons of the current human system are swarming with such madmen. What do you think, do you still think humans are a weak species?"

The face of the laughing Ruphist became cold.

"The opponent standing in front of you now is a human who has surpassed the category of normal. Everyone who is currently in Radum and performing their mission are terribly cruel mental murderers. Only those who had to kill their most beloved people to become a magician, to propagate the will of good, to climb to the end of swordsmanship, remain. Killing, killing, killing, and continuing to kill."

Friends, family, even the only thing that can be obtained by killing oneself is...

The real me.

"Don't think it will be the same as the good humans you've been sucking blood from so far. There is no one normal here. Madmen who can do anything to achieve their goals are swarming at the top of the world. It's not a system where a lower race like a vampire dares to step in."

"Kieeeee!"

Laika rushed in with a scream.

Even though the soul has not yet recovered half, he could not control the anger that his racial pride was trampled on.

'Jane......'

Ruphist, who had poured out the remaining words without hesitation, did not feel relieved.

The reason why a genius magician of the mental series died in such a den of an Ain species would also be because someone had to take responsibility.

'I should have killed you. You should have lived.'

Perhaps Jane wanted to escape from the guilt of mental murder and wanted a better life.

Steel Magic-Diamond Water.

As Ruphist turned his body slowly, Laika, who had rushed in, passed Ruphist by kicking the ground.

"La Enemy!"

The quick sword pierced the air at a terrifying speed.

"Wherever you are!"

Sniffing his nose, Shagal flew to the opposite side where the bioflower fell.

"I'll find and kill you!"

Ruphist took Nemesis out of the cubic.

'The fact that the sense of smell has detected it means that everyone will gather soon.'

La Enemy began to move.
[Translated block]