


[311] The Wheel of Karma (3)

"I knew this would happen."

When the woman tried to pull away, Zenoger slammed her back of the head against the wall.

A dull sound burst out as the porcelain skin that covered her face fell off.

It was a hideous man's face. No, it was impossible to tell the gender from the appearance.

He had no eyebrows or eyelids. Only his eyes were moving left and right in his sockets.

"Hehehe, a face specialized for disguise? You're as ugly as me."

The unidentified assassin spoke for the first time.

"Oh, you're seeing me for the first time. I've seen your ugly mug enough to make me sick."

Zenoger's expression twisted.

It was the same line he had said to Arius before. He shouldn't be shaken by a psychological warfare.

But he had a sudden thought that crossed his mind. There was always one bodyguard following Teresa's child. But he had never seen Uorin's bodyguard.

"No, that can't be. You didn't trigger my senses, did you? Where were you hiding?"

The assassin changed his voice again and spoke.

"What are you talking about? I was always behind you."

Zenoger's face turned pale.

He knew for sure who owned this voice. It was the nameless manager who delivered orders from Zion.

'Damn it! So that's how it was!'

Specialized in disguise, unique gait, the line he said to Arius.

It was clear that he was an assassin sent by Uorin.

'Calm down. He's weaker than me anyway. I can't fall for his psychological warfare.'

Zenoger suppressed his opponent's amplified parts with his six hands. There was no way for the frail assassin who burned his muscles for disguise to escape.

"Now answer my questions. If you lie, I'll rip off your limbs. Does Uorin know where the Spaturu tribe is hiding?"

"...He knows."

"Really? Where is it? Answer quickly! You're his direct guard, you must know!"

"The Mountain of Waves. The Valley of Truth."

Zenoger felt like his spirit was collapsing.

Uorin knowing the hiding place meant that he had already sent a punitive force. By tomorrow morning, the Spaturu tribe would be erased from history.

"Give up. Even if you escape from here, there's nowhere for you to go."

"Uh... Uaaaah! Shut up!"

Zenoger didn't give up.

He had to survive even more if his tribe was massacred. If it ended like this, what was the value of giving up his humanity for a thousand years?

"Die! You bastard!"

Zenoger lifted his left middle arm and clenched his hand into a point. He swiftly stabbed it like a spear into the assassin's vital point and grabbed his heart.

The heart burst and the assassin's body twitched. His shocked eyes shook.

* * *

Clang!

One of El Crouch's porcelain dolls lined up on the shelf broke. The body rolled down under the shelf and made a second explosion sound.

Uorin, who was sitting at the table, blinked slowly as if he didn't hear it. Then he walked to the cabinet and took out a strong liquor.

He filled half of a crystal glass and returned to the table. He sat on a chair and crossed his legs, shaking his white calves as he sank into thought.

"Hmm..."

The porcelain doll broke.

That meant another life had disappeared.

The crystal glass parted her cherry-like lips and went in. The transparent liquid flowed down and moistened her tongue before coming out again.

"What a boring night."

* * *

Zenoger stared at the assassin with terrifying eyes.

He had killed countless people before, but this was the first time he encountered something beyond his comprehension. He stabbed his vital point and burst his heart. He could still feel the heart cooling in his hand. But why...
[Translated block]


"You're not dying, are you?"

"I died, once."

Zenoger accepted the assassin's words at some point between understanding and insight.

He was briefly curious, but it was a fleeting thought. There was nothing to know for someone who was leaving this world.

"So you're an assassin."

"It's not people who kill."

The assassin swung his only free left hand. A flash of light drew a line and Zenoger's head flew off.

"It's the situation that kills."

The assassin watched Zenoger's head bounce on the floor and pulled out Zenoger's arm that was stuck in his chest. Zenoger's body, which had fallen to the floor, glowed roughly and then a fountain of blood spurted from the cut surface of his neck.

The assassin had no emotion. Even if he had any emotion, he would not be able to express anything with his face.

Doll maker El Crouch.

Only a few people knew that he was obsessed with black magic 200 years ago when he was active.

In the days when he received attention from the world with his technology of jointless joint dolls, a woman came to him.

Surprisingly, the visitor was Theresa, who ruled the continent.

The two had a lot of conversations, and the day after Theresa left, Crouch died. At least officially.

Hundreds of celebrities flocked to his funeral. But when they were shedding tears, Crouch was on a small boat heading to a country in the East.

He arrived at the place where Theresa instructed him. It was the family of doll masters. He quickly learned the skills of doll masters, who had been well versed in black magic from the beginning.

How to make dolls feel affection. How to make a permanent power engine that the devil taught. How to install an organ in a dead body, etc.

Crouch learned all the processes and left the East.

When he returned home, 180 years had passed. But he had already modified his body into a doll and could not die even if he wanted to.

The first thing he did was collect his works that he had made long ago. He could only disperse his life into dolls made with the soul of a doll master.

But most of the works were sold and there were only a few pieces left to collect.

At that point, Theresa gave her first order. She told him to catch her daughter Uorin's tail.

Uorin liked Crouch and started collecting El Crouch's porcelain dolls from then on.

"Miss Uorin, it's me."

Crouch knocked on Uorin's visit.

It was a useless act for an assassin who could infiltrate anywhere, but today he had to greet her formally.

"Come in."

Crouch slowly opened the door and entered.

Uorin, who was leaning her arm on the back of a chair and drinking alcohol, appeared. She seemed drunk, and greeted him with a seductive smile that she hadn't seen before.

"Yeah, what's up, you came all the way to my room?"

Crouch laughed happily. But he had no muscles to express his expression, so he couldn't convey that it was an interesting joke.

"I removed Spatur's mongrel, Princess Uorin. No..."

Crouch bowed his head as if he couldn't be satisfied with it and knelt down on the floor.

"Empress Theresa."

Uorin chuckled and looked out the window. It was still dark outside, but there were signs of dawn breaking.

"You're quick-witted."

Crouch lowered his head and confessed honestly.

"To be honest, I didn't know until yesterday. I realized it when I saw the windmill. You fooled me even though I was by your side for 24 hours. When did you awaken?"

"Two years ago."

Crouch stuck out his tongue.

As a doll master, he knew every detail of human expressions. He didn't miss even the slightest movement of facial muscles. It was shocking that he didn't know that Uorin had awakened for two years.

'Well... You've been through eternity.'

Theresa is 'Mitochondrial Eve'.

Mitochondria are only passed on from mother to child. Therefore, if you follow the lineage, you can meet all human ancestors, and that is Mitochondrial Eve.
[Translated block]


```text
A long time ago, a woman's mitochondria caused a strange mutation. It was an absolute genetic ability to pass on 100% of her memory to her children.

Teresa's daughter awakens her ancestors' memories perfectly after the age of ten. When a mother gives birth to a child, the child becomes a mother again.

It was the same as one human being living forever, only borrowing the means of reproduction.

She must have existed before she had the name Teresa. Maybe it was a time when she was nothing more than a primate. That's why she doesn't know when she came into being.

But the history since then was all in her head. From the beginning of mankind to now.

That's why she was the only human being who had MacLaine Goffin's deja vu.

Teresa knew long ago. The fact that she would eventually go extinct with just the ability to clone herself.

She could get sick, get caught up in a war, or be swept away by a natural disaster.

She worked hard to enhance the efficiency of individuals. And after four thousand years of breeding experiments, she figured out how to put her father's genes selectively into the modified body.

From then on, Teresa excelled in every way.

She inherited the traits of a superior-looking man and became more beautiful, and inherited the blood of an absolute person and gained a strong will.

The ability to handle wealthy merchants, the physical ability of swordsmen, the intellectual ability of great magicians, and all the traits that helped her rule the world were absorbed into her body and passed on to the next generation, and she awakened her memory again and endlessly repeated the same thing.

In the process of repeating herself, Teresa became stronger.

Since these traits did not appear in her son, she built a country herself as a woman. And now she is the emperor of Kashan and one of the three emperors who rule the world.

"It's been a long time, Crouch. The handsome face of a handsome man is badly damaged."

Crouch realized that it was Teresa who came to him 200 years ago, not fourteen-year-old Uorin, and bowed his head politely.

"Thanks to your help, I gained immortality. To a puppeteer, a face is just wrapping paper. My pride is the organs that make up my body."

"Huhu, that's like you. Well... it was like that on the first day we met."

Uorin would remember everything, but Crouch was vague.

He couldn't answer right away, so he asked a question to break the awkward silence.

"The wind master came. You must have expected it and called him. Did you know that Shirone would survive?"

Uorin went to the window and pulled back the curtain. The garden seen from the apartment was still quietly asleep.

"Politics is not about giving one and getting one. It's about making an offer that you can't help but win no matter what you choose. It would have been nice if Shirone survived, but it wouldn't have been a bad result if he died."

"I see."

"But I can say this. He was qualified enough to survive."

"I know you tested him several times."

Uorin looked at the ceiling and recalled back then.

"First I tested my luck. When I turned &lt;Daily Gift&gt;, I won an excessive gift. I thought it might be possible."

Crouch tilted his head as if he couldn't understand.

"Did you know that my work would arrive as a gift?"

Uorin nodded.

"The world is like a marble machine. Inside are blue events and red events mixed together. People outside can't tell what pattern marbles will come out in. That's human beings. Just go in front of the machine and turn it without knowing what will come out. Crouch, do you think there is such a thing as luck?"

"Luck. Well. Looking back, I think I was lucky."

Uorin smiled and continued talking.

"There is no such thing as luck. There is no such thing as misfortune either. Inside the box is already decided what order marbles will come out in. It's just that humans feel lucky or unlucky because they can't look inside the box. Some people may only get blue marbles all the time. Then some people may only get red marbles. Of course, there will be many more people who take blue and red marbles alternately. And that's all human life, life."
```
[Translated block]