


[661] Mercenary Recruitment (5)

'You've been aiming for this from the start.'

Luphirst's another scheme was to have Shiroene create a mercenary group and participate as a member of the mercenary group himself.

The best choice now, when the association cannot be used, was a small elite, and then it was the right choice for the strongest chairman to step forward.

'You said I was the captain.'

Although he was hit on the back of his head, it was a good thing that the helper was strong, so Shiroene passed by without knowing it.

"Uh, then……."

The document stated that the name was undisclosed and the main skill was intelligence and assassination missions.

'I decided to fail the unknown identity…….'

There won't be such a thing because Aria is a document examiner.

It seemed that he had calculated up to this point and included her in this operation.

"Let's test it first. Both of you are wizards, shall we see the spirit zone?"

"I'll do it first."

The man presumed to be Luphirst, number 28, stepped forward.

At that moment, when Shiroene swallowed her saliva with the tension of evaluating the spirit zone of a certified first-class great wizard, an enormous murderous intent came in through the sympathetic sense.

'Surprise!'

The offensive spirit zone spews thorns all around, but all the thorns were currently focused on Shiroene.

In a situation where he had to pass even if he danced, he showed his skills seriously and a little bit of buoyancy rose.

'Should I fail?'

Then Luphirst's spirit zone trembled slightly and conveyed information through Shiroene's sympathetic sense.

As if reading Braille with your fingers, Shiroene completed the sentence by combining signals of hostile intent that seemed to prick.

-213 is definitely pass.

'I'll do it myself.'

Shiroene, who grumbled inwardly, handed the document to Aria.

"Thank you for your hard work. Next is number 29."

When Secretary General Jane entered the spirit zone, a sympathetic sense as flexible as liquid compared to Luphirst was conveyed.

'It's a mental series wizard.'

I know Arin, who received God's blessing in this series, but her mental fluidity was tremendous even compared to her.

'It feels like I'm submerged in the sea.'

Shiroene, who marked the pass on number 29's document, said.

"Thank you for your hard work. The passers will be announced after the first evaluation is over. I hope for good results."

"Thank you."

Shiroene stared at the figures of numbers 28 and 29 entering the building from the vacant lot.

'213? Is he a strong person?'

Anyway, it was something I would know if I watched.

As it moved on to number 30, skilled people began to mix.

When the number reached 100, the number of passers in the first test exceeded 20, and it was 121's turn.

"Next person, come in. Huh?"

Shiroene, who confirmed the name of number 121, tilted her head as if she couldn't believe it.

"What? Why this person……."

Slowly raising her head, a familiar person was standing in front of her.

"Nice to meet you, Shiroene."

"Teacher Etela?"

It was definitely Lomi Etela of Alpheus Magic School, but the atmosphere was completely different from what she saw at school in a shabby cloak.

"Why are you, teacher?"

"I heard on the way that a mercenary group is being organized. I look forward to a good evaluation."

Etela bowed politely in the attitude of an applicant.

'There must be some circumstances.'

It was right to follow the principles of society after graduating from magic school, but the feeling of reunion in this way was quite strange.

I didn't want to evaluate my school teacher, so I was worried, but she took the posture of martial arts.

'Phew, it seems like you're going to be evaluated by a schema. That's a relief.'

Then, this time, Lian's eyes became serious.

'Is this person Etela.'

It was a character that Shiroene praised to the point of wearing out her mouth while talking about the story in heaven, and certainly the energy was not ordinary.

Etela, who was slowly swinging her arms, released the positive power, which can be said to be the basis of the Yin-Yang Wave Method.
[Translated block]


"Ta-da!"

That was the end of the demonstration, and the deflated Sirona turned her head to check Lian's expression.

His face, buried in thought with his chin propped up, was unreadable.

'Is this really okay? The skill is certain, but…….'

To the untrained eye, there was no discernible difference between his strike and those of the other candidates.

"Yes, thank you for your effort."

While one could argue that he had disregarded the judge, Lian's tone was respectful, and he marked the document as passed.

"I hope to see you in the second round."

The fact that he left without saying anything else to Sirona indicated his serious commitment to the mercenary group.

"Lian, was it some kind of amazing skill?"

When Sirona asked out of pure curiosity about the reason for his passing, Lian seemed to struggle to answer.

"Actually, I don't know."

"What? You don't know?"

"Even though I'm judging, honestly, I don't really understand the techniques or theories. After all, my swordsmanship was honed in real combat."

Lian's lack of technical talent, to the point of dropping out of the Kaisen Swordsmanship School, belatedly came to mind.

"So, on what basis?"

"There's only one way. I assume that I'm the one taking the attack directly. And when Ms. Etela exerted her power……."

Lian turned to Sirona and said,

"I got goosebumps all over my body. I don't know why. I don't know if there was any technical excellence. I just thought I didn't want to fight if I could, so I decided to bring her in as an ally."

For Lian, who had no technical talent, his senses honed in real combat were everything.

So if his instincts warned him, there was no reason for Sirona not to accept it.

"Okay, I understand."

His heart lightened as the number of competent passers increased.

'Maybe I don't need to take responsibility for everything, with the association president and Ms. Etela.'

By the time the sun set, most of the candidates had finished their tests, and it was the turn of the last of the 100s, number 199.

Aria, who had checked the document, propped her chin on the table and smiled.

"Finally, my secret weapon has arrived."

The two who heard her words also checked the document, and Lian's face hardened the moment he saw the name.

"No way……."

The sound of footsteps, which felt wrong just by hearing them, approached.

A man who walked with a limp, carrying a long sword with the weight concentrated at the end on his waist.

The sleeve covering the right arm that had been cut off from the shoulder fluttered every time he moved.

'Parka Kuan.'

He had heard that he had thrown away his right arm himself, but the atmosphere was too different from before, so he checked the profile.

Sure enough, it said he was a teacher at the Kaisen Swordsmanship School.

"It's been a while, Lian."

"Ugh!"

He was a swordsman who was respected by one person, but there was no good memory to look back on.

Sirona was also surprised, and looked at Aria as if asking for an explanation.

"What happened?"

"He's Kuan, who will be my bodyguard this time. How about it, you can rest easy now, right?"

Sirona knew Kuan's skills better than anyone.

"But how do you know Mr. Kuan, Aria?"

"What are you talking about? How could I not know a teacher from the Kaisen Swordsmanship School? Besides, he's currently working as a civilian investigator in the area where we're going to carry out our mission. He's perfect for my bodyguard in many ways."

'He was in Radum.'

He had heard that he had been doing some kind of work with Miro since he returned from heaven.

"Then, by any chance, Mr. Armin or Mr. Sain……."

"No. Currently, I'm the only one in Thormia."

"I see."

When Sirona showed a disappointed look at the thought that he might meet Miro, Kuan frowned.

"Why? Am I not good enough?"

"No! That's not it at all……."

Lian cut off his words.

"Let's proceed with the test. If you can't pass, you can't work together anyway."
[Translated block]


It was an opportunity to get back at what happened at the Kaizen Swordsmanship School.

"Although you were once an instructor, there are no special favors. I hope you do your best."

Kuan didn't even snort.

"You're still stupid."

Lian's eyes flipped over.

"What's wrong! Have you forgotten who the judge is now? I'm not the old me!"

'Hmm, definitely....'

He had become a completely different person from what he had seen at the swordsmanship school.

He wanted to check Lian's achievements while helping Miro with his work, but the first thing was to pass the public test.

"Well, why don't you swing your sword a little."

Unlike Etela, Lian watched with a relaxed attitude, without any tension.

As expected, Kuan casually drew his sword and started cutting in a different direction, limping on his right foot.

"......"

After a while, Lian, who had been resting his chin, slowly took his hand off and unknowingly took a formal posture.

The trajectory of the sword cutting through the air, creating a soft wind sound, was filled with surprise and sadness on his face, which was staring as if enchanted.

'It's beautiful.'

A trajectory that he knew was there, but could never clearly recall.

Swinging his sword every day, the trajectory that Lian wanted so much was there.

'Is the genius's sword so beautiful?'

It was the realm of the sword that Lian could analyze because he had grown up.

About a minute after swinging his sword, Kuan skillfully put his sword back in its sheath and grumbled.

"Is it done?"

"Yes, thank you for your hard work."

Even if Kuan was an enemy, he had no choice but to pass.

Aria added.

"Let's talk in detail after the test is over."

Kuan nodded his head and left the evaluation site, and the 200s began to enter.

Despite the fatigue from the long hours of judging, his spirits were refreshed when it was the turn of the 213th that Luphyst had mentioned.

'What?'

It was a girl in her mid-teens with a completely different atmosphere from the veterans she had seen so far.

Her hair was short and black as pitch, and her thin figure could not be completely hidden even by a thick coat.

Shirone, who had been watching her standing with her hands together, checked her profile.

Her name was Meirei. She was a magician, not a native of Tormia, but a native of Galron Kingdom.

Galron, which borders the Kazra Kingdom to the north, is called the Holy Kingdom, but each country defines their god as an evil god.

Shirone's gaze was fixed on the last peculiarity, where no special matters could be found.

'Non-regulation eater.'

No matter what ability it was, there was no doubt that it was an ability needed for this operation.

"Please start."

Meirei spread the Spirit Zone with an indifferent expression.

Although she was only fifteen years old, she could not feel anything remarkable, but she could feel the unique temperament of a non-regulation eater.

'That's why he told me.'

Even if she was a non-regulation eater, if she didn't have the basics, she wouldn't be able to stand in Radum, so if she hadn't heard Luphyst's words, she would have been likely to fail.

Shirone, who checked the pass, handed over the documents and said.

"I've seen it. I hope for good results."

Meirei still did not leave her seat and stared at Shirone.

"Do you have something you want to say?"

"Is oppa Shirone?"

The first time I heard her voice, it was clear and addictive like a stream.

"Yes, but?"

"He's scared. Because oppa is a tactile."

Shirone frowned at the incomprehensible sound.

"Who is afraid of me?"

"La Enemy."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"How did you...?"

"I can hear it."

Meirei covered both ears and said.

"I can hear La's voice."

The character corresponding to the listener of the Great Purification, Asset Meirei.

She was a non-regulation eater who could eavesdrop on the frequency of God.

"La Enemy is afraid of you. Because you are a tactile."

Shirone frowned at the incomprehensible sound.

"Who is afraid of me?"

"La Enemy."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"How did you...?"

"I can hear it."

Meirei covered both ears and said.

"I can hear La's voice."

The character corresponding to the listener of the Great Purification, Asset Meirei.

She was a non-regulation eater who could eavesdrop on the frequency of God.
[Translated block]