


[515] A New Journey (1)

Miro and his companions returned to the integrated rebel headquarters.

It was possible because no one in the rebel knew of the existence of God's punishment.

The place where Zulu changed the landing point of God's punishment through the meta gate was 300 meters underground, the deepest point in Zion under Jebul.

Even though the explosion was confined in a natural bunker, the seismic wave swept through the whole heaven, so it was unimaginable how much the aftermath would be if it hit the ground directly.

'Mr. Crud ...'

Plu received the welcome greetings of the rebels awkwardly and recalled his face.

If he had listened to Plu's words and confessed everything to his subordinates, there would have been no need for Shironne's party to be sent back to headquarters for treatment.

"For the night of the winner! For the future of mankind!"

The rebels who were drunk under the moonlight shouted loudly.

Thinking of the death of their comrades, they had no choice but to do so.

The rebels who hated noise gathered in a quiet place and exchanged stories.

What they were most curious about was the huge earthquake that occurred at the last moment and the collapse of Arabot's spire.

Some people testified that they saw light falling from the sky, but no one thought it was magic.

Hundreds of torches burned in the vacant lot of the headquarters where there was no longer any concern about raids, and liquor tables were held all night long.

On the other hand, Shironne's party had no time to spare for treatment.

It was fortunate that Saint Moriac remained in Cage B team.

"Ugh!"

Arius' scream filled the infirmary.

He had a second-degree burn on his entire body and a crack in his crutch, but Moriac's hand, who cast healing magic, was mercilessly rough.

"I'm sorry. Please bear with me a little."

The process of skin regeneration and bone attachment inevitably involved pain.

But Moriac, who looked pitifully at Arius, had a smirk on his lips.

"If you can bear it a little... Hehehe! Oh, I'm sorry, hehehehe!"

As Moriac's face turned into a grotesque smile, Plu's face turned pale as he waited for his turn.

According to Tarvan, his personality became like that after divorcing his husband.

Anyway, his skills were excellent and emergency treatment was carried out quickly.

Moriac, who was laughing blankly, also gradually regained his seriousness as the patients' condition worsened.

Sein's chin was broken and Plu had fractures all over his body with bruises. The martial artist Ethela and Kangnan both had their hands broken.

But the person who suffered the most serious injury was Kuan.

He was a swordsman who lost one arm.

"How can it not be?"

Shina asked looking at the arm lying on a makeshift bed.

On the contrary, Moriac looked at Kuan's cut surface.

It is impossible to recover with magic if such a large physical loss occurs.

"He cut it clean. It doesn't seem like he crushed too many nerves. If you find a competent surgeon as soon as possible..."

"I don't need it."

Shina turned around, but Kuan ignored her gaze and kept a cold tone.

"It's an arm I blew off myself. It's meaningless to stick it back now."

It would be a lie if he didn't conflict.

A man who shakes his legs and an one-armed man would be a world of difference from Shina's point of view.

But in the end he decided to throw away his arm.

The realization as an one-armed man that he could protect Shina from anonymity.

What's the use of getting her heart if you can't protect her?

'The war is not over yet.'

I have to get stronger.

No one could read Kuan's thoughts, but Armin seemed to guess something and smiled quietly.

"Emergency treatment is over. I didn't treat everyone..."

Moriac looked at two people lying side by side on beds connected together.

There were also people who could not be treated due to wounds engraved on their minds rather than their bodies.
[Translated block]


It was Sirone and Gaold.

They were still trapped in their own hell, paying the price of their determination.

Miro ended the situation.

"There's nothing we can do. Anyway, they're not dead, so let's think about it slowly. For now, it's better to rest today."

Everyone knew that they wouldn't be able to sleep, but no one said a word and headed to their own rooms.

The loud noises of the drinking party that lasted until midnight were only heard as a surprise, and most of them were whispering in gloomy voices under the darkness of the night.

It was natural to become exhausted as much as the tension was relieved.

But Miro was busy checking the rooms of the party with Arius, who was dragging him around like a dog on a leash.

Anyway, they were the ones who came here to save him, so he had to take some responsibility, right?

When she arrived at Gaold's door, she hesitated to knock.

"......"

But soon she took a deep breath and shook her wrist.

Knock knock.

She opened the door without waiting for an answer, and Gaold, naked, was sitting on the bed unconscious, and Gangnan was wiping his body with a towel after bringing warm water.

Miro saw the bandage wrapped around Gangnan's fist.

The palm bone was almost crushed, and even Moriac's healing magic couldn't heal it completely, but she didn't even show any pain and was absorbed in wringing out the towel.

Maybe because it was in front of Miro.

"You're very sincere. He won't even appreciate it when he wakes up."

Gangnan's eyes tightened.

"Chairman will come back. Definitely."

Miro shrugged off Gangnan's spirit and smiled brightly.

"Yeah, he's not a human who would give up like this. But are you okay? He'll come at me again when he comes to his senses."

"You......!"

As Gangnan's anger reached its peak, Miro changed her expression and raised her hand.

"Sorry. It was a joke. I didn't mean to hurt you."

Arius, who was sitting in the corner like a dog, licked his lips.

He was the only one besides her who knew that there was a bone in Miro's words.

The mind of Miro, who approached through Drimo, was the extreme of emptiness without a single trauma.

But even she had a tiny shake.

It was engraved on the twentieth pillar of the temple erected in Miro's mind.

'Mikea Gaold.'

If it weren't for Arius, a grave robber, no one would have found it. A very small name.

That was the net that pulled Miro out of the trance.

The human mind is naturally stained with many wounds, so it was nothing but a speck of dust, but it was surprising because of that.

'Adrias Miro, the extreme of emptiness...'

He had been shaken by Gaold once.

-Then... save me...

Miro smiled bitterly as she recalled that night when she unknowingly popped out.

The only regret he left in his life.

'But you... you really did it.'

He devoted 20 years of his life to fulfilling Miro's wish.

It wasn't something that could be done just by being strong, but only by Gaold.

Miro looked at Gaold with pity, whose face was bruised and his beard grew stubbly on his body.

'You're such a soft-hearted guy. How are you going to survive in this harsh world?'

Well, that was Gaold, wasn't it?

Miro finished her thoughts and walked over to the bed and stroked Gaold's head.

"It must be a painful place..."

And she slowly leaned over and kissed his forehead.

"Have a good trip."

Miro, who had been hugging Gaold for a long time, straightened up again and said,

"Get ready to leave when you're done washing. We'll go back at dawn."

She had already extracted the coordinates from Inglesse with Sein to figure out Ra's will.

"What are you going to do with Sirone?"

Miro turned her head at Gangnan's question as she stopped walking.
[Translated block]


```text
"I'll take you. It's a waste of power to leave it like this."

He also destroyed Piel, one of the archangels, with the magic of God's punishment.

It was a thought that if he was a nineteen-year-old boy who had not even graduated from magic school, he could entrust the future of mankind to him.

'But it doesn't seem easy...'

Miro, who left Gauld's room, entered Shirone's room.

Shirone in a deep sleep state was visible, and Flue was reading a book on the opposite bed.

"Ah, what for...?"

"Just patrol. How are you?"

Flue closed the book and looked back at Shirone and said.

"There is still no sign of waking up. And Armando doesn't come off either."

Valhalla Action is an ability attached to Armando.

Moreover, since it was in a state of integration with the incarnation by means of one-body sympathy, it would not be released until Shirone paid off all his debts.

Miro had heard roughly what was going on from Flue when he arrived at headquarters, so he could guess that much.

"Valhalla Action. And for hundreds of years?"

"I don't know exactly. But Ikael, an archangel, said that maybe it could be a hint."

"What are you talking about?"

Flue summarized what Ikael had said.

Humans cannot normally live for hundreds of years.

But Ikael said that if the result came out like that, the cause must have been established in some way.

"I see. The reversal of cause and effect..."

"Did anything come to mind?"

Miro, who had been rolling his eyes with his chin on his chin, folded his thoughts and said.

"No, let's focus on getting back for now. We're not in a comfortable position either."

"That's true. Then when do we leave?"

"From now on."

"Huh?"

"Since the emergency treatment is over, it would be better to send Cage B team first. It's fortunate that I brought several coordinates just in case."

"I see."

If Cage B team returns safely, then it is unknown how it will change from then on.

Of course, it was unthinkable that they would touch them in the yard where they were the strongest party and Miro was there, but by identifying the return point alone, they could narrow down the range of the encirclement network, so moving separately was the answer.

"Then get ready."

Miro finished patrolling and left headquarters. In front of the main gate, Cage B team was waiting after finishing preparations to leave.

The war in heaven was over, but the human world would be busier in the future.

Tarban approached.

"You're here. Let's go."

Miro took out Geppin's disk from his arms and plugged it into the meta gate. A red light flashed briefly from the gap in the iron plate.

"It's done. Take it."

Tarban caught the meta gate thrown by Miro and asked.

"Where is it set?"

"What do I know? Whether it's in the middle of the desert or inside a giant whale? I set it roughly, so find your way."

Tarban didn't get annoyed.

Honestly speaking, it was a fortunate thing to be able to go back just by saying that.

"What are you going to do from now on?"

Miro turned around as he headed for headquarters.

"What do you mean?"

"Aren't you also a citizen of Tormia? Why don't you go back with us and cooperate with the kingdom?"

"A citizen of Tormia."

Of course Miro's homeland is Tormia.

And that homeland pushed him into a prison of dimensions that he didn't know when it would end.

"I know you're bitter. But you as well as Gauld team are also parties involved in the incident in heaven. You will be monitored by each country in the future. Rather than that..."

"Huhu, I politely refuse."

Miro turned around with a beautiful smile.

"I'm everyone's lover."

Tarban didn't propose twice.

It was a fact that no one could stop him if the greatest scale magician in history said no.

'Gauld, you woke up a monster.'

Miro returned to the human world again.

The political situation of each country in the world will change rapidly in the future.

'Anyway, it doesn't matter.'

When Cage B team returns, the incident that happened in heaven will be reported to Tormia, and based on this information, they will be able to exert influence in the international community.
```
[Translated block]


"I'm going back."

As Tarban activated the metagate and threw it on the ground, a black sphere was born as if it opened up space.

"I hope it's not really inside the belly of a giant whale."

As Cage B team left heaven and the black sphere of the metagate disappeared, Miro's steps stopped abruptly.

"Phew, then."

Another disk came out of her arms.

"Shall we go home too?"
[Translated block]