


[549] Code Decomposition (2)

One must choose between left and right.

The reason why it can't be caught even with a monstrous sense is probably because Lian's movement is exactly bisected to the left and right.

Whether it's left or right, it exists only with a precise 50 percent probability, a movement that is absolutely impossible without borrowing the power of the law.

And that movement pushed the maiden into a life-threatening gamble.

'Left!'

The moment the trace of the ground exploding came before her eyes, the maiden twisted her body and raised her sword.

With a bang, Lian's great sword was thrust.

There was no room to gauge the power of a single sword, so the maiden immediately flew her body to distance herself upon collision.

"Kuuh!"

Lian's body swayed as he swung his great sword.

Then the muscles in his thighs and calves ruptured, making a terrible noise.

Pain surged through the remaining nerves, but the maiden was also in a state of no leisure.

'I blocked it. Did I block it?'

She was able to twist her body to the left and block Lian's sword, but honestly, she had left it to luck.

The judgment that it is better to believe in a 50 percent probability and move to action rather than hesitate in front of a crisis showed how much she had been trained as a swordsman.

But if you think about it the other way.

'I almost died.'

With a 50 percent probability.

She, who had lived for more than 10,000 years, was almost cut by the sword of someone who had not even lived 20 years.

Even though the regret of life is a feeling of the distant past, the sense of humiliation was great.

'Bend!'

The maiden exploded her nirvana power to the limit and rushed towards Lian.

'All I have to do is be careful of that.'

The power when Dinai combined with regeneration was stronger than any axing, so she didn't even give him a chance to fly his body in the first place.

Facing her, Lian also moved his arm, which was nothing but bone, with the power of the law and blocked the attack.

If the maiden is acceleration, then Lian is constant speed.

The difference in skill and experience is absolute, but he was holding on by making up for that gap with the superiority of speed.

"Lian...."

Shirone, who had lost her spirit and was watching the battle, muttered.

"You've gotten stronger."

Even though her memory was a mess, she felt a deep joy from deep inside when she saw Lian's beautiful martial arts, which were as beautiful as they were cruel.

"Judge."

Then Shirone's heart sank.

The reason she knew just by hearing the voice was because the wave of death was deeply embedded in it.

Turning her head, she saw Yoh, who had lost his desire and was sitting on his knees.

"Yoh...."

"Judge, the sun of the flock is...."

Before the words were finished, Fermi's air cut off Yoh's neck.

"Yoh!"

Shirone's heart pounded heavily.

She was a woman who had a face like she had the world with just one shining magic.

Despite being a slave, she was the first person to believe and follow Shirone.

'Everyone's dead.'

Under the pyramid, the bodies of the guardians were piled up, and behind the bodies, the Fermi and Marsha combo were coming up.

"Judge."

Shirone, who had to hear the words she didn't want to hear, cursed her ears, but her head turned involuntarily.

Priest Bebeto was smiling kindly.

"Judge, you are a person who has the language of God. That's why I also suggested a confrontation."

Thanks to that, Shirone was able to save her life.

"Please, make a good world."

"No!"

The moment Shirone screamed, Bebeto connected the code and disappeared.

All he could do in front of Fermi and Marsha, who appeared, was to use his body as a meat shield and buy time.

Shirone looked at Bebeto, who was being slashed by the sword of perversion.

Make a good world.

Someone said that, and Bebeto said that.

Even if all of this is a lie, can we say that their pain is also a lie?

-You can turn it back, human.

When the voice of Digital Ra penetrated, Shirone looked down at her feet.
[Translated block]


Suddenly, a new mucus was climbing up him.

"Can it be reversed?"

-They can be saved. All the pain in the world can be eliminated.

The mucus had risen to his waist.

-Accept me. It's becoming a god and remaking this world.

"Lian......"

Lian, who was still fighting with the maiden, seemed to be saying with her whole body that she shouldn't.

"I'm sorry."

Shirone calmly closed her eyes and accepted Digital Ra.

"Huh!"

When the fusion ended and the immortal function opened, the avatar born from Shirone's body spread its wings of light.

As if flying towards the sun, Muscus pushed Shirone into the air above the pyramid.

"It's started!"

Shura, who was fighting with Miro, opened her eyes wide and looked back at the pyramid.

When a light stronger than the sun settled on the ground, everyone looked up at the sky.

Shirone and Ra became one and took over all the time and space of the apocalypse.

"Ah."

The human delusion seen through Digital Ra was a combination of numerous random numbers.

In that combination, war, famine, torture, all kinds of pain that humans can imagine were unfolding.

-What are you looking at?

A voice from somewhere.

From the bottom of memory, the voice of Gaia rose and stuck in his brain.

'Pain.'

-What are you looking at?

'Death. The extinction of life.'

-What are you looking at!

Shirone's eyes popped open.

'Ultimate!'

When the Ultima system, Elysion, was activated, another voice engraved in the farthest history of mankind reached Shirone.

-What are you looking at at the end of the ultimate?

Shirone answered like this.

"......Space (color is space, space is color)."

Cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo!

As the world shook, Shura activated the pyramid.

'Show me what you have.'

Miro also had to know what Shirone's collateral, which made the equivalent exchange of Valhalla Action possible, was.

'Yeah, what was there?'

The world began to fall apart into digital code.

The unique codes and numbers were falling like rain, which was a matter of course in the Undercoder, but the surprising thing was what followed.

'The code is being simplified.'

Unique code, that is, things that were composed of infinite decimals were simplified and fell to decimals.

'Quinary. Ternary. Binary.'

Shura, who had analyzed up to that point, felt her head turn pale and opened her mouth blankly.

"Unary......"

One.

All codes were converted to 1.

Even if it was binary, Shura could estimate the information of the sun and the cloud, but now it was impossible.

Even if the information of the sun is 11 and the information of the cloud is 111, there is no way to divide the two from 11111.

'There is no boundary. This is exactly......'

Gaia's insight, Elysion.

Going further, Miro realized.

'The simpler it is, the more it can reach the ultimate.'

And beyond that was only the realm of infinity.

Elysion was the only key to open the door in a trapped state and escape to an open state.

The bodies of the guardians, the bodies of the underground people, were buried in the flow of 1, and Shura, who had come to her senses, threw her body at the maiden.

'The void is pushing in!'

The world is ending, but the maiden who is still fighting looks up at the sky with her whole body, as if to say that she shouldn't.

"We have to go! It's resetting!"

"Wait! The game is still......!"

Shura disassembled her and the maiden's body into 1's code according to Shirone's protocol.

Lian looked at the collection of 1's that seemed to flow up against the waterfall of code.

For a moment, the boundary line seemed to be visible as an illusion, but soon it was indistinguishable from other codes.

Meanwhile, Shirone was still looking beyond the ultimate in the dark space of microcosm creation.

"Why are you leaving!"

Muscus Man appeared behind Shirone.
[Translated block]


"Even when the connection with Shirone was not made with a digital signal, he chased after borrowing the shape of a human directly.

But he couldn't touch Shirone.

It was a distance of less than 1 meter, but it was a boundary of space that Ra could never cross.

"Have you forgotten the value of this world! Can you leave after seeing so many pains, the entanglement of life?"

"There is neither falsehood nor truth."

Shirone turned around and said.

"It's just a dream that came out of nothing."

With that said, Shirone slowly turned her body and faded into the darkness.

"Wait, Shirone! You have a duty to answer me. Why......!"

Ra couldn't catch Shirone.

It was the gap between the confined state and the open state, which was even further than the end of the universe.

"Shirone!"

Apocalypse reset.

Shirone deletion (information system exit).

* * *

"What's going on?"

Miro's party was left alone in a pale space where nothing was left after the code disappeared.

As Marsha and Fermi looked around, Lian, who had lost his strength, sat down heavily.

Only Miro knew about the spot.

"Lian."

When Shirone revealed herself through the white landscape, Lian rushed up with her sick body.

"Shirone, you……."

"Yes. I remembered everything. I'm sorry for worrying you."

Lian bit her lip.

The fact that she remembered everything meant that she realized that she was nothing more than information.

"I'm sorry. But to save you……."

"Lian, I'm okay."

Shirone was sincere.

"Thank you for coming all the way here to save me."

Shirone looked at the others.

"Mr. Miro, Sister Marsha, thank you. Fermi, you too."

The fact that there was no hostility towards Fermi even hinted at Shirone's current state.

"Well, you don't have to do that to me."

Fermi shrugged and approached, implementing a contract of depreciation in his right hand.

"I'd appreciate it if you could sign first."

Shirone looked at the contract, but nothing came into her eyes.

Shirone, who received the pen, engraved her name.

"Is it done now?"

Fermi didn't even answer and turned his body.

His shoulders, who were staring at the contract and walking to a place where others couldn't see, shook slightly.

'Hehehe, hehehehe.'

The success of forgery can be said to have been successful only when the signature is transferred to reality, but Fermi's face was already intoxicated with victory and laughed grotesquely.

'I finally got it! 190 billion gold!'

Shirone, who was looking at Fermi's back, smiled a beautiful yet empty smile.

It would be nice if she didn't bother herself too much in reality, but now it was a matter of indifference.

"Well, goodbye everyone."

"Shirone, wait a minute!"

Before Lian's shout ended, the scenery changed to the room with the last entrance of Undercoder.

"Shirone……."

Miro approached and touched Lian's shoulder.

"Don't be upset. It's a natural thing for Shirone now. The real problem is the real Shirone."

"What do you mean?"

"The Ultima system integrates all information. So there's no boundary in Shirone's Elysion. In other words, there is a possibility that the immortal function can be controlled to the limit."

Fermi's face was wrinkled.

She was a troublesome opponent before going to heaven, but now she seemed to have a headache even more.

"What, Shirone is getting stronger. Isn't that a good thing?"

Miro shook his head.

"No. Elysion is a double-edged sword. There's nothing beyond the ultimate. I guess it's not a void that humans can bear. Can Shirone, who has that void in front of her, return to reality?"

Lian's face turned pale.

"But that's……."

"I know. The world of Apocalypse cannot exceed the limits of human thought. So I can't guarantee that it will be possible in reality. But if the same situation as today happens again……."
[Translated block]


"Miro, who had hesitated for a moment, opened his mouth.

"Shirone will never come back.""
[Translated block]