


[729] Flesh (2)

* * *

Labyrinth Andre - The 19,000th world.

The last world of Andre sealed by Gepin was a place that could not be understood by Shiro's common sense.

"Uuuuuu."

Countless naked humans were intertwined, making strange moaning sounds
[Translated block]


- The population has continued to decrease.

For those who endlessly delve into the virtual world, leaving a legacy was not an important issue.

- The project was perfect. Death cannot exist. Why is it decreasing? We must prevent the extinction of the species.

The drone quickly looked back at the city.

- You just have not to think. You just have to be unaware that you're alive. You're working hard.

The city took in the desolate gray landscape.

'This is the last world...'

The end of the mind.

There would be no one left who knew that the universe existed here.

'And this is...'

The last point where the concept of attack can reach.

- Go.

The drone said.

- Do the same as last time. I will not do any new calculations. Laziness is efficient.

Argo will not find a better solution.

"The same as last time..."

He had a hunch.

'It's about liberation.'

Sadness filled the eyes of the city, thinking of the people in the human storage.

As the city slowly closed its eyes and spread its arms, Argo said goodbye.

- The Utopia Project is perfect.

* * *

"Ha! Ha!"

Leaning against the building, Lian desperately lifted his staggering, bending knees.

'I can't fall asleep.'

He hadn't slept for six days.

- Smile. Smile.

The fact that he was just breathing and hearing Smile's hallucinations meant that his physical condition had already reached death.

A building collapsed with a roar, and a naked woman with a sword approached.

'How is she holding up?'

Lian's eyes, which were examining the female body, were indifferent.

According to Tsui's theory, if you unify your mind, you won't see things like panties.

"Krrrrrr."

A rough moan came out of the woman's mouth.

'She's not normal.'

Lian, who was the only comfort, bounced off the wall and the woman charged.

'My legs won't move.'

Lian, who jumped out at a terrifying speed, took her sword straight.

'My arms won't move.'

The great sword came down like a flash of light towards the woman's head.

"Yaaaaa!"

In front of the illusion of the world splitting in two, the woman flipped her eyes and went behind Lian.

"Kuk!"

Without even jumping, she flipped her body upside down and knocked Lian down with her knee.

'Suffocation!'

It was a strategy that the woman found after six days of battle.

"Kuuuuu!"

Even though she was just breathing, the woman who choked Lian's throat crouched like a cat.

"Krrr! Krrrrrr!"

And she lifted her elbow and started to hit Lian's forehead madly.

Listening to the sound of the skull breaking, Lian felt his consciousness fading away.

'No! If I lose consciousness, it's over.'

If you don't breathe for a long time in a coma, you may never wake up.

'I have to get out now!'

When Lian got up and ran with his head forward, many obstacles hit the woman.

"Krrrrrr......!"

Nevertheless, the woman locked Lian's forehead with her two legs like a lock and continued to hit it.

Finally, Lian's consciousness was cut off.

- Smile.

For the first time, the voice of the hallucination was clear.

'What?'

What Lian was looking at in his brain-crushed state was an ancient man with long black hair.

"Brother?"

He looked like Agent Lai, but his eyes were colder.

"Who are you? Where is this?"

"Body."

When the man threw his hand behind him, the same great sword as Lian's appeared and came down in an arc.

'Is that... Idea?'

It was questionable how the man had the only object in the world.

'No, where did you come from in the first place?'
[Translated block]


"Spirit."

The man who spat out so, strode up and swung a great sword in front of Lian.

"The body wields the spirit."

The vertical flash penetrated Lian's forehead, expanded left and right, and the world opened.

At the same time as Lian's eyes flashed open, the monstrous sense of the goblin woman forewarned danger.

'What?'

As soon as he moved away, the great sword drew a diagonal line and Lian sat up abruptly.

"Heuk! Heuk!"

As Lian's broken brain regenerated, consciousness returned as if connecting a film.

'I was cut.'

The goblin woman's right eyelid was torn diagonally and blood splashed out.

'How?'

Even before Lian swung his sword, the goblin woman was already sure of the danger.

But as if time had slowed down, she couldn't move her body even after seeing the sword flying.

"It's not a sword."

Lian, recalling what happened in a coma, muttered with enlightened eyes.

"What the body wields is the spirit."

-Do you understand?

The whole truth contained in one sword that Kuan showed in Radum rushed in, causing a shudder.

"Is it a heart sword?"

As the goblin woman, who had been in a beastly posture, stood up, a V-shaped avatar was born explosively.

"You came to the end..."

The figure of the goblin woman evaporated, and Lian's spirit moved faster than cognition.

'Bend!'

The heart cut the goblin woman first.

'Death.'

Although Lian's arm has not moved yet, it was only a moment of time stretched to the limit.

Even after seeing Lian's sword, which started late, trying to twist her upper body as much as possible, she didn't move a millimeter.

'How fast is it?'

Perhaps the speed of thought.

The flash containing numerous changes split the world, and Lian's arms burst with a thud.

"Keuk!"

The great sword fell to the ground, and Lian, whose arm disappeared from the shoulder, grimaced.

"Is that your own sword?"

The moment she raised her head, a line was drawn from the goblin woman's vital point to the navel, and blood spurted out.

Even though the life of 11,200 years is coming to an end, the eyes waiting for death were calm.

"Hone it well. It's a good skill."

"...Do you have any last words?"

Even though they met as enemies and fought for their lives, they thought they could at least hear the will.

The goblin woman's mouth, who had been staring at the sky, slowly opened.

"I think I had a son..."

It was a very old story.

"Yeah? What happened?"

"What happened..."

The goblin woman's eyes slowly closed.

"He died."

Lian prayed for the goblin woman's soul.

'Living, facing death.'

Wasn't the eternal life of the immortal so simple when it arrived at the finish line and looked back?

"Shirone."

Since the battle is not over yet, Lian picked up the great sword as soon as his arm regenerated.

"I hope it's not too late."

As he ran towards the entrance of Andre with his tired body, he saw Kido burying his face in the dirt.

"Kido!"

As Lian quickly turned Kido's body and dusted off his face, he patted his cheek.

"Wake up! Kido!"

"Uh...."

As Kido's trembling eyelids slowly opened, his pupils moved left and right.

"Lian?"

Kido, who came to his senses, sat up abruptly.

"What about Shirone? What happened?"

"I don't know. I just finished the battle. What about the Marga Thieves?"

Before Kido could answer, Lian nodded at the body of the deputy chief who fell at the entrance.

"Stay here. I'll go find Shirone."

"What are you talking about? Of course I have to go."

Just as Kido was holding the broken spear in both hands and getting up, a scream came from inside Andre.

"What? The Marga Thieves have been annihilated..."

Before Kido's words were over, Lian kicked the ground and rushed into the maze.
[Translated block]