


[789] Dead Calm (2)

Every time Arachne's dancers danced, the feather decorations shook brilliantly.

In the spectacle that made one lose their senses, someone suddenly approached next to Shirone.

"Isn't it... beautiful?"

It was a man in his 30s with hair growing out like a magpie's nest and a sparse short beard.

"Ah, yes."

"I've been watching this competition without fail since I was old enough to afford the travel expenses. Is it pleasing to the eye? It's pleasing to the brain. Except for one drawback."

"A drawback?"

The man said with a sad expression,

"I couldn't get married."

As Shirone tried to leave her seat, the man grabbed her arm and pulled her in and whispered.

"It's not just beautiful. The women participating in this competition are the best brides with wisdom, virtue, and physique. So how can I get married? People around me tell me to wake up from my dream, but isn't a dream something to dream?"

The self-proclaimed world beauty contest maniac seemed to have had many grievances in his life.

"Do you know what my dream is? Surprisingly, it's very realistic. It's to date one of those women. I've already started saving."

He felt like he had caught the wrong person.

"I dream of it every night. If I can date the most beautiful woman, I'd be happy to die that day. This is a dream! It's the grandest dream a man can have!"

"Excuse me, I have some urgent business..."

"You must come to the competition too. Take this."

As the man opened the zipper of his cross bag and fumbled around, Shirone waved her hand.

"No, you don't have to do that."

It seemed like he was trying to give her an admission ticket, but Shirone could enter and exit whenever she wanted.

"Here, take it."

What the man took out was not a ticket, but a competition flyer that could be picked up anywhere on the street.

"......Ah, thank you."

The man who turned his body like a machine made a horn with his hand and shouted at the line.

"I love you! Miss Märchen!"

Shirone, who quietly escaped from her seat, stuck out her tongue in a secluded place.

'There are various people in the world.'

When she looked at the flyer on the way to the bustling street, there were portraits of past winners.

'Wow, they're really pretty.'

The charm of humans is diverse, but their looks definitely had a unique aspect.

"Huh?"

What caught Shirone's eye at a glance was not the portrait, but the list of invited singers from each country.

"Maya?"

Even if she squinted and looked closely, the name of the singer from Thormia was indeed Maya.

'Come to think of it......"

When Iruki's words that he had signed a contract with a famous agency came to mind, she finally became interested in the competition.

'I need to check this out.'

If it was really the girl Shirone knew, she thought she would go at least once even if she had to make time.

'I hope it's Maya.'

With such expectations, she moved her steps again, and there was a commotion at the end of the line far away.

"Abolish the beauty contest!"

People in black masks and black clothes raised their placards and were demonstrating.

"Don't commodify human beauty! The Arachne government should immediately repatriate the participants to their home countries!"

Just by hearing the slogan, it seemed like she knew what was going on.

'There's trouble here too.'

There was a beauty contest in Thormia, and every time there was, there were constant criticisms.

'I understand how they feel, but......"

What Shirone realized in her life was that there are really a lot of people in the world, and it's too hard to find a system that can satisfy everyone.

"Ah, my head hurts."

Human.

Wasn't it a homework that neither Buddha nor Yahweh could solve?

* * *

The managers who worked overtime at the Arachne royal castle had all their throats worn out from screaming since dawn.

"Hurry up! There's still dust!"

The reason for the record-breaking royal castle cleaning was because they received intelligence that the five great saints of the Ivory Tower were coming.

'Really, it's killing me! Even when the king of another country came, we didn't fuss like this.'
[Translated block]


Even the nobles at the end had to dust off without exception, and the maids were soaked in sweat.

"Ugh!"

There were few who avoided labor, but the mental stress could be considered even greater.

"Why on earth did the star come?"

Pharonica, the king of Arachne, who was refining his clothes and waiting in the Grand Hall, struck his bracelet.

He, who stretched his gold earrings to his shoulders, was a strong impression with the bloodlines of the continent and the south.

"Your Majesty, please calm down. The Five Saints are not easy to accept. Wouldn't there be symbolic meaning?"

Although it belongs to the Seven Kings, Arachne is not particularly strong compared to other countries.

The Ten Kingdoms of the Archipelago are tied together under the name 'Carthia', and their representative was only Arachne.

"That's true, but..."

Therefore, the fact that the Five Saints came to Arachne would have been a good prestige for the other Ten Kingdoms of the Archipelago.

"I'm a realist."

Everyone knows that the Valkyrie of the Holy Temple is fiercely blocking the expansion of the Gustav Empire.

'It's probably about the war.'

If the Holy Temple was directly involved, it would have been possible to demand due compensation.

'So I deliberately sent a star. This way, there is no gain that the country can take, right?'

Woorin is a housekeeper.

"Besides..."

The judge spoke again.

"The biggest event in the kingdom is currently at risk of being disrupted. Wouldn't we have something to gain if it's the Five Saints, even if we don't know anything else?"

"Are you talking about a terror threat? Hmm."

"From what I hear, the star called Shirona is not as picky as other stars. There are rumors that Nam Eimond delivered a huge amount of money and obtained the sovereignty of Buk Eimond. This means that he is not completely free of greed."

"But the situation is different from Nam Eimond. I can't pay such a large amount of money for just this."

"Of course. So how about melting his heart by offering something other than money?"

"Something else... I see. Is it possible?"

The judge smiled with his eyes.

"Leave it to me."

The place where the judge, who left the Grand Hall, headed was the office of the highest administrator hosting the World Beauty Contest.

"Welcome, Judge. You must be ruined by the construction, but you came all the way here..."

"I have a favor to ask."

I was anxious for a moment.

"A favor...?"

"Miss Arachne, Varho Langi. We need to use that child for an important job."

Anxiety became reality.

"...Is it the Star of the Ivory Tower?"

"I like it because you understand quickly."

The administrator bowed his head.

"That's not it. It is a disgrace to the country for Miss Arachne to entertain foreign dignitaries."

"Who made that Miss Arachne? It's His Majesty's command. Get ready and send it right away."

"Can't it be another woman? There has never been a case where Miss Arachne entertained. It's a child who has come up here watching all the dirty things just looking at it."

"Hey, manager."

The judge's eyes made the administrator's shoulders flinch.

"Do I tell you to die? Do you want to pick a star from the sky? There's nothing impossible in what people can do! Do you have to have a knife in your neck to come to your senses!"

The administrator, who bit his lips, bowed his head.

"I will try my best to persuade. But if the child refuses even after talking..."

The judge turned around coldly and opened the door.

"It's better to listen when you talk."

Shirona, who arrived at the royal castle, received the greetings of the high-ranking officials and entered the Grand Hall.

"Welcome, the great star of wisdom."

When Pharonica stood up from his seat, it was clear that the giant, who was taller than Shirona, was clearly revealed.

"Yes, nice to meet you. My name is Shirona."

It could be said that it was definitely different from other stars in that the name introduced was short.
[Translated block]


"Ha ha! As expected, you have an outstanding spirit. Come this way. I have prepared a hearty feast."

On a table 10 meters long, all sorts of foods were laid out, but there were only two people enjoying the feast.

Knowing that nitpicking every little thing would be endless, Shiro-ne sat down without a word.

"You must have seen it on your way here, but the parade is in full swing. If you had given us a heads up, we would have come to meet you."

"No, I'm happy. I had a fun time watching, it seems like a great festival."

There was nothing he hated more than fighting with the demons.

"I'm glad. Despite the turmoil in each country due to the war with the demons, we must live happily in times like these,"

The World Beauty Contest was a cultural business that brought enormous profits to the Arachne Kingdom.

"The reason I came is......"

Shiro-ne, who cut to the chase, conveyed most of the information except for the secrets.

"I would like you to cooperate in viewing the records of refugees from the Arachne government."

"Of course, we should help. But it will take time with just the name and characteristics. We have to review all the records of refugees for about the last 10 years."

"We don't have much time. How long will it take?"

"As you know, Arachne supports free refuge. But we will mobilize all our manpower and process it by tomorrow morning."

It was an acceptable time, but it was suspicious that he was so willingly handing over national secrets.

'Things are going too smoothly.'

Anyway, since Arachne promised full support, it was best to wait.

"You are free to use all the facilities in Bengal. We have booked a suite at the hotel, so stay there."

"Yes. Thank you for your consideration."

While Shiro-ne was moving to the hotel by carriage, the manager of the World Beauty Contest arrived at Miss Arachne's accommodation.

"Rangi, I'm going in."

When he opened the door, a beautiful woman who could be believed to be a brown angel was raising her eyelashes.

Miss Arachne, Barho Rangi.

She was a talented person who was born in a middle-class family, studied history, and jumped into this world.

"What's up, coming all of a sudden?"

Seeing Rangi, who was engrossed in her makeup with an indifferent face, the manager gave up turning the conversation.

"I have to entertain."

The hand holding the mascara stopped abruptly, but that was all for the expression as if the sky was falling.

"Why? Did some foreign president come?"

The manager gritted his teeth.

"If it was a president, I wouldn't do this."

Rangi continued her makeup.

"You can say no if you don't want to. Of course, you won't want to. But I have to hear it directly to move."

"How are you going to handle the aftermath?"

"You are Miss Arachne. No one can do anything if you say no. Because it would be a disgrace to the kingdom's main business if it leaks out."

The manager, who couldn't even answer, sighed and turned around.

"Then I'll take it as a refusal......"

"I'll do it."

Rangi finished her makeup and stood up.

"Are you serious?"

"It's obvious... I know better than anyone how scary politicians are. It's better to just close your eyes and let it go."

Rangi, who walked past the manager, waved her hand.

"Where should I go? Give me a profile."

The manager, who was embarrassed to have come prepared, handed over the documents with a strained voice.

"Request that you don't get hurt, there's a contest."

That was all the consideration, and Rangi, who raised her lips coldly, flipped through the documents.

"Huh?"

She, who had expected a high-ranking official of the empire, blinked her eyes and looked at the profile.

"A magician?"
[Translated block]