


[627] Magic of Banya (4)

"Boil!"

While everyone was wary of Shirone, only Pandora ran to Boil.

She turned around and shouted after confirming his face buried in the ground and convulsing.

"Medical staff! He seems unconscious!"

She tried to secure a prayer after flipping Boil's body, but a faint sob leaked out.

"Heuk. Heuk."

Boil was shedding tears.

His helpless figure intertwined with the gaze of many spectators, evoking even more miserable emotions.

"Why me......"

Even when he competed with Pandora in the advanced class, he couldn't even imagine such a desperate future.

"I did my best......"

The world does not want everyone to be happy.

"You've worked hard, Boil."

It wasn't just about a year in the graduation class.

"Be sure to pass, Pandora."

Pandora, who felt the sincerity of sympathy in Boil's last words being carried away, glared at Shirone.

"Kuk!"

The moment she made eye contact with Shirone, who was wary of her son-in-law without a hint of distortion, she had no choice but to retreat unknowingly.

'There is no chance of winning in a head-on battle.'

In front of the cruel reality, her stomach was boiling, but there was a way of fighting for the weak.

"I understand, that feeling."

Mark, who finished emergency treatment and took a seat in the audience, said.

"Honestly, I didn't know there would be such a difference."

When she heard Shirone tell her to go out, her frustration tore her heart, but now that she has seen the end of extreme survival, all that remains is a miserable feeling.

"Don't blame yourself too much, Mark. Let's think it was a good experience."

Mark, who was comforted by Maria, clenched his teeth and bowed his head when Sad came up.

"Maria is right."

"Teacher Sad."

He reflexively looked back, but Mark had no face to see him, so he dropped his head weakly again.

"Honestly, I have to admit. I did my best. But the dimension of talent between me and Senior Shirone is different."

"Talent."

Many people spit out the word talent, but there is not a single person who actually says that they have that talent.

"Maybe there might be something like that. But even if there is, humans are not such great beings, Mark."

Sad turned his head and looked at Shirone and continued his words.

"No human can create something out of nothing. That's not talent. Shirone's experience, the number of failures, the number of problems that had to be solved, was overwhelmingly more than you."

"Experience......?"

"That's right. And now you guys have also had a precious experience that no one can get through today's test."

Mark finally looked back at Sad.

"Only those who step on failure and stand up become strong. It's not all about skills or power."

Then a familiar voice intervened.

"Are you talking about a magician who can respond to all variables?"

Sad turned around in surprise, and Mark and Maria shouted in joy.

"Senior Seriel!"

A senior who graduated from Alpheus Magic School a year ago and was Amy's best friend.

"Hello, Teacher Sad."

He reflexively looked back, but Mark had no face to see him, so he dropped his head weakly again.

"I just got an internship at the World Health Organization."

Mark's eyes widened.

'World Health Organization. You really did it.'

It was a dream job for a recovery wizard and also a goal of Maria, whom he had a crush on.

"Oh, that's good! Congratulations!"

"Hehe, I was lucky. A lot of questions I knew came out."

No one can get a job at the World Health Organization by luck, and that's why Seriel's composure felt like he was living in another world.

'Is that the aura of a pro.'

It wasn't because he was wearing makeup and a suit, but because his speech and behavior exuded confidence.

"Failure to step on and stand up becomes strong. It's not all about skills or power."

Then a familiar voice intervened.

"Are you talking about a magician who can respond to all variables?"

Sad turned around in surprise, and Mark and Maria shouted in joy.

"Senior Seriel!"

A senior who graduated from Alpheus Magic School a year ago and was Amy's best friend.

"Hello, Teacher Sad."

He reflexively looked back, but Mark had no face to see him, so he dropped his head weakly again.

"I just got an internship at the World Health Organization."

Mark's eyes widened.

'World Health Organization. You really did it.'

It was a dream job for a recovery wizard and also a goal of Maria, whom he had a crush on.

"Oh, that's good! Congratulations!"

"Hehe, I was lucky. A lot of questions I knew came out."

No one can get a job at the World Health Organization by luck, and that's why Seriel's composure felt like he was living in another world.

'Is that the aura of a pro.'

It wasn't because he was wearing makeup and a suit, but because his speech and behavior exuded confidence.
[Translated block]


"When the test is over, come find me. Everyone will be glad."

"Yes. I'll come find you later."

As soon as Sard left his seat, Seriel leaned on the back of Mark's chair and looked down at the Colosseum.

'Amy. You're finally back.'

How guilty did he feel looking at Amy, who was eliminated early in the graduation exam a year ago due to the collusion of Geumhwalun?

"Senior, please sit here."

When Mark moved aside to give up his seat, Seriel sat down with the bag on his shoulder on his knee.

"Thank you. But the situation has become strange."

"Yes. It's really amazing. Senior Shiroe reversed the whole game in a moment. On the other hand, Senior Amy... it seems like she hasn't shown her original skills yet."

At Mark's honest evaluation, Seriel gave a bitter smile.

"Her heart is too soft."

"Senior Amy?"

"She still can't make a decision."

Looking at Shiroe, who was spreading the post-dimension and watching the enemies around her, Amy had mixed feelings.

'I wish you had said something.'

She knew that there was no room for personal feelings in the graduation exam, but now everyone was an enemy to Shiroe.

'Even on the day you came to me...'

Was Shiroe thinking about the current situation?

"Even though she looks like a fire on the outside, Amy is a softer child than me. She can't ignore someone who is struggling, and if she asks for forgiveness, she will support him even if she knows."

Listening to Seriel's words, it was definitely like that.

"It must be more disturbing because it's Senior Shiroe."

"But it's okay."

Seriel proudly watched her best friend fighting fiercely in the Colosseum.

"Because Carmis doesn't allow two mistakes."

Amy's red eyes flared up.

'It's just the beginning!'

Unlike a year ago when she was eliminated early, the current situation was equal, so there was no need to be nervous anymore.

'Because I just have to take my own graduation exam!'

As soon as Amy moved, the other participants also cast teleportation at once.

As Shiroe turned, Amy's Fire Strike hit Prings, who was aiming for Shiroe's rear.

'Are you aiming at me?'

Prings, who defended with an ice curtain and tilted his head, and Eruki and Dorothy, and Hershey attacked other participants.

"The new system replaces the existing system."

Baikal's analysis was accurate.

If Shiroe couldn't be knocked down right away, there was no need to stick to the loss.

Rather, it was a judgment that it was advantageous for the pass to use Shiroe's system to eliminate other participants.

There was no room for emotion in the selfish judgment, and the battle began to fight.

"Damn it! What the hell is this?"

The screamer, who had not yet made a decision, looked at Shiroe in the battlefield where battles were taking place simultaneously.

'It seems like it will fall if I hit it once.'

Everyone knew that Shiroe was tired, but it was also true that they couldn't find a way to break the quantum superposition.

'Should I do it? Just take it all?'

Jumping into the force dimension, which is Shiroe's territory, without any countermeasures, was tantamount to suicide.

'Huhu, it's a monster.'

Fermi, who still had room, was also avoiding Shiroe's area and just circling the outskirts.

'A four-dimensional space...'

The force dimension that Shiroe spread was a miniature version of the upper part of Istas where all events exist at the same time.
[Translated block]


If there's a difference, the Force Dimension created by Gepin has no limit to overlap using the time gear of stop magic.

'It would be fun. Shall we break through once?'

Considering the aspect of the magic that Shiro has cast so far, it was clear that the mental gauge would be less than 10 percent.

'No, not yet.'

Nevertheless, the ability of Quantum Superposition was so powerful that Fermi was not the type to throw himself into an uncertain battle.

"That's Shiro."

Iruki's father, Albino, said with a smile.

"The fact that 26 people respond to the system proposed by one person means that there is no room to dig into."

Amy's father, Shakora, agreed.

"She's a kid with a tremendous presence. It's a situation that fits perfectly with the saying that she's controlling the battlefield."

Arganes poked Albino's side.

"Honey, don't just talk about Shiro, analyze Iruki too. He's still a dad."

"Quick thinking. But too many."

The analysis of his son ended there.

"But......"

Shakora looked at Shiro, who was the only one who could move freely in the Colosseum.

"The ability to show now would be the reason why she was able to do her best in the first evaluation. Is it impromptu, or is it a calculated strategy from the beginning?"

"Probably both."

Albino's gaze followed Shiro.

"A calculating person would never choose such a strategy. And it's not like she's pushing without a countermeasure."

"Then......?"

"She just knows."

Albino could guess Shiro's thoughts.

"She must have experienced countless failures and achieved corresponding successes. When such a process repeats, you naturally know. The fact that no matter what obstacles come, you will eventually find a solution. You end up believing in yourself."

"......Insight into oneself, is it?"

"Yes. In Yongnoi, it's called having your head open. In other words, it's a thought that flows freely like water."

Shakora stared at Shiro, who was controlling the battlefield and inducing the reactions of the enemies.

"It's amazing. Definitely Amy......"

"Yes, Iruki......"

The two spoke at the same time.

"It's worth falling for."

Shakora's head turned to Albino.

"Huh?"

Albino silently smiled and took in the sight of Iruki fighting on Shiro's side.

'Good question, kiddo. Give it a try.'

Calculations quickly went through Iruki's thoughts.

'The number trying to use Shiro is seven. From here, it's best to get rid of my natural enemy. The most difficult opponent is......'

Iruki's gaze targeted Dante.

'You.'

Dante was also on the side of using Shiro's system, but there was no meaning to an ally in such a situation.

'Atomic Bomb!'

As the flames exploded in a chain, Dante reacted neatly and got out of the explosion line.

'Yeah, let's try.'

He had thought that he would have to compete with him once from the Royal Magic School.

Central Calculation Magic Circle-Pascal.

As many as 200 instant magic circles floated around with different colors, and the audience's cheers erupted.

"It's the real start."

As all sorts of magic poured out through the operation of the automaton, Iruki cast teleportation in a zigzag.

'Pascal is a good magic.'

Iruki's Spirit Zone was stuck in Pascal.

'But you can't beat me with logic.'

Overdrive!

As electricity ran wild in the circuits that make up the brain, his eyes sparkled and Pascal's battery was analyzed in an instant.

'Cancellation!'

He thought this was the end.

"What?"

But Pascal was still in perfect condition, staring at Iruki with 200 eyes.

'Did you put a password?'

A security device using knot theory was tripled on Pascal's circuit.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]