


```text
[216] 6. Heaven's Commotion (3)

As Lian stealthily narrowed the gap and looked for an opportunity to attack, Tess shouted impatiently.

"You bear! Fight later, and free us first!"

"Damn it! I want to, but...!"

He wanted to rush over right away. But it was suicidal to divert his eyes from the archangel in this situation.

Arin calmly explained.

"Canis, the life elixir has already started. You have to peel off the panel on your forehead. If you don't, we'll all conceive nephilim."

Before Canis could answer, Lian shouted with wide eyes.

"What? You should have told me that first!"

"That's why I told you, you idiot! If you don't want to see me go crazy, hurry up and unlock the handcuffs!"

"Okay! Just wait a minute!"

Lian and Tess were similar in temperament. Unlike the mage who assessed the situation until he had a chance, Lian ran to peel off the panel first.

At that moment, a shock wave occurred in front of him. He retreated with a tingling pain and looked up. Cariel, floating in the air, was holding out his hand with an unhappy expression.

'What? It's nothing?'

It was surprising that a shock wave exploded in empty space, but it was not as destructive as expected.

Lian, who was intimidated by the title of archangel, gripped his greatsword with new hope.

Canis also paid attention to the information that Lian had obtained.

- The archangel's ability is lower than expected. This will be an opportunity for us.

- It must be because of the life elixir or something. It's not easy to make humans, is it?

- I guess so. But it's surprising, isn't it? He's going to keep going like this even though we're here?

Angels are strong, but they don't exist for battle.

For example, Ikael's ability was activation, which seemed irrelevant to combat.

But the concept was so huge that even some Mara, or even angels, shivered.

Cariel also had a huge concept of birth.

Explosion, ignition, machine, drug, etc.

The number of things that could be created by combining existing things was infinite.

But among them, what Cariel was most proud of was life.

No matter what object he created, the energy focused on birth itself was enormous.

Especially if it was a life elixir that created life forms, even an archangel would have to put most of his mental power into it.

"How dare you interfere with the archangel's mission. You humans are so arrogant that you can't live for 100 years."

Canis secretly sent Habist into the darkness. It was a plan to rescue the girls by stalling Cariel and ambushing him.

"The angel's mission? What are you trying to do with nephilim? You can find unrokers in our world as well."

Amy opened her mouth. She had seen through Canis' plan to buy time.

"Heaven is trying to attack the human world using nephilim. They're trying to balance the power because there are more unrokers on our side."

"Conquest? Are you going to war?"

"Yes. Nephilim are not like apostles of God. They were spies sent to occupied areas."

Cariel did not deny it. He didn't care about the thoughts of insignificant humans.

The angels are great and superior. There was no room for human concepts to interfere with what the archangel did.

"You should be grateful to us. Thanks to you, we were able to wage the final war."

Amy and her party's eyes were drawn to Cariel. The word final war was unsettling, but they couldn't understand what he meant by being able to wage it.

"The final war?"

"Literally. The human world will soon be destroyed. The abominable maze has been preventing the end so far, but thanks to you, the war has begun."

Canis was confused. The woman that Shirone was looking for was preventing the end.

```

Possible continuation:
[Translated block]


```
Then I thought of Arcane's response. If it was a matter of human extinction, I understood why Master erased his memory.

"But why is it thanks to us? What did we do?"

"Mira, the woman, is blocking the passage between heaven and the human world. But a new way has opened through the metagate you brought. Soon, the army of heaven will mercilessly burn the humans."

Everyone's heart sank. If Cariel's words were true, they had done something irreversible. The extinction of humanity would be brought forward by themselves.

Cariel pointed to the machine and shouted.

"Look! This is the metagate that Icasa brought! When the elixir of life is over, analyze the coordinates. The moment a new portal opens, your world will be destroyed!"

Amy and her party looked at the same time.

"......"

The world transition was quiet. No one spoke.

Cariel turned his head slowly, puzzled by the unexpected reaction. Then he also had the same expression.

"......"

The fairy who hugged the metagate was staring blankly at this side with her mouth open.

Cariel tried to say something, but closed his mouth again.

Why was the fairy here? It was different from the law, and even if it wasn't the law, it was a situation where no cause could be found.

Feope spoke first, feeling awkward in silence.

"Oh, hello."

Cariel tilted his head. Was he greeting him? Then he was not crazy at least. Hoping to find a proper coherence with this question, he said.

"Who are you?"

"I'm Feope."

Cariel choked. But showing emotion was a demeaning act, so he tried to calm himself down.

"I see, Feope. Why are you here?"

"Oh, I'm trying to find the metagate."

"......I see. Then why......sigh, why are you trying to find it?"

"That's because there shouldn't be a war."

At that moment Cariel's patience broke. He reached out with the thought of bombing the fly in front of him.

In one shot, blow it up brilliantly.

"Die."

-Havist! Now!

Havist popped out of the darkness of the world transition.

As he swung his shadow like a blade, Cariel flew up to the ceiling.

Canis took advantage of the gap and ran to the girls, shouting.

"Lian! Protect Feope! You must never let go!"

Lian immediately turned and ran towards Feope. He wanted to rescue Tess right away, but in an urgent situation it was better to listen to the mage's words.

"Feope! Come here!"

Feope, who was confused by the sudden battle, heard Lian's voice and flew over.

Cariel dodged Havist's pursuit and aimed at Feope. But Lian took his place with his sword and Cariel turned sharply and flew back to the ceiling.

Lian looked at Feope with a sigh of relief.

"Phew, are you okay?"

"I don't know! I was so scared I thought I was going to die! Just take this!"

Feope's face was pale as soup. It was a situation where he had to provoke an archangel. He didn't even know how he managed to do it now.

Lian took over the metagate. Even he couldn't help but be moved by such a stone-like thing.

If he activated the metagate right now, he could at least go home.

Of course he had no intention of doing that, but when he thought of how much the situation had improved, he felt courageous.

"Thank you, Feope."

"Don't get me wrong! I didn't want to help you......!"

Feope stopped talking. It was too obvious a situation to hide his true feelings.

He defied the name of the archangel and helped humans. It was not breaking the law, but completely burning it down.

He gave up on making excuses and screamed in a small voice.

"So what are you going to do now? I'm done now."
```

Some possible ways to continue are:
[Translated block]


"Let's go together."

"What?"

"Let's go with us. There are many interesting things in that world. You saved us, so we'll do our best to save you too."

Peope turned around in a hurry. Honestly, this was a bit touching.

But she couldn't accept the offer. Going to the human world was not difficult, but it was not what she wanted or did.

"Forget it, you idiot! Think about it after saving your friends!"

Lian looked around cautiously while checking Canis's progress. Canis was currently cutting the women's handcuffs with the power of darkness.

- Life's Alcohol Progress 40%.

As a voice came from the ceiling, Amy shouted.

"Hurry up! There's no time!"

"Be quiet, you pumpkin! If you lose your mind, your wrists will be cut off!"

Canis rotated a shadow as sharp as a blade and cut the handcuffs of three people. It was in direct contact with the women's flesh, so it required precise work.

Carriel, who was moving away from Habist, was slowly annoyed. He wondered if it would be better to cancel Life's Alcohol and kill them all.

There are probably 50,000 ways to kill with the ability of birth.

But he couldn't cancel Life's Alcohol.

Even though the information transfer rate exceeded 40%, no positive response was seen from any woman.

'They are the best materials. I can never give up.'

Carriel opened a portal as a last resort.

He could summon a decent Mara with the remaining mental power, and he even thought of a suitable candidate for the situation.

"Respond to the call, Balb."

As a new Mara appeared, the Great World War was dyed in ominous colors. Everyone except Canis looked up at the ceiling and checked the number of horns first.

It was a two-horned Mara.

"Sleeping Mara Balb. I accept Lord Carriel's command."

He was a cool old middle-aged man. He had greased his hair back and his exposed ears were perky.

He was as tall as an angel, but he wore a cloak with a collar higher than his head.

"Suppress humans. Life's alcohol must not be disturbed."

"That is definitely my specialty. I understand."

Balb put his right hand on his chest and landed on the ground.

"Peope, take care of it for a while."

Lian entrusted Metagate to Peope and rushed to Balb. But even though he rushed with death in mind, he couldn't even approach him. As soon as he approached Balb, his mind became blurred and his consciousness began to blur.

'What? Suddenly sleepy...'

It was impossible to be sleepy in a situation where he was fighting for his life.

It must be some kind of ability.

Lian realized that and quickly retreated.

As he got out of the invisible area, his consciousness returned. But the fatigue of lack of sleep remained firmly in his body.

It was inevitable that he would explode with anger.

"Damn it, what kind of trick is this?"

From giants to fairies, from Mara to angels, they all had unbelievable abilities. Looking back, he felt ashamed that he had only been a burden to his friends since coming to heaven.

Balb turned his body in a polite manner.

"It's useless. You can't even swing your sword at me."

Red jewels were slowly circling around Balb. Maybe that's the problem?

He took a stance of swordsmanship and slowly narrowed the gap. As expected, as soon as he crossed a certain boundary line, the red jewel emitted light and sleepiness began to pour out again.

'Damn. It was that thing after all. What is it?'

No one knew what the jewel was, but Habist, an arcane creature, read its unique wavelength.

-Canis, this is bad. It would be better to retreat for now. It's an object.

-Object? That's an object?

Canis had also only heard about it from Arcane, but this was the first time he saw it in person.

An object is an object.

The only difference from ordinary objects is that they exert strange influence on the outside world.


---

I hope this translation is satisfactory. Do you want me to continue writing more sentences for this story? If so, please tell me what kind of direction you want me to take.
[Translated block]
Some objects are familiar to humans as well.

Things like the cursed blue diamond, or the flying carpet, were examples of this.

They were also fairly collectible items for humans, so it was not strange that some maras who traveled through countless worlds had one or two of them.

An object of vampirism owned by a certain mara was said to suck the blood of its surroundings. An object of hatred could also incite rage and cause murder.

Baalb's object was an object of sleep, which could make any creature fall asleep if they entered its influence.

Did you understand the translation? Do you want me to explain anything?
[Translated block]