


[341] Trinity (2)

As his breathing became rough, his oxygen consumption soared.

-Remaining oxygen consumption time 1 minute 17 seconds. 1 minute 3 seconds. 42 seconds.

Light flew from all directions and stuck to Siro's body.

When the approach of the law was blocked, they tried to melt into the mind directly by physical means.

Armand reacted immediately.

-Observe nerve junction points. Docking after copying.

Armand's tentacles connected with the needles of light. Then more light rushed in and stuck to Siro's body.

Dozens, hundreds.

What the endless light demanded was one thing.

Disassemble.

"Krrrrrrrr!"

Siro twisted his nose with a scary face.

The feeling of being absorbed by another being was a humiliation like being eaten alive by a beast.

-Remaining oxygen consumption time. 4 seconds. 3 seconds. 2 seconds.

At this rate, he will be absorbed.

"You cheeky thing......!"

Siro focused his mind on an endless point.

As the immortal function opened, infinite spirit spread throughout the world of law.

-Detecting an immeasurable concentration point. Penetration.

Armand's organic matter multiplied infinitely. The tentacles stretched out and docked with all the thorns that stuck to Siro.

Armand, who copied the information trying to hack his master's brain, began to build a suitable firewall based on it.

And finally, Siro and the Ice Queen reached a point where they shared one world as individual subjects of law.

-Firewall completed. Operation.

Light burst from Siro's retina.

Small world creation.

"Where is this?"

Siro looked around.

It was a dark space like the world of law. The only difference is that there are no twinkling stars.

But Siro could see it.

'How can I see?'

Is it really possible to see in a place where there is no light?

'Maybe....'

Siro found an interesting answer.

It's memory. There is no light in memory.

Because light does not stay in the past.

But he was in reality.

So this place is a space where all time is spread out. It was the whole of time where past, present, and future could not even be distinguished.

As he moved his steps, countless Siros came up from behind the curtain of darkness.

"What is this?"

He looked around. As if using a mirror to expand the space, an infinite number of himself were spinning around.

Siro pointed out one person and approached him. As the distance shortened, the frame narrowed and many Siros lined up in parallel lines.

He had black pupils and an evil face.

Siro reached out his hand. Siro also reached out his hand.

He felt a cold glass texture.

'Is this me?'

No, this is not me.

Where is this? Is it outside or inside the mirror? Is it me who sees the mirror or me who is reflected in the mirror?

"Ah......"

Siro finally realized it.

"This is......"

Two Siros spoke at the same time.

"You."

Puff puff puff puff puff puff puff bang!

All the glass walls that were drawing infinite parallel lines and spreading out exploded at the speed of light.

The boundary surface of the mirror began to be destroyed at the speed of light with a sound of glass breaking.

Siro and Siro's hands touched each other. But before he could feel the touch, Siro on the other side disappeared.

In the Ice Queen's law, Siro and Siro designated each other and formed a perfect trinity.

There was no longer an evil Siro with black pupils. There was only an absolute immutable Siro who was not shaken by any law.

A technique called incarnation in heaven. But magicians regarded this as one level and called it this way.

Mental transcendence.

The protagonist of life (1)

Siro, who completed the trinity, opened his eyes wide. At the same time, through multiple law network small world creation, Armand began to attack the Ice Queen's law in reverse.
[Translated block]
The world shook and the starlight glowed. The Ice Queen, who couldn't stand Siroene, ripped out her throat and vomited.

"Crack! Crack! Craaaack!"

Amy's face turned pale as she watched from the ground. The sight of the giant face squeezing its eyes as if they were about to pop out was beyond horrific.

"Craaaack!"

As the Ice Queen exerted her last strength, Siroene, who had tentacles hanging from him, was spit out. The first thing he did after spreading his wings and stopping was to breathe in the air.

"Hoo! Hoo!"

He realized for the first time that there was a taste in the air.

"Siroene! Siroene is alive!"

Amy's face finally regained some color as if she was about to die. The Ice Queen's grotesqueness could not surpass the joy of Siroene's safe return.

But Dante's eyes were still serious.

Above all, the Ice Queen's condition was strange.

The Ice Queen was making a bizarre expression that could not be made with human facial muscles. But that was precisely the form that revealed the Ice Queen's emotions most accurately.

'Infinite? Infinite? Infinite? Infinite? Infinite?'

The Ice Queen was confused.

'What is that?'

As Armand built a firewall, the Ice Queen also copied Siroene's information.

But there was a problem.

The immortal function that was hard to analyze even with Opterus' vast information was installed.

As a huge sense of satisfaction beyond the scale of the law flooded in, the Ice Queen couldn't control her mouth that opened involuntarily.

She was going to infinity.

That was the only fact that the Ice Queen knew.

Her jaw, which had been endlessly opening, exceeded the range of motion of the joint and eventually began to swallow herself backwards.

Like a grape peel peeling off and popping out the flesh, a new being revealed itself from inside the throat.

'I am infinite.'

A three-faced being with human faces on three sides and arms split from the shoulders multiplied by dozens and spread like peacock feathers.

The three-faced Avalokitesvara.

It was Opterus' second devotion that absorbed the immortal function.

"Galgalgalgalgalgalgal!"

A sound like thousands of beetles crying burst out of the mouth of the smiling Avalokitesvara.

"Kuk!"

Siroene, who was hit by a surprise sound wave, adjusted his hearing through Armand and then distanced himself. Then, Avalokitesvara's neck turned and his eyes went up and his mouth went down in front of him. The law of anger exploded and countless fireballs flew in all directions.

"Dangerous!"

Lilia pointed at the falling fire rain and Dante spread a huge defensive magic circle over his head. The moment the fireballs hit, they cracked loudly and cracked big.

"Kuk! Damn it!"

Dante had a miserable expression. In an isolated space, the spirit body is limited in growth, but after swallowing Siroene, the spirit body was a powerful law that could not be compared to the Ice Queen. It must be an immortal function. Well, there was no better aphrodisiac for a being that absorbs laws than Siroene.

"Spread Bakyojin right now!"

Lilia looked at the battle in the sky with confused eyes. Siroene was firing photon cannons, but there wasn't even a scratch on Avalokitesvara's body.

"It's not time yet. Bakyojin's range is much narrower than Bongmajin. If we can't drag it here, it's better to die here."

Amy shouted at the sky.

"Siroene! Push the monster this way!"

Armand copied Amy's voice. The noise-mixed voice was delivered to Siroene's brain.

"Push it this way?"

They must have found a way on the ground. But how do you push a monster that doesn't budge even with photon cannons?

'I have no choice.'

Siroene widened his eyes and focused on increasing the power of his photon cannon. Then, his transcendent mind attempted a huge expansion.

The immortal function can borrow infinite mental power, but it can't increase its power beyond Spirit Zone.
[Translated block]


But mental transcendence forcibly strengthens the spirit zone.

Of course, the mental aftermath that followed was a separate issue, just like divine transcendence.

Lian's arm, which swung the sword at a speed beyond the physical, exploded as if it did, and if he tried to achieve more than the available value, his spirit would rather be destroyed.

- Focus point expansion. Overdrive activation.

But Shirone did not hesitate. He reached out his hand as he felt a huge output that he had never experienced before, and dozens of flashes hit Cheonsugwanseum's body directly.

"Galgalgalgalgalgalgal!"

The body of Cheonsugwanseum, which seemed to be stuck in space and did not move, began to move slightly. At the same time, he fired sound waves in all directions, but Shirone did not stop the offensive. No, as time passed, the power became stronger.

250 meters to Park Yo-jin's installation point.

Those who watched the battle from the ground were fascinated by the sight of dozens of photon cannons flashing.

"How can he do such magic...?"

Lilia, a magician, was most shocked. The reason she distinguished the spirit body as a demigod was because he freely used the law. The existence of the law must be sealed with the law. But Shirone was pushing back the demigod with only physical force.

"...I thought he was an innocent kid."

Dante smiled bitterly at Lilia's mistake. If you judge Shirone by his appearance, this is what happens. He doesn't care about clothes or decorations, and he's a rustic boy who calmly knits at a cafe. But that was the only boy who beat him.

"Well, it's the coolest when you're a magician."

Lilia was conflicted. She could see that Cheonsugwanseum's moving distance was gradually getting shorter. If the photon cannon's power doesn't get stronger, it's impossible to push him to Park Yo-jin's installation point.

"Lilia. Open Park Yo-jin. Whether Shirone succeeds or fails, if we have to do something, now is the last chance."

'What should I do...?'

If Park Yo-jin fails, Cheonsugwanseum will escape into the world. Even if the kingdom prepared for it, it was an enemy that could destroy a small city in a few hours by looking at the scale of the law.

Lilia looked back at Dante and said.

"I'll get Park Yo-jin ready."

She had no choice but to bet on Shirone. The people here are as precious as those outside. It was a different situation from not killing a monster.

"Okay. Then I'll tell you the plan. When Shirone pushes 50 meters more and comes in, I'll build a defensive magic circle with a mansion to trap the monster. It won't be as good as Bongmajin, but it will be a minimum safety device. In the meantime, Amy will prepare magic to support Shirone with firepower."

Amy nodded her head.

"Okay. I'll cast the most powerful magic."

Jokre looked at them trying to fight desperately. He was angry as his own appearance contrasted with theirs.

Why are they risking their lives?

They just have to leave. Anyway, he will pay for all his sins, and it is up to the kingdom to take care of the aftermath.

"Why are you fighting?"

Dante turned his head while protecting Lilia.

"What are you talking about? If you're going to interfere, I'll kill you first."

"Why are you fighting? You guys have no sin, so you can just run away! Don't you want to live? You're so strong, you have such innate talent! You have a bright future guaranteed, but do you want to die like a dog in this place?"

Dante looked at Jokre incredulously. But soon he sighed as if he understood.

"Do you want to succeed by learning magic?"

"What?"

"Isn't it backwards? You learn magic because you like magic, and success follows because you're good at magic. Don't you feel uncomfortable if you run away from here? I'm just fighting with the magic I learned. So don't bother me and just watch."

Amy finished her series and opened her eyes.

"I'm done. I'll start now."

Her red eyes emitted a red glow and two pillars of fire sprang up from under her feet and merged into a huge fireball. It was an inferno that was several times larger than what he had shot from within zero radius.
[Translated block]


Jokre stared blankly at the blazing fire like the sun, then lowered his head as if he realized something.

'Those crazy about magic...'

Do you want me to translate anything else for you?
[Translated block]