


```text
[247] 6. Magic Clash (7)

"Shirone is a strong kid. She's not the type to give up after losing once, but rather she can gain more from defeat. A true master should also teach how to learn from defeat."

Olivia raised her hand as if to block Alpheus's voice.

"I'll take that as an excuse from a level 4 loser."

"Kukuku, anyway, today I'm just a spectator. Shirone and Dante. It's going to be really fun."

Finally, the time for the showdown came.

As Shiina, who was in charge of the referee, walked to the center of the 2000th, the atmosphere in the hall became solemn.

Soon, the best talent of Alpheus Magic School and the best talent of the kingdom would collide.

Mark, who was shaking his hands and feet as if he had difficulty breathing, looked at Eruki next to him.

"Uh, I feel like my blood is drying up. Senior, can Shirone senior win?"

"In my opinion, both of them have a chance once. Shirone has more variety in offensive magic, but Dante's tactical operation cannot be ignored. As the number of magic circles increases, Shirone will be tied up too."

Even from Eruki, who could be called the closest friend, a hopeful diagnosis did not fall. Mark made a sad face and tried to say something, but suddenly the students shouted.

Shirone and Dante were coming up to the side of the 2000th.

Shiina, who was in charge of the referee, greeted the two former and current principals politely and then called Shirone and Dante to the center of the 2000th.

The students who were watching the meeting of the two with interest turned pale. Shirone had crossed the designated position and was approaching Dante.

'Oops!'

Shirone hurriedly came to her senses and stopped walking. But Dante's face was already close to her nose. It was because she was thinking deeply and didn't pay attention.

The students were excited by Shirone's behavior as a provocation, but her friends who knew her personality thought differently.

She was clearly nervous.

Klein smiled as if he felt sorry for her in this unusual situation.

"Hoho! What are you going to do? What era are you in with such a cheap provocation?"

There were many challengers who had done such actions against Dante in the past. Every time, Dante calmly repelled them and rather gave them discomfort.

'Huhu, Dante. What kind of performance will you start today... Huh?'

A question arose on Klein's face. Dante was also staring at Shirone without moving an inch.

Shiina was explaining the rules, but he couldn't even feel that they were entering his ears.

He had never seen such a look before, so Dante's friends were also puzzled.

Sabina bit her nails and said.

"Dante seems a bit nervous, doesn't he?"

"He's not that kind of person. He was in good condition until this morning, right? Let's wait a bit. That might be showmanship too."

Eruki, who was listening to their conversation, said.

"He has no choice but to be nervous."

"Huh? He has no choice but to be nervous?"

Mark turned his head with a shocked look. He was so anxious that he was surprised by whatever Eruki said.

"Shirone has never lost in a competition. She has learned magic for a short time, but she has overcome high-difficulty barriers continuously and came here. Of course, Dante also built an impossible record in the emperor's seat for a long time. These two are going to face each other."

Amy said.

"Defeat is a record that is engraved on one's life. It changes the direction of life in some way. But neither of them have lost yet. An abnormal career that requires no mistakes at all. They don't want to lose it."

Eruki took over the conversation.

"And today, one of their careers will end completely. They will have to live with the record of defeat in their lives."

Mark was stunned. Was this the world that geniuses lived in? He couldn't even grasp the feeling at fifteen years old when defeat was engraved on him.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


But he didn't feel the slightest regret. He just hoped that Shirone, who had defeated him, would win again, and his heart was beating so hard that it hurt.

"Ugh. This is crazy. When are they going to start?"

Shiina, who had explained the rules, instructed them to keep their distance. But no one moved. They seemed to not hear the sound.

"Two people? Go back to your designated positions and wait."

Dante's head was filled with all kinds of thoughts. Who was this boy? He didn't want to fight at first, he said he didn't need power or honor, and now he was glaring at him as if he wanted to eat him.

'No. Don't think about it.'

Dante came to his senses. He hadn't lost in 472 battles, so he could expect that he wouldn't lose in the future. He just had to step on him like any other challenger.

"Shirone! Dante! Follow the referee's instructions!"

Shiina shouted fiercely, and the two people who came to their senses did not avoid their eyes and backed away.

Dante arrived at the designated position and took a deep breath and moved his body to loosen up.

The distance of 60 meters seemed longer than usual.

But he had climbed up by breaking all the arrogant strongmen. It was a match that he couldn't lose if he did as usual.

'Yeah, I just have to fight in my own way. His only choice is a preemptive strike. Let's use that against him. I have the advantage in speed as a target type.'

He accelerated his four-way technique to the maximum and spread a space teleportation magic circle under Shirone's feet. There wouldn't be much of a shock, but there was no better way to break his balance. Then he just had to cook according to the situation as he had done so far.

"Then from now on, Shirone and Dante, Dante and Shirone's......."

Shiina's words were buried by a huge cheer.

It was 10 seconds before the collision.

The temperature of the air seemed to rise due to the heat.

Shiina gave up on signaling with sound and raised her hand. Then the students' cheers grew louder, and Shirone and Dante's eyes were caught by the signal.

"Start of the match!"

Dante deployed a super-fast numerical sequence. The number that started from 1 reached 10,000 and the spirit zone of the target type stretched out and swallowed Shirone.

'I did it...!'

As soon as he thought that, Dante's eyes widened. Dozens of photon cannons had reached his nose.

Dante replaced the battery and spread a defensive magic circle. The photon cannons that spread like a barrage hit the magic circle above. Then he realized what was going on.

'Immortal Function!'

He opened the immortal function from the start. And he was firing photon cannons without stopping, regardless of tactics or anything.

It was as powerful as earth magic and faster than that. It was a very annoying magic to experience.

The magic circle cracked every time it was hit, and he repaired it by accumulating information, but he couldn't hold on any longer.

Dante dodged his position with teleportation, and Shirone also followed him with lightening magic.

Two streaks of light embroidered the sky above Ichon.

The students were stunned by the melee that started from the beginning, or rather, the one-sided firepower display.

Iruki let out a bitter laugh.

Of course it was a good strategy. But he didn't expect Shirone, who had a cautious personality, to gamble on the outcome from the beginning.

"He's trying to prevent him from even having the courage to spread his magic circle from the start."

Mark asked in a trembling voice.

"That's amazing. Are these people fighting right now the same people who had a teleportation battle with me last semester?"

"Probably not. Anyway, it means that Shirone is serious too, not giving him time to use his skills. I don't know what the result will be like this."

Shirone pressed Dante with flashy movements. He blocked left and right with patrol skills, then cast rainbow drop backwards and soared into the sky. Dozens of lumps of photons that were born several times per second at his feet followed him like a tail.


I apologize for any errors in my translation. Did I translate it correctly?
[Translated block]


Shirone fired everything she had. As the photon cannon dominated the space, Dante escaped to the ground, the only way out. The air-to-ground bombing followed, but he didn't feel like looking up at the sky.

'Damn it! Let me use some magic too! She was totally crazy!'

No, maybe this was better.

She couldn't maintain the immortal function for a long time anyway. If he survived the initial onslaught, it was his victory without a doubt.

'Yeah, in this state, it's only 30 minutes at most. If I can hold on for 30 minutes...!'

The photon cannon fell in a line, scraping the ground. Dante changed direction and looked for Shirone's position.

Dozens of lumps of photons were pouring out from where Shirone was expected to be.

Dante realized his mistake and shivered.

'Damn it! What 30 minutes, I can't even last 5 minutes!'

He blocked the first bombing with a defensive magic circle, then broke through the barrage in the delay of the second bombing. But there was no more room to move. He had been pushed to the outskirts of Ichon without knowing it.

Shirone occupied the space with patrol skills and drove Dante to the corner. When she saw a sign of him escaping, she threw a photon compressed in her hand. A flash of light stretched out.

Dante, who couldn't get out of the corner, hastily spread a defensive magic circle. He felt a different weight from the previous attack.

The second and third attacks collided in the same place, and the magic circle cracked even while repairing it.

Iruki smiled bitterly.

"Did you stiffen your head too much because you were nervous? You should know if you've faced this much. You can't block it with a makeshift magic circle."

The magic circle that blocked Dante shattered into pieces, and Shirone rushed in a straight line as if compressing space into a point.

Dante gave up on evasion and chose to buy time to prepare. He spread magic circles around him to block his approach, but Shirone bent over and cast berserk.

"Ugh!"

The curtain that beat 30 times per second hit the magic circle, and Dante felt his mind being torn apart.

He had seen berserk during tactical training, but it was only used for defense, so he didn't think it was that powerful. But when he experienced it firsthand, it was a pure mass destruction magic.

The seven magic circles broke all at once, and his mind wavered. Dante covered his face and looked ahead over his wrist.

But Shirone was nowhere to be seen.

As he lowered his gaze, he met Shirone's eyes as she bent over with a photon compressed in her hand.

Shirone burrowed into Dante's arms and swung her hand. The afterimage of the photon trailed behind her.

Two seconds is enough time for a magician to enhance his power. Dante had no choice but to spread a defensive magic circle without thinking.

The photon cannon thrown at close range hit the magic circle and shattered it in one blow, hitting his abdomen.

Dante felt dizzy for a moment. But he quickly checked his condition and found that the shock was not that great.

'Ha! I blocked it roughly anyway! From now on...!'

At that moment, Shirone grabbed Dante's collar with both hands and cast photonization magic. Without any time to be surprised by the unexpected melee combat, Dante turned into light and moved.

He couldn't tell where he was in a state where he couldn't distinguish anything, and when the photonization magic was released, Dante looked for Shirone's position first.

When he turned around, Shirone was nowhere to be seen, and countless photon bullets filled his sight.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwang!

The photon cannon hit where Dante was and turned white. The students filtered out the photons pouring into their retinas with their fingers, but they still couldn't confirm the situation.

Shirone stopped attacking and caught her breath. It had been only five minutes since she started the battle.

Dante spread seven magic circles in front of him and covered his face with both arms. But soon the light of the magic circle faded and broke like glass. One of Dante's knees buckled and he slammed the floor with a thud.
[Translated block]
The students' pupils shook with shock. They had spread the magic circle, but they had clearly failed to block it completely.

Iruki's eyes shone.

"I finally got in. This one is shocking."

Dante was famous for never losing control in any situation.

Once he entered the battle, he would neutralize the opponent's attack with his genius tactics and finish them off with a counterattack.

But Shirone had pierced through his iron-like defense and succeeded in an attack that could be called effective.

None of the 500 people who gathered at the duel site said a word. They couldn't believe it, not even Klein who had seen Dante since he was young, or his friends.

472 battles, 472 wins.

Dante, who boasted an undefeated record, had kneeled to his opponent in just five minutes. As if to show the fierceness of the battle, a rough wind blew in and swept away the two thousandth.

(End of volume 10)
[Translated block]