


[761] Possibility (3)

"The law of <Law Killer> is not omnipotent. If the opponent is not a fool, they will try to avoid the law."

Minerva said.

"Cause and effect are endlessly intertwined. That's what axing is about, pushing it to the extreme. But even if there is an axing that cuts everything, there is also an axing that blocks everything, right?"

Minerva crossed the index fingers of both hands.

"When they collide, a new law that overlaps the two is born."

<Law Killer> is not about enforcing the law, but about interacting with the target's law.

"Statistically, it takes an average of four months to go around a planet."

"Huh? That's surprisingly fast?"

Compared to the need to follow the tail of causality, it was an incredibly fast world tour.

Minerva agreed.

"Yeah. It's a pretty powerful axing. But in severe cases, it can take over a year. For example, what if the target of <Law Killer> keeps traveling around the world?"

It would become an endless game of tag.

"There was actually such a case. The target was a diplomat. What I realized then was that no matter how fast the law of <Law Killer> is, it can't be faster than the speed of moving for a specific purpose. So what do you think I did?"

"You took it directly."

"Correct. That's why 'initialization' is important. It's about designing an event artificially after erasing the target."

"But is it possible? Even if the owner of <Law Killer> dies, the law has already been activated, right?"

"There is one way. I call it 'target change', and if you use it, you can initialize it."

"Hmm."

Shirone was lost in thought.

"It's a pretty tricky weapon."

"It's a characteristic of S-class objects. Rather than being tricky, it's too effective, so there are many opportunities to maximize it. Like Armand? Anyone can become stronger, but to fully utilize it, you have to understand it perfectly."

Shirone understands Armand perfectly.

'And the person who can handle <Law Killer> best in the world is only one...'

The creator of the weapon, Mirak Minerva.

"Okay. Let's move together for a while. Please explain to Uorin when you need to use <Law Killer>."

If he was the Yellow Emperor of Kashan, he would design the best method based on Minerva's explanation.

Meanwhile, while Shirone and Minerva were talking about <Law Killer>, Jacey had a blank face.

"Really... is it possible?"

In the scenery where the demons were cleanly washed away, the laborers were enjoying a happy reunion with their families.

"Then why... why on earth...!"

Why did my husband have to die.

"If you have such a great ability! Why on earth! Why didn't you save our husbands!"

Hearing Jacey's voice, Shirone turned her head, and Minerva's eyes went cold.

'Possibility...'

Just by showing the possibility of saving everyone, Shirone can be said to be close to God.

'But not everyone can be saved.'

In the end, someone will suffer, and that pain will circulate endlessly following the fear of reincarnation.

'I was caught this time...'

Minerva became a witch.

'Tomorrow is you.'

Whether you have an incurable disease, suffer a natural disaster, or lose your life in an unexpected accident.

The life of a creature that turns the bomb of pain, whose next turn cannot be known, is just full of pain when viewed from the end of time.

That's why Nane is still right.

'Those who think they have drawn a good swallow right now will not understand Nane...'

Jacey would have done the same.

'Do you know? The current Jacey is...'

And Minerva.

'How hateful this world is.'

Jacey screamed.

"Why me! Why! Everyone else is happy, why do I have to go through this pain alone!"
[Translated block]


Shirone bit her lip.

'It's because of me.'

It was a pain caused by blocking Nane, and the number of bombs was bound to increase in the future.

'I want to be strong.'

No, if she could even kneel and beg to turn Nane's mind.

But knowing that she couldn't, Shirone clenched her fist fearfully and made up her mind.

"It's not your fault."

Minerva touched Shirone's shoulder.

"It's not Nane's fault either."

Contradiction.

What happens when the axing that cuts everything and the axing that blocks everything collide?

The law says this.

"It's just that state."

The state of contradiction.

"Just because we can't imagine it doesn't mean there's no result. This is the result. Accept it and move on."

Minerva put Jaycee, who was crying until she turned pale, on her lap and bit her bandage.

"Take a rest for a while. This will help."

As the witch's breath seeped through her lips, Jaycee's pupils relaxed peacefully.

"If left alone, she might make a bad choice."

Minerva, who had floated Jaycee in the air with magic, turned to Shirone and said.

"Let's go to the waterway. We need to finish this."

The witch's broom jet brushed off the corpse of fatigue and flew in quickly.

"Do you want to ride together?"

It seemed cramped because she had to carry Jaycee.

"No, you go ahead. I'll follow."

Minerva laughed at the words that she would follow even though she knew it was a jet listed in the world record.

"Okay. If you're too late, can I handle it my way?"

As soon as Minerva threw her body and sat on the jet, a powerful gas was ejected and she flew into the sky.

When the sound of iron splitting followed by a sonic boom, Shirone turned to Verdi.

She nodded her head as if she knew what she wanted to say, and she bowed deeply again.

'Thank you.'

Shirone, who had regained her crumbling heart, looked back at the sky and bent her knees.

Kwang Ik.

As the wings of light stretched out to tens of meters, the eyes of the people watching widened.

"Oh, oh......."

It was a huge capacity overrun just to fly, but she had to do this much to follow Minerva.

When a pair of wings soared to the sky, everyone looked up, and the light descended at a terrifying speed.

Puhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Puhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

"Wow......."

It was a huge capacity overrun just to fly, but she
[Translated block]


As Kwang-ik's mass increased and he struck the atmosphere with the strength of a solid, Shirone's body was shot like a cannon.

'There it is!'

The capital of North Eimond came into view.

* * *

Capital Pasha.

The presidential palace where the president resides was a multi-purpose fortress with all 780 buildings connected.

The Square of Revolution was one of the largest artificial structures in the world, large enough to accommodate all 3 million inhabitants of the capital.

The expression 'cramming in' would be accurate, but Igor thought that all the people should praise him directly.

Of course, this was the case for human Igor, but the thought was still valid now that the president had turned into a demon.

"Legionnaire, we're ready."

The 24th Legionnaire, the Marduk of Destruction.

A man with beautiful looks that would captivate the eyes of many women, with purple hair coming down to his shoulders.

Golden patterns were engraved along the edge of the black armor clinging to his body, and on the left side of the throne, a single sword was leaning towards its owner.

"How many have gathered?"

"The number of troops that escaped from the spiritual realm is a total of 8 million."

It was a number equivalent to tens of times the army of a country, but considering that Satan's army was 2 billion, it was not even a legion.

"It's enough to hit humans."

As Marduk, who had a sword on his waist, came down the stairs, the four division commanders stepped aside in unison.

It was a room with perfect soundproofing, but the glass was vibrating due to the cheers outside.

"I will be the vanguard and destroy the world."

As soon as the window was opened, the blocked sound rushed in like a cannon.

"Kill the humans! Kill the humans!"

The army of 8 million, spread out beyond the presidential palace, was screaming with excitement.

Shirone looked down at the scenery of Pasha.

"......What's that?"

While most of the streets were empty, there were more demons than ants around the presidential palace.

Minerva said.

"We should consider the capital as over. There's no sign of resistance. The capital defense force must have been annihilated already."

"Are there any survivors?"

"There will be. But not around the presidential palace. If a person gets in there, they'll be eaten right away."

"We need to find the survivors."

"That's a good choice. But not now. The situation will get complicated if the second generation of demons in the presidential palace cross the border."

They will infiltrate society and move secretly.

"It was possible to experiment because it was a closed society, but that's why we have a chance. Let's hit it first."

"Hit it?"

Minerva bent her index finger.

"Chop it up."

When Shirone turned her gaze following the tip of her finger, Minerva's body floated and she left the jet.

"From beginning to end."

As the resistance hit Minerva's body, the jet went ahead and rushed into the entrance of the presidential palace.

'Are you really doing it?'

It was impossible for human common sense to confront an army of 8 million with just two people.

"Get your mind together! We're going right away!"

Even though she had left the jet, the tremendous inertia still led Minerva's body towards the presidential palace.

Kiiiiing!

At the sonic boom of Mach speed, the demons at the entrance looked up at the sky.

"Surprise attack......!"

Before the words were over, the jet crashed and the second generation demons in the area soared into the sky.

"Kuaaaaaa!"

Remaining troops.

7,999,954.
[Translated block]