


[468] And again (1)

The second thousand Rakia.

On the inner wall of the Hall of Corruption, Cariel, Uriel, and Surt, the leader of the Fire Giants, stood side by side.

Since it was not designed for war, the inner wall was higher than the outer wall, and the endless plain beyond the outer wall was visible at a glance.

Above the huge river crossing the plain, there was a huge bridge with a width of 1 kilometer and a length of 4 kilometers, and it branched into seven paths symbolizing the seven sins and stretched out to all the gates of Rakia.

Gaold and his party would probably enter through one of the seven sins.

The place where the seven paths ended was exactly 10 kilometers from here.

But in some ways it was a meaningless calculation.

No one here thought that Gaold would show up here.

"It's peaceful so far. Well, that's natural. How is the troop distribution?"

As Cariel turned his head and asked, Surt immediately knelt on one knee and answered.

"10 percent of the troops on the plain of lamentation outside Rakia, 20 percent in the capital, 30 percent in the Kespa mountain range, and 40 percent of the remaining troops were gathered at the bridge. Even if they cross the Kespa mountain range, they will never be able to break through the bridge."

"So you say."

Cariel looked down at Miro kneeling at the end of the wall.

Her hands were tied with handcuffs engraved with Hena, and her face was as calm as the flowing water as she looked at the river.

There was a collar around her neck, and at the end of a long chain, Arius knelt down and lay down with his eyes closed as if exhausted.

"How does it feel to be treated like a dog you raise?"

Miro did not answer.

She did not throw her heart anywhere, so even the relationship between master and servant was meaningless.

Her gaze was toward Gaold who would be coming from afar.

Miro's space-time disappeared and the war with heaven eventually happened.

If heaven wins, the only thing that will happen next is the extinction of mankind.

'Don't come, Gaold.'

Gaold shouldn't come here.

Only Cariel and his remnants who denied Ra's will remain in Rakia now.

Gaold's combat power should be used not to save himself but to win in war.

'Don't come. Think rationally. Go to Jebul right now. Destroy the Akashic Records.'

Cariel only saw Miro's back, but he seemed to guess her feelings without seeing them and smiled.

"What if he comes here?"

Cariel's power was currently largely exhausted from suppressing Miro's abilities.

Even Brahma was temporarily annihilated by Miro, so Uriel was protecting him.

"Come out, Shiva."

As Uriel executed the law of authority, a black sphere was born in front of him and a triangular Mara appeared.

He was a man with blue-green body, fangs sticking out of his lips, and countless crescent moons around his thin waist like a tiger.

Shiva, who is called the god of destruction in the human world.

Even Surt, the highest prosecutor of hell, swallowed his saliva at his appearance.

"Shiva, you are called by an archangel."

"Guard the outer gate. No one should approach."

Shiva flashed his eyes and immediately kicked off the ground and flew up.

He drew a parabola with one leap and moved away from the outer gate. Cariel smiled satisfiedly.

"All preparations are over. Now it's time for the festival."

Whether Gaold would come here first or heaven would win first, he couldn't guess yet, but either way there was nothing bad for Cariel.

* * *

'Just a little more...'

Destroying the fire barrier made by giants' bodies, Gaold increased his speed even more.

All kinds of fallen angels attacked them from all sides, and their authorities followed behind them.

The eight-member party including Gaold was like a single arrow that penetrated everything and moved on.

Etela and Zulu protected their rear, Armin was in the center, and Kuan and Shiina ran side by side on both sides.
[Translated block]


Ahead of them, Gangnan and Sein followed side by side, and Gaold was advancing alone at a distance twice as far as the group's gap.

'Go, Gaold.'

Julu cheered for Gaold in his heart.

A pool of emotions that had not circulated for 20 years.

But it was densely compressed with pure anger without a trace of impurity.

He was able to reach the space and time because he only hoped for one thing.

'Let it all out, Gaold. You deserve it.'

"Krrrrrr!"

Gaold clenched his fist and opened his power.

2 million times the pain.

"Uaaaaaa!"

A tremendous pain drove Gaold's mind into hell.

The hell of high fever spread and the demons ran wild.

As the hell's horse screamed and crossed the sky as if to shape Gaold's pain, even the giants of fire could not withstand the heat and burned up in flames.

As the plain area came to an end, Gangnan looked back and said.

"We're about to enter the city."

The capital of Lakia was splendidly laid out on the vast land.

The city gates opened and countless giants popped out.

They were superior giants of a different dimension from what they had faced so far.

But more serious than that was the fact that the number of fallen angels was increasing.

Armin's stop magic and Julu's various summons quickly dealt with their abilities, but it was a miracle that they had endured so far, as the fallen angels' abilities were bizarre and powerful.

"Side!"

At the same time as Gangnan shouted, fireballs flew towards where Shiina was.

The huge flames soon turned into giants and attacked Shiina.

Shiina spread a powerful chill around her, and an ice barrier raised sharp thorns and surrounded her.

Kwaang!

The giant's fist broke through the thick ice barrier and came in.

Even if it was a giant of fire that was antagonistic to cold, it was still a giant.

The power of the schema used by the superior giants was not comparable to the schema exerted by the human body.

"Shiina!"

Armin, who was running from the center, jumped toward Shiina.

He was currently tying up 20 fallen angels with stop magic, so he didn't have much time line to use, but there was nothing more important than Shiina's safety to him.

He cast flicker magic to pull Shiina out, but more fireballs arrived one after another.

In a situation where they were almost buried by enemies, no one could help them, and the two were cornered.

The blades of fire swung by the giants drew a complex net every time they passed by Armin's clothes burned.

"Kruk!"

At the same time as a blade passed in front of his blindfolded eyes, another giant rushed in with a sword in front of him.

Shiina cast freezing magic, but the giant threw himself with a determination to die and pushed his sword to the end.

Clang!

A sharp metallic sound rang out and the giant's trajectory slid sideways.

Kuan, who had been running from the other side, appeared out of nowhere and deflected the giant's sword and plunged into the enemy.

"It's dangerous!"

Kuan didn't seem to hear Shiina's words and spread gravity around him.

He freely moved through space and every time he swung his sword, the giant's body began to break apart.

Even in an urgent situation, Shiina and Armin watched him lose their minds for a moment.

"How did he?"

A skill that had advanced far beyond when he first came to heaven.

Armin could guess what he had achieved in a short moment.

'It's not reinforcement. It's enlightenment.'

It wasn't that his speed or power had increased, but his movement fluidity surpassed imagination.

The genius movement that completely broke away from human thinking was so fast that even Shiina couldn't read his trajectory and lost sight of him.

'It's not yet.'

Kuan cut away as much as he wanted.

The transcendent trajectory that he could achieve by ignoring death flowed only on the blind spot of the giants, and the giants lost their lives without knowing what they were hit by as if they were fighting an invisible ghost.
[Translated block]


'My grave is......'

Kuan felt extreme ecstasy and equal sorrow at the same time as he flew up.

'This is not the place!'

Kwakwakwakwakwa!

As centrifugal force added to centrifugal force, a sword wind began to blow.

The sharp gale that blew away even the giant's flames brought the troops on the side where Shiina was to the brink of annihilation.

Sein, who seemed displeased, turned around and shouted.

"Keep your position!"

He had clearly told them not to care about other people's safety when they started the charge, but he didn't like Kuan's decision to ignore his position and cross over to the other side.

Kuan heard Sein's voice and smiled faintly.

The external gravity that had popped out in sixteen directions came in as if it was bending, spinning his body faster.

He kicked the ground with that rotational force and his body began to fly back to where he had been at a terrifying speed.

In a world where everything was overlapped like a panorama, Kuan could clearly see Shiina's face in Armin's arms.

Maybe she would never forget Armin in the end.

'That's why I can die.'

Because he couldn't get Shiina's heart, because he couldn't express his feelings either, he could die happily.

Childish pride. Or a more childish man's jealousy.

It didn't matter either way.

'For you......'

Kwakwakwakwakwakwa!

As he spun at an enormous acceleration, even the scenery was engulfed in pitch-black darkness.

Dozens of dragon pillars soared around Kuan, who had returned to his position.

"Kraaaaaa!"

The 12-meter-tall giant fell down as if going down a staircase.

He cut off the giant's ankles, knees, hamstrings, then waist, chest, and neck.

Everything was swept away by Kuan's gale, who was spinning in a sitting position.

'Well! I can't say anything.'

Sein, who had confirmed that far, looked back at the front again.

Before he knew it, the main gate of the capital was right in front of him.

Gangnan increased his speed even more to catch up with Gaold.

'Chairman.'

He had been running after Gaold's back for 20 years while looking at the back of the labyrinth.

Gangnan stared intently at Gaold's back.

'Just once...... Since we've come this far, just once......'

Couldn't he run side by side with him?

There would never be another chance to run after your back again.

Kuaaaaaang!

Before Gangnan's thoughts were over, the wall in front of him flew inward.

Then the walls within his sight range all collapsed backwards.

'He's crazy. He's already beyond human limits.'

Now Gangnan couldn't even guess how far Gaold's limit of perception was.

And as the distance narrowed, the phenomenon would intensify.

'How much...... How much does it hurt?'

Gangnan finally caught up with Gaold.

"Chairman, now......"

But Gangnan, who turned to look at Gaold's face, couldn't say anything.

"Huk! Huk!"

He was crying.

There was no trace of a demon or a madman on his face now.

A truly pure emotion.

Finally, finally he had arrived.

It was catharsis that spewed out all the resentment he had endured for 20 years.

"Huuuuuk! Huuuk!"

Gaold ran with his teeth clenched.

The tears that ran down his eyes left his body and touched Gangnan.

'Yes.'

Gangnan bit his lip and slowed down his speed.

He smiled bitterly with his eyes on Gaold's back again.

'Go ahead, Gaold.'

"Uaaaaaaa!"

Gaold let out all the resentment in his heart that he had never been able to let out before.

The buildings collapsed like they had been stepped on by a god, and all the giants that ran at him turned into a handful of sparks and were buried on the ground.

Distance to Labyrinth: 19.4 kilometers.
[Translated block]