


```text
[245] 6. Magic Clash (5)

"I won't let you go! I don't care about the duel anymore!"

Closer gave up on magic and rushed in. He thought he could beat Iruki in a fistfight. But that was a sign that he had lost his reason.

The moment Closer threw a punch, an explosion of 10 kilobusters went off. His mental gauge dropped sharply and his knees hit the ground. He would have died instantly if his sync rate wasn't 50 percent.

Closer looked up at Iruki with a pale face. A straight punch flew and hit his nose. It hurt even if he touched it with his fingertips.

Tears welled up in Closer's eyes.

"Uaaaah!"

"Shall we make an orc now?"

Iruki said, rubbing his fist, and Closer raised his hand in panic.

"Wait, wait! I admit it! I lost......!"

Iruki's strong punch crushed his nose. Closer's heavy upper body leaned back and hit the back of his head.

Iruki also frowned and shook his hand. It seemed that hitting people was not something anyone could do.

"Ow, my fist."

When Ethela declared the victory, the students cheered as if they had been waiting.

Especially Mark and Maria were very happy. They felt like they had pulled out a toothache after knocking out the nasty Closer.

'Amazing. Shirone senior's friends are amazing too.'

Iruki was definitely a great senior, but he never respected him in his heart. Just a servant syndrome. He thought he was one of the common geniuses who received biological privileges.

But now it was different. He had to admit his skill to play with Closer, who was recognized by the kingdom.

He was unpopular at school, but now he was getting a lot of attention from girls. There seemed to be many people who had a grudge against Closer like Maria.

"You're awesome, Iruki senior! You're the best!"

"That's right! Wow, he's handsome!"

Iruki shrugged his shoulders and stepped on Closer's cheek with his right foot. Then he calmly made a V sign with his fingers and sent a sign of victory.

The cheers stopped abruptly. No matter how much they hated him, they stepped on the head of the loser. That weird personality was something he would never fix in his life.

Seriel, who had been watching the battle without breathing, swallowed her saliva and asked Amy.

"Shirone and her friends... They said they were coming up next year, right?"

"Yeah. I think they said that."

"Yeah. I have to graduate somehow this year. If they all come up to the graduation class, it will be really hellish competition."

Seriel was also a skilled person who settled down in the graduation class. But she couldn't take her words as a joke.

In fact, most of the graduation classes were not laughing.

They were only sending cautious and careful eyes to the potential competitors who would block their graduation.

'Well, I have to be careful too. I felt it before... He's a really amazing kid.'

He had visited him when he was in Class Five. He had exchanged a few words, but he thought they were too trivial and ignored them.

But now that he thought about it, those trivial words seemed to be reality for Iruki.

Shirone and Nade ran to Iruki with shocked faces. Especially Shirone had no choice but to admit that it was not an empty word that he had a secret weapon to beat her.

Of course, it was extremely difficult to calculate the returned glass jar, but once the analysis was over, no magician would want to fight with Iruki.

He was unpopular at school, but now he was getting a lot of attention from girls. There seemed to be many people who had a grudge against Closer like Maria.

"You're amazing, Iruki. It gave me goosebumps watching you."

"Yeah. When did you practice hiding it from us?"

"I actually used it for the first time today. During the vacation, my father caught me and made me solve formulas like crazy. I thought I could do well if I went into practice, but when I tried it, it worked easily as expected."

If it was any other time, they would have grabbed their heads at his arrogance, but today they couldn't hate him.

With this, the victory and defeat were tied and the achievement of sending Shirone to Dante was achieved.
```

I hope this is what you wanted. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```text
While Sabina was waking up the fainted Closer, Dante walked over. But the person he spoke to was not Shirone, but Iruki.

"I saw a good match. Cancellation. It was impressive."

"It's too early to say that. It will be more impressive in your match."

Dante chuckled. Cancellation was the highest level that even pros couldn't achieve. In the end, the first place in the advanced class was not Boil or Shirone. It was Iruki.

"I thought it was over when you left the Royal Magic School, but talent never dies. That's why I regret it more. It would have been a better match if I had fought with you instead."

It was as if Shirone was not in his mind. In fact, he was thinking that a rematch with Iruki would help the box office.

"I know what you mean. But with such a careless thought, it will be hard to beat Shirone, won't it?"

"Ha ha! Me? By this country bumpkin? You should know at your level. That will never happen."

"Do you know why I left Bashuka? Because I thought there was no one there who could stop me."

Dante's expression crumpled. It was an insult to himself and the entire Royal Magic School.

"I don't know now, but that's what I thought at the time. I mean, there was no one who could control the dangerous substance in my head."

"So? Are there such people here?"

"I met two. One refused, but one accepted. That's Shirone. I don't care what impression you got, but if you think he's the best or something at this level, you'll have the worst feeling in next week's match."

Dante turned his gaze to Shirone. Why did everyone rate this kid so highly?

At first he thought it was simply because he was an unlocker. But if he was a genius who could use cancellation, he wouldn't judge by such low standards.

The students who were listening to their conversation stirred.

It was revealed in the speed gun test last semester that Shirone was the person who could stop Iruki's rampage. But Iruki said he met two people.

"Who on earth is it, the other one?"

"Maybe it's Amy senior? There was a rumor before. That Iruki is sniping at Amy senior."

There were other figures besides Amy, but it was impossible to know unless Iruki revealed it.

Anyway, the second match ended with Iruki's victory.

The students' hearts were pounding as they returned to their dorms. Next week was the highlight of the big match, the showdown between Shirone and Dante.

They cheered for Shirone in their hearts, but objectively they had no choice but to raise Dante's hand.

472 wins out of 472 matches, a brilliant record. Next week seemed to pass slowly.

@

The day they had been waiting for day by day came back.

The school was busy from morning to welcome new guests.

The students cleaned up their dorms, washed their bodies, and wore their best clothes.

Klein, a special correspondent for the Teachers' Association, led the video recorders and entered Alpheus Magic School. She smiled at the sight of students gathering in advance at Practice Field 2000.

'As expected, even in a rural school, Dante's reputation is amazing. It's still a few hours before it starts.'

Klein cut through Mark and Maria's line and entered the practice field.

"Sorry. I'm a special correspondent. I'll go in first."

Maria looked at her with curious eyes.

"Wow, that's Klein. I've only heard her name in academic journals, but she's more beautiful than I thought."

"Hmph, she's just a die-hard Dante follower. She's an enemy to us."

As the match time approached, the practice field opened. Shirone also waited in line with his friends at the entrance and entered.

It was an unofficial match, but the stage was gorgeously decorated. It seemed true that they had called an event company last night and decorated it.

The smooth physical blocks were dust-free and even torches were installed to create an atmosphere.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```text
A video recorder was installed in a position where the practice field could be seen at a glance. Unlike an optical camera that captures a momentary record, it was a device that could capture the flow of time.

According to Nade's explanation, the optical crystal that goes into the video recorder is called Obscura B, which is 200 times more expensive than Obscura A, which is used for optical cameras.

It is a mineral that occurs in a cryogenic darkroom, and it is valuable because it cannot be softened by alchemy.

As such, Obscura B is handled by the state and requires approval from the relevant agency to use it.

"In other words, the kingdom decided that it was worth capturing Siro's duel. If you win this duel, your name will be known throughout the kingdom."

While Nade was excited as if it was his own business, Iruki calmly faced reality.

"It must have been approved to capture Dante, not Siro. It's not common to find a magician who can handle information magic as well as Dante. They must be thinking of using it as a textbook for the Royal Magic School."

"Chet! Anyway, what does it matter? Siro will win. Right, Siro?"

Siro wanted to smile, but his lips didn't go up well. He would soon compete with Dante. He was determined to do his best, but he was not an opponent he could be sure of the outcome.

He met Canis and Arin on his way. They said they weren't interested as usual, but they seemed to be interested in today's duel.

The front seats of 2000 were reserved for teachers and officials, so Mark and Maria took their seats in the second row. Amy and Seriel had also secured their seats early.

When Siro walked over, Mark greeted him with a nod.

"Hello, senior!"

"Siro! Siro is here!"

Seriel ran over like a dog greeting his owner and grabbed Siro's hand and brought him over. Amy looked at Siro's face. He wasn't nervous, but he wasn't relaxed either.

Canis followed Siro and raised his hand when he saw Amy. They had been busy since they returned from heaven, so they had seen each other passing by, but this was the first time they met in one place.

"Hey, pumpkin. Long time no see."

"Where are you from? Don't you call me senior?"

The two who had been enemies in heaven were the same at school.

"Don't act so clingy. Then should I call Arin senior too?"

Arin actually didn't know how to greet him.

"Of course Arin is an exception! You keep trying to link up with Arin, but it doesn't work on me!"

Siro intervened.

"Come on, come on. It's good to get along with everyone. But why do you two always fight when you meet?"

Canis and Amy shouted at each other.

"He scratches my temper first!"

Siro forgot about the tension of the duel and laughed. Well, it was an enmity that started when Arcane invaded the school. It was enough to maintain a friendship without being spiteful.

Mark and Maria, who were distant juniors, couldn't join the conversation and watched from afar.

When they were gathered together and looked at them, Siro's line was also a top class in the school. At least in Mark's eyes, those seven looked like an army walking around.

Then another army-like group of Dante came from across.

Mark snickered as he glared at them. It was quite different from the momentum when he first transferred.

Sabina looked somewhat listless and Closer had band-aids stuck on his face.

'Hehehe. Good for you, idiots. That's why you shouldn't mess with Siro's line.'

Dante fixed his gaze on Amy first. It wasn't so much conscious as he had no choice but to do so because she was so pretty. In fact, she didn't shine, but she felt only clear.

The Carmis family of Hongan. And before entering the graduation class, she overwhelmingly surpassed Boil and Pandora in first place. If someone had to be welcomed as a queen here, there was no one more suitable than her.
```

I hope this translation is helpful for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


"Hello. I have heard of the fame of the Carmis family. I am Airhain Dantela."

"Yes. I hope you work hard and get good results."
[Translated block]