


[654] Air of Life (3)

"La Enemy?"

Shirone couldn't understand how the man in front of him knew about La Enemy.

No, isn't he talking about meeting a character he hasn't even met yet?

"How do you know that?"

Every time Shagal flinched his upper body, Lian flinched unknowingly.

'There's no doubt he's a strong man.'

Shagal, one of the top 100 dangerous people in the world.

His hometown is the Merhen Kingdom in the west of the Mediterranean, where he was born as a bastard of a beautiful tourist spot like a fairy tale.

Some murderers are emotional from birth, but Shagal was a murderer who developed postnatally.

"Heh heh. Heh heh."

What he was smelling from Shirone through his sense of smell was not the molecules of smell, but the perfume of the incident.

Just as a specific smell reminds you of the memory of a specific event, Shagal could smell the perfume of the event itself.

And that meant that Shagal had already met La Enemy more than once.

And if Shagal's memory is correct, he has killed La Enemy more than seven times.

If Shagal's memory is correct.

"Where is La Enemy?"

His already husky voice echoed in the underground sewer tunnel, giving an even more creepy feeling.

"I don't know. We came on Mr. Brooks' request."

It was a husky killing intent that made you not even want to get involved regardless of your skills.

"Brooks?"

He has been working almost trapped in the underground sewer since he was hired three months ago, eliminating many Ain species.

It was a fun thing for Shagal, but he still didn't like the job of delivering Brooks' letter.

The reason for hiring in the first place is because there is evidence of La Enemy in Bashuka.

Shagal erased the request from his head.

"If you don't tell me, I have no choice but to ask your body."

"Kuh!"

The air in the sewer, which was thought to be full of killing intent, suddenly expanded and felt like thousands of blades were stabbing.

'Here it comes.'

The flinching motion from side to side gradually sped up, and then both arms disappeared as if they were cut off.

As the air vibrated with a boom, Shirone and Lian kicked the ground and came down the stairs at the same time.

With a bang, Shagal's two short swords hit Lian's great sword vertically.

'It's okay. I can stand it…….'

At that moment, when he thought so, the air vibrated again and numerous blades that spread out as afterimages rushed in from all sides.

"Ugh!"

Blood splattered from his arms and legs, but Lian didn't care and swung his great sword hard.

Shagal, who was full of killing intent that dominated the entire radius of the sewer, bounced back like a rubber ball at the swordsmanship.

'I can't smell from that guy.'

As he passed Lian like a ghost, Shirone prepared to fight and equipped magic.

The moment he felt a strange feeling that he could see his upper body flinching from side to side even in an instant.

Lian quickly approached and blocked in front of Shirone.

The sound of groaning echoed in the sewer, and Shagal's eyes shook for a moment.

'What?'

With an impossible reaction to just being fast, Shagal's sense of smell was activated again.

'An event I've experienced somewhere.'

The memory of when he killed La Enemy came to mind.

"Shirone, go up."

Regardless of the high skill, Lian chose to send Shirone because he didn't even want to get involved with the husky killing intent.

"But……."

"It's okay. The request comes first."

Knowing Lian's skills, Shirone looked at Shagal over his shoulder.

Can he really get out of the sewer through that human?

'Now!'

As Shirone moved to the side, Shagal's gaze followed exactly the same trajectory as Shirone.

Then his body unraveled like smoke, and Shagal's short sword stabbed Shirone's forehead straight.

'What?'

But the short sword only cut through the air, and there was no trace of Shirone.

Shirone, who escaped in the opposite direction with a sub-explosion, broke the iron door of the sewer with a photon cannon and went up.
[Translated block]


Until then, Shagal was just staring at the receding Sirona, unable to organize his thoughts.

Lian said, draping the greatsword over his shoulder,

"Well, shall we get down to business?"

If there was no need to protect Sirona, it was as if Lian had unchained the shackles of thought.

"Hehe. Hehehe."

Shagal laughed, shrugging his shoulders.

Although he couldn't identify them yet, it was clear that they had had a similar experience to him in some way.

"I'll kill you slowly."

No matter where Sirona fled, he could always find and slaughter her with his sense of smell.

"How about I kill that bluff after I kill you first?"

Shagal's laughter stopped abruptly.

He, who had committed murders in the four digits as a serial killer, had only one criterion for distinguishing humans.

To kill or not to kill.

And at this moment, Shagal defined the human being called Lian through that one criterion.

"You're going to die."

As Shagal disappeared, Lian gripped the greatsword with both hands and threw his body.

A tremendous collision shook the waterway.

* * *

'Hurry! Hurry!'

Sirona, who had entered the mansion, quickly searched the mansion using the metabolism of the gluttonous ghost Kuzen.

There were quite a number of guards on guard, but the security inside the mansion was not so strict.

Because the only way to enter the mansion was guarded by the man he met in the waterway.

'He's definitely a weird guy. Who the hell is he?'

So, Lian was worried.

'Where the hell is it?'

If he expanded his spirit zone, he could feel people without going into the room, but the mansion was too big and there were hundreds of rooms.

Woof! Woof!

As Sirona ran down the corridor by the window, the patrol dogs outside all turned around and started barking.

'Damn it!'

He could avoid human eyes, but he couldn't avoid a dog's sense of smell.

Especially since he had met a man who was sniffing like a dog in the waterway, he was even more upset.

"Intruder! Find him!"

The emergency bell rang in the mansion and the sound of many security guards coming up was heard.

Sirona, who quickly toured the 2nd floor, immediately went up to the 3rd floor, and a bodyguard discovered her footsteps.

"It's on the 3rd floor! Chase him!"

The masters of the schema quickly narrowed the distance, but Sirona also detected a person at the end of the corridor.

'Two people?'

They were so entangled that they would not have noticed if Sirona's spirit zone was a little less sensitive.

"Protect the president!"

Bodyguards also popped out from the opposite corridor.

Sirona, who arrived at the door while avoiding the enemies attacking from both sides across the corridor, broke into the door with her body just before their swords fell.

Unlike the corridor, bright light filled her vision first.

As Sirona, who was rolling on the floor, regained her balance, the bodyguards stood in front of the door with their swords.

"What's all the fuss about?"

When Sirona turned her head at the sound coming from the bed, a man in his mid-40s was getting out of bed in his bare body.

And on the bed, a blonde beauty was sitting covered with a blanket.

Brooks looked at her and licked his lips as if he was hot and put on a gown.

"Who are you?"

Sirona looked at the man with a short beard up to his chin and was lost in thought.

He could say that he came to deliver a letter, but he couldn't hand it over right away in front of his subordinates.

"Well, that is......"

"Sirona?"

When the woman on the bed asked with a surprised expression, Brooks looked at her with a puzzled expression.

"What? Did you have another lover?"

The woman did not answer and got off the bed, covering her body with a blanket.

"Sirona! You're really Sirona! Don't you remember me?"

Sirona, who had been looking at her face for a while, also pointed at her with a surprised expression.

"Huh? That time that......"

"Yes! It's Aria! The Aria you saved!"
[Translated block]


"Tesia Aria.

She was an open-minded woman who happened to ride the same carriage when Shironne joined the Magic Association six months ago.

I remember her because I personally rescued her when the Black Revolution List committed a terror at the Gold Tower.

'But why here?'

I heard that she had two boyfriends at the time, but the relationship between young and beautiful Aria and middle-aged Brooks was strange.

Brooks asked.

"When did you know each other?"

"Oh, you don't know Shironne? Now it's a very famous magic. There was a terror incident before, and he's the one who saved me."

"Hmm."

Brooks, who made a decision, gestured to his subordinates to go out.

The door closed and only three people were left, but Shironne, who knew the contents of the letter, still could not reveal why he came here.

"So, why did you come here? It doesn't seem like you have anything to see Aria."

"I came because of the request of the Silver Ring Guild."

"Letter? Let me see."

Despite Aria being next to him, Brooks was relentless, and Shironne finally handed over the letter he had kept.

Aria asked as if she already knew when Brooks, who read the contents, clicked his tongue.

"That woman? I met in the countryside."

"She's pregnant. If you don't come down quickly, I'll sue."

Aria laughed.

"Oh, that's why you should be careful. It's not good. The colorful bachelor's life is over today."

The letter was sent by Brooks' girlfriend, and it was written that she was pregnant from a reunion a few months ago.

Aria, who could laugh even after knowing the fact, was not ordinary, and Brooks thought the same.

'Aria...'

As the daughter of the first-class diplomat of the Thorumia Kingdom, she herself is a talented person who passed the diplomatic examination.

I thought it was a prank of a noble lady who had nothing to lack, and I met with the feeling of playing with her.

But now it was rather confusing.

Perhaps it was not Brooks who played with Aria, but the opposite.

'I don't want to lose a woman.'

Brooks, who put the letter in his arms, asked Shironne.

"But why are you making such a fuss? If you told Shagal, he would have brought it quietly."

Shironne suddenly realized and shouted.

"Ah, right! Lian!"

* * *

If someone was in the underground sewer, they would have covered their ears and screamed at the powerful collision sound that would burst their eardrums.

Two shadows were tangled around the maze-like complicated road like a storm.

Defense and attack were almost sensory, and as time passed, wounds increased on Lian's body.

Smile. Smile.

The unique hallucination began to regenerate the wound, but every time this happened, Lian felt a weight of death-like discomfort.

'It's strange.'

Shagal, who realizes the discomfort, was the same.

A huge straight sword and two daggers.

If you fight in close quarters, Shagal should take the upper hand in reaction.

But Lian's actions that ignore inertia were different from any enemy Shagal had ever faced.

'Then...!'

Shagal blinked his eyes and let go of the dagger.

Another dagger came out of the hand that turned behind, and four daggers flew towards Lian at the same time.

'Is this possible?'

Even in the midst of a life-and-death battle, I had a question, but there was no room to find an answer, and Lian took a step towards the limbs.

Kwakwakwakwakwang!

When the iron hit each other and sparks flew, their shadows flickered on the wall of the sewer like monsters.

And the two people, in the moment of that flash, realized that there was another shadow and turned their eyes.

"Kuk!"

What I saw in front of me was dozens of blades, and they penetrated the center of the gap where Lian and Shagal retreated and stuck to the wall.

Kwaah!

The blade that collapsed the wall and disappeared immediately revealed that it was magic, not a real sword.
[Translated block]
"Someone said......"

The owner of the unidentified shadow approached with the sound of water.

"There was a big shot."

"You are......?"

A man with a pale complexion and a torn wound on the right corner of his mouth.

It was Luphist, the president of the Torumia Magic Association.
[Translated block]