


[475] As far as I came (2)

Gauld's Bakum Press hit Uriel's face.

Kwaaaaang!

As a huge shockwave exploded, the air in the hall was pushed out and then sucked in.

Those on the wall were also affected by the storm and looked back.

"Wow, wow..."

Everyone's eyes were filled with horror.

Uriel was standing in the same place as before, even after taking Gauld's powerful Bakum Press head-on.

Uriel spoke politely, looking at Gauld's distorted expression.

"Is this what you call human despair?"

Uriel's holy body flashed and spread into a light wheel.

"Then it's a very pathetic despair."

Uriel's judicial light wheel turned golden and unfolded, creating a paradise staff.

Heavenly Galaxy Wheel.

As soon as he saw the rotating paradise staff, Gauld widened the distance and exerted a powerful atmospheric pressure around him.

The galaxy wheel ran along the ground, tearing the earth apart and reaching out to swallow Gauld.

Gauld's eyes widened.

It's not a collision of objects and objects.

As if matter was whipping through empty space, everything that touched the paradise staff split on the spot like bubbles.

Kuuuuuuuuung!

As Gauld's press crushed the ground, the shockwave of the paradise staff rushed in and cut his barrier.

Kwaaaaaaang!

Gauld quickly twisted his body and the ground split next to him, and he vomited blood as his intestines shook from just an indirect shockwave.

"Kerak!"

Gauld's power doesn't work.

That fact was desperate for Sein and his party.

"Hurry up! Hurry!"

Sein quickly regained his composure and led his party to the Hall of Corruption.

The gap in power was confirmed, and Gauld could only last for a minute at most.

If they didn't reach Miro within that time, all that was left was annihilation.

It's not death that scares them.

What really scared them was that the project they had devoted their lives to would be ruined right before their eyes.

Some of the archangels and maras who remained in the Hall of Corruption blocked their way, and Kang Nan took the lead.

He will go to Miro.

He will meet her, the woman who drove a man's life, whom he had chased all his life, to ruin.

'I'm going to...'

Kang Nan wrinkled his nose like a wolf as he spotted a huge one-horned mara running from the front.

"Keeeee!"

"You can't take one more step from here."

The one-horned mara, which had a hairy gorilla-like upper body that reached three meters in height, swung all six arms at once.

Kang Nan bent his upper body and went in, taking the lowest possible stance and twisting his waist.

His right foot swung out as if dragged along and kicked the mara's shin, breaking his leg with a snap.

"Kraaaak!"

Before the scream was over, Kang Nan went behind the mara and rotated two more wheels, kicking him.

Kwaaaaang!

The schema of the wolf tribe's legend was activated, and the mara's body flew several meters with a broken neck.

'Miro is...'

Kang Nan raised his head and looked around where Miro was.

From the outside, it looked like a sheer wall, but inside it was a complex structure with countless stairs crossing each other.

The sky was already occupied by various maras, and some fallen angels were guarding the stairs.

They weren't as strong as the ones they had swept away so far, but they were tricky opponents since they didn't know how long Gauld could hold out against Uriel.

"Let's go!"

Kang Nan put strength into both legs and jumped up, tearing his stockings as his body rose vertically.

Numerous maras rushed in to cover her, but soon they started to bounce off one by one with a dying scream.

"She's definitely amazing."

Kuan and Ethela knew better than anyone how great Kang Nan's martial arts were.

They were also masters of their own schema, but Kang Nan's body itself was predatory.
[Translated block]


She fought so fiercely that it seemed like every part of her body was made for destruction.

"You fight well. Is that why you're the secretary of the Magic Association?"

"No, it's not."

Zulu followed Sain's side and said.

"If Gaold brought us here, then Kangnan should take us from here."

Sain pondered Zulu's words.

They hadn't contacted each other much since the Heaven Project started and they walked different paths.

But at some point, Kangnan was by Gaold's side.

There must have been some story, but Sain quickly erased his thoughts.

In a situation where the operation failed due to a single mistake, he had to use everything he could.

Even if it was a precious human heart.

"Damn it...!"

Kuan flew up while spinning and swept away the enemies around him.

Finally, the view opened and the scenery of the top of the Hall of Corruption was seen.

There was no change from what he had seen below.

Cariel was still relaxed, and Miro didn't even turn his head and just watched the battle between Gaold and Uriel.

Only Gaold was serious.

He was pushed back to a kilometer away, and his body was battered by Uriel's attacks.

All he got from protecting his bones to the end was muscles that were shredded like meat.

"Ha. Ha."

Gaold, whose arms were drooping, glared at Uriel and breathed heavily.

Muscles weren't important for a magician, but the pain was not helpful for him, whose source of power was intuition.

The problem was that Air Press didn't work as well as before.

'Damn, I got unlucky.'

Miro muttered.

"Gaold can't win."

"Huh?"

Arius, who was lying next to him, groaned as if asking for an answer and looked at her.

"It's not a physical problem."

Miro narrowed his eyes slightly and clenched his teeth.

'That's why you're stupid, Gaold...'

It was catharsis that had been condensed for 20 years and exploded at once.

Humans can do anything to vent their emotions once, but once they spill it out, it takes time to reach that passion again.

'Yeah, it's not your fault.'

He pushed Gaold away himself.

So Gaold wouldn't have expected anything.

He didn't think he would be welcomed like a prince on a white horse, or kissed with tears of emotion, he just came here.

His heart hurt so much that he couldn't stand it without seeing him, he just ran here.

It was selfishly cruel, but it was also altruistic because all his feelings were directed at Miro.

'If I were here...'

There was only one way to bring Gaold's climax back up.

"Miro!"

Bang!

Kangnan, who had dyed his armor with Mara's blood, blew away a group of enemies and arrived at the wall.

"Tell me!"

Miro didn't even look at Kangnan and just kept his mouth shut.

Kangnan took a deep breath.

He finally came here.

What kind of woman she was, what she looked like, who made a man go crazy like this, the person he had been imagining in his head every night was in front of him.

"Gaold..."

Kangnan spat out with all his strength.

"Tell him you love him!"

Her voice echoed and reached the battlefield a kilometer away where shock waves were swirling.

Gaold stopped fighting and Uriel responded to him.

Uriel, the archangel of destruction, was just familiar with war as life, but he wanted to know.

Why humans are so dizzying.

As if time had stopped, everyone looked at Miro.

Under that silent pressure, Miro's mouth finally opened.

"The one I love is myself..."
[Translated block]


Her head slowly turned to Gangnan.

"......nothing at all."

Since she gave up her existence for humanity 20 years ago, she had let go of everything.

She was just a wall, a system, a phenomenon.

Gangnan gritted his teeth.

"What do you know?"

Yeah. What did Miro know?

How could she be so shameless just because she had the heart of a man 20 years ago?

Did she know anything about his life, his pain, his journey to get here? Was that all she could say?

'I'll take you with me. I'll make you kneel before Gaold!'

The moment Gangnan kicked the ground and rushed forward, Cariel raised his hand.

"Come out, Erg."

A black sphere expanded in front of his palm, and a 1st rank Mara Erg appeared.

Unlike other Maras, it was a metallic creature that resembled a giant insect, and had a metal lens in the center of its long horse-like face.

Its nickname was the calculator of all principles.

Cariel usually summoned this Mara when he went into full defense mode.

Kiiiiiiing!

Electricity flowed through dozens of glass bells on Erg's back, and countless magic circles spread around.

The over 420-layered magic circle created a barrier against all attributes, and Gangnan also had to stop in front of the physical magic circle.

"What do you dream of, foolish human?"

Cariel said with a sneer.

"All that's left for you is the punishment of angering the divine."

Cariel's finger pointed at the wide sky.

Everyone's faces darkened as they looked there.

Numerous fallen angels were flying in the sky and flocking.

"Is it the aftermath?"

The enemies who had been bound by stop magic until now had regained their freedom.

He didn't think it was an unfortunate thing.

Rather, thanks to the absurd ability to stop time, he was able to reach Miro so quickly.

But the fact that the situation had reached its worst did not change.

Sein quickly gave orders.

"I'll release the magic circle. Hold off the enemies in the meantime. But stop and force meter are forbidden."

Even if they destroyed Erg's barrier, there were two archangels here right now.

The only magic that had a chance of escaping with Miro was stop and space-time tear force meter.

No one didn't understand, and the party quickly found their advantageous positions and prepared for battle.

Yuriel, who had confirmed this far, turned his head to Gaold.

"It's a pity. You've been rejected by the person you wanted so desperately again."

Yuriel's words had dignity but no sympathy.

And that was precisely why Yuriel was not human.

"Kuku. Kukukuku."

Gaold tore his mouth and lifted his head.

"You're the best, Miro."

When he heard Miro's words through the archangel's resonance, he felt like everything in the world was fading away.

Maybe it was true, but it was also effective.

"Do you want to keep struggling? Is that really human?"

"You don't know anything about humans."

Kukukukukukukuku!

The air around Gaold began to shake.

A different aura from before, no, the aura that swept away countless enemies at once was swirling again.

Kwaaaaaaang!

A vacuum sphere was born in front of Gaold's hand.

He couldn't even swing his arm because his muscles were torn apart, but he pushed forward with all his strength.

"How would you know?"

'Dangerous!'

Yuriel quickly raised his arm and swung his paradise staff in front of him.

Beyond the spinning afterimage, he saw Gaold's ghostly face swinging his arm like a rope.

Yeah, how would he know?

The more he couldn't have it, the more he wanted it....

"The ugly desire of humans."
[Translated block]


One hundred million times the power of a nuclear bomb - Baekum Press.

Kwaaaaaaang!

The atmosphere that was torn apart for several kilometers in radius made a thunderous sound and soared into the sky.
[Translated block]