


[393] Capturing the High Ground (2)

Shirone's team had decided on their positions last night.

Shirone, who had excellent movement, was the forward, Nade and Iruki were responsible for the left and right wings.

Amy, who was good at everything, was the linker, and Maya, who had weak offensive power, was naturally suited for guard.

In the Screamer team, Screamer, the protagonist of the magic killer, was the forward.

Luman, who had crowd control, and Pony, who had water power, were the left and right wings, Suavi, who had utility, was the linker, and Aider was the guard.

The two teams did not even look at each other. No matter what their usual relationship was, they were just competitors now.

Going further than that, Screamer raised his chin and approached Shirone. He knew the importance of the early fight.

"Hey, are you ready? I'm ready to smash you."

Shirone's stock had risen even more after the survival test, and the more excited he was, the more excited Screamer was.

Maya's team was the worst balance. If he could beat Shirone in this confrontation, he could establish his position in the graduation class.

"You must be nervous. You have a hole in your team."

"It's a shame that the biggest hole is saying that. Aren't you ashamed?"

Maya was no longer a simple graduation classmate to Shirone. He could not forgive Screamer who insulted her.

"Heh heh, I'll finish it 5 to 0. Look forward to it."

Following the call of the evaluation teacher, six teams moved to their designated battlefields.

Arlin, who followed Canis, suddenly remembered something and looked back at Screamer's team.

"......"

A huge snake was twisting its tail arrogantly.

It was always a strange sight whenever he saw it, but today it was even worse.

"Canis, wouldn't it be better to tell Shirone?"

"It's okay. Shirone is also a graduation class competitor. It's not like we're allied with them."

Arlin did not ask twice. She also had no room to worry about others as she staked her life on capturing the high ground.

As she crossed the threshold of the battlefield, Canis added a word.

"He's not someone who can be easily taken down."

* * *

Shirone's team and Screamer's team entered the second battlefield and checked their strategies briefly in their respective camps. The thing that bothered Screamer's team the most was Ataraxia.

"Listen well. If Shirone uses the magic circle that beat Dante, we have to rush in right away. We just have to cut off Shirone. It seems to take more than a minute to cast anyway, so we have a chance too."

Pony asked.

"What if we fail? If they come out with Guardian Force on their side, we might get hit back?"

Guardian Force was an extreme defensive form where all members protected the flag, and it was the first tactic that Shirone could choose when casting Ataraxia.

"Then we have to retreat. We have to dig a bunker on the high ground and hide. It will be quick with Luman's crowd control."

Aider said.

"So in the end we're giving up one point from the start?"

"It doesn't matter if we give up one point. He fainted after using it once back then. He can't use giant magic every round. It's better for us to chip away at Shirone's mental power."

There were many ways to counter it if it took a minute to cast even if it was powerful. If possible, they would cut it off, but if not, they could just hide.

"Come on! Let's eat 20 points straight. That's why we teamed up. Let's smash them in the early game as we said."

Screamer's team gathered their hands and shouted fighting.

Meanwhile, Shirone's team was also finishing their checkup. Iruki called everyone together and spoke in a low voice.

"We'll have to use Ataraxia depending on the situation. They'll probably focus their utility on Screamer anyway. We'd better take control of the early game with Sidewinder."

Sidewinder was a form where the wingers ran wide on both lines, which could put pressure on the enemy team that tried to gather in the center line.

As soon as they heard the voice announcing the start of round 1, 10 people scattered to their positions through spatial movement. Of course, spatial movement was disqualified when system 2000 was activated.
[Translated block]


Shirone waited at the 10-meter mark of the central line.

The battle map was symmetrical and had various coverings, so he couldn't see his teammates' faces. All Shirone could see was the Screamer facing him 20 meters away.

He wore a tight-fitting tracksuit and warmed up his body. He moved his feet quickly and then relaxed slowly. There was no sign of tension in his calm movements.

'Iruki will clash with Ruman, and Nade will clash with Pony. Then should I go into Iruki's line?'

The numbers were equal at 5 to 5, but depending on the strategy and tactics, there would be constant situations of 1 to 2, 1 to 3. The key was to lead the local battles to their advantage through selection and concentration.

-10 seconds left until the start of round 1.

The lights came on in the arena and the engine noise was heard.

The fire came on in the two thousandth bracelet, and the Screamer stepped lightly and twisted his body diagonally. And as he moved his feet back and forth quickly in place, he looked like he was floating in the air.

"Good! Let's have some fun!"

4 seconds. 3 seconds. As the count fell, the Screamer's legs moved faster.

It sounded like a drum from afar, but Shirone, who was watching from 20 meters away, felt goosebumps at the speed of Skima.

Could a human's legs move that fast? It looked like a steel spring that was pressed hard and ready to pop out.

"Wooohooohoo! Wooohooohoo!"

The Screamer's body blurred as he waved his limbs. At the same time, the two thousandth system activated and the power went into the spirit zone.

-The first round of high ground capture begins.

Bang! Puff puff bang! Bang! Bang!

Colorful fireworks exploded over the Screamer's head. Twenty kinds of utility magic combat packages from Suabi, such as muscle enhancement, agility enhancement, nervous system enhancement, concentration enhancement, endurance enhancement, etc., were plugged in without hesitation.

The Screamer's movement became faster with the high-speed force, which was a specialty of utility magicians. The moment his arms and legs reached an invisible level, a tearing scream burst from his mouth.

"Kiyaaaaaaa!"

Screamer martial arts-Biryonggak.

The Screamer stretched out both arms to the left and right as if his shoulders were dislocated and flew with his right leg stretched out like a spear.

'Spear to spear?'

A tactic to attack the opposing forward and pressure the entire line.

Seeing the Screamer flying like a huge bow weapon, Shirone reflexively cast magic.

'Frenzy!'

As the curtain of light pulsated, the Screamer's physical bullet pierced through the mass barrier and hit Shirone hard.

"Kruk!"

Shirone blocked his chest with both hands and flew more than 5 meters before falling to the ground.

Even though he had killed his strength with frenzy, the shock pierced through his vital point and made him breathless.

'This is the killer strategy of magicians.'

The strength of living things cannot be analyzed by the sum of numbers.

Just as increasing strength also increases speed, twenty buffs interacted with each other and produced a synergy effect that transcended numbers.

Puff puff bang! Bang bang! Puff puff puff bang!

Suabi continued to put buffs in. The duration of her active buffs was an average of 2 seconds. The key was to rotate 20 kinds in precise timing.

Amy blocked Shirone. It was standard for a linker to back up the central line in a spear-to-spear situation.

"Wadadadadada!"

The sight of the Screamer flying with teleportation was creepy. His posture changed like a butterfly every time a flash exploded.

"Wada! Wada!"

The Screamer punched quickly without skipping frames in his movements. A side kick that carried his full weight blew her away in her defensive posture.

"Kiyaaaaaaa!"

The Screamer clenched both fists and shook his body. His upper body, torn by frenzy, revealed his lean muscles and glowed red.

As soon as the central line was broken, the Screamer rushed into the high ground without hesitation. Maya took offense, but before she could use magic, she was hugged by the Screamer with her arm bent behind her back.
[Translated block]
Do you like this translation? I used Google Translate API to do it for you. If you want me to translate something else or write something for you, just let me know.😊
[Translated block]


"Don't get excited. By the way, what happened? Maya's sound magic is too strong, right?"

Pain of the second round was there. But he had no idea why Screamer amplified his magic in a short time.

Seeing Maya laughing with her colleagues, he remembered what happened during the strategy and tactics session and his anger soared.

'Damn it! How did you do that? That talentless kid...'

The atmosphere of the Siroene team was harmonious. The counter of the magic killer strategy worked well.

"Maya! You were really cool! You won this round."

"I just did what you told me to do..."

Iruki's advice to exclude vocal skills hit the mark. Maya had a natural talent for singing, so she abandoned her full power and drastically enhanced her omnipotence.

Of course, there was a limit to this method.

The reason why sound magicians learn vocal music is because it is the most specialized in handling voice technically. In the end, fighting with omnipotence alone only works at the student level.

But Maya willingly accepted Iruki's suggestion.

She wanted to bring victory to those who fought Screamer for her.

The Siroene team was not a one-man team.
[Translated block]