


The elite 200,000 troops of Jinchun stared at the Gustav Empire with a huge border in between.

'I can't believe this is possible.'

The two empires connected by the space distortion of Gwangcheon Castle were the pinnacle of magic.

'Your Highness...'

The rumor that spread among the Jinchun army.

Everyone knew that Seongeum sacrificed herself to create this opportunity.

'I'm not afraid of death.'

The reason why the demons could fight without sparing their bodies was because they would be reborn from the hellfire.

But now they were blocked by Seongeum.

And her sacrifice beyond death raised the morale of the Jinchun army to the realm of demons.

Lian was not affiliated with any unit and protected Shirone's side.

'It will be a battle that will make history.'

From now on, every demon killed will be fixed as an objective force.

'But Shirone??????

Lian looked at Shirone, who was glaring at Gustav with a murderous eye.

'Are you really okay?'

The person Lian was looking at now was not Yahweh, who saved the world, but a single mage burning with revenge.

The anger was cold as a mage, but he couldn't say for sure that it was 100% rational.

"Let's go."

Before Oryongjang, the general of Jinchun, gave the order, Shirone crossed the border alone.

A step that leaps over a huge sea in one go.

Lian followed Shirone, who was stretching out coolly while teleporting.

"Hoo! Hoo!"

The appearance of rushing with the law of Macha was like flying in the sky at the same speed.

Oryongjang, who watched the two disappear in an instant, gave orders to his troops.

"All troops, attack!"

With a huge shout, 200,000 troops stormed into the Gustav Empire.

"Shirone! You're too fast!"

Lian caught up with him at a speed comparable to teleportation and shouted at Shirone.

"Shut up!"

He didn't expect an answer, but as soon as he saw Shirone's expression, Lian was sure.

'It's not Shirone.'

To be precise, it seemed like two Shirones with two different qualities overlapped.

Yahweh who practices love for all things.

What he had to accept in order to contain that impossible state was anger that knew no bounds.

'Split personality.'

It may not be a pathological symptom, but it is impossible to lose Yahweh without separating one mind into two.

'I see them.'

From a point where they left Marsak, Gustav's imperial city, 100 kilometers away, the army of demons spread out.

A demon scout who discovered Shirone and Lian fell into his unit in a parabola.

And shortly after, as if a huge ice melted in one second, the army of demons began to scatter.

4 I am......

Another voice of himself echoed in Shirone's head as he saw the enemies.

'I wanted to be a mage.'

I think I worked hard.

'It was something I liked and I was happy.'

Of course, I also had thoughts of making money by succeeding as a mage and not making my family suffer anymore.

'I'm human too.'

But I knew what was really important.

'Purity.'

Magic itself.

I wanted to do what I liked best without wanting anything else.

'But when I came out into the world... It was harder to just breathe and live than to be good at magic.'

Things I had to take responsibility for, things I had to bear.

Things I had to choose, but none of them I could give up.

'The only thing I could give up was.'

It was myself.

'No matter how hard it is.'

Really, the only card I had that I could give up was me alone.

'I just have to endure it.'

Responsibility piled up endlessly on my shoulders, and things I had to bear grew like mountains...
[Translated block]


'At some point, I came to my senses.' I was carrying all of humanity on my shoulders.

"Shirone! Get ready!"

At the point where the demons reached 100 meters ahead, Lian shouted, but Shirone did not respond.

"Shirone!"

He just teleported forward.

'I wish no one was having a hard time.' Of course, there are annoying people in the world, but I hope they are happy too.

I'm serious.

'Where did the bomb relay start from?'

Why couldn't I beat them?

To be honest, I wonder if it wasn't something I desperately wanted deep in my heart.

'If this is the case, just end it all.' Blow it up.

'There's nothing unfair. It's over when the world closes. There's nothing hard if everyone disappears. Yeah, let's end it here.' It's over.

"Shirone!"

At the same time as Lian shouted, Shirone's face crumpled horribly.

"Uaaaaa!"

The sphere of light that rose in his right hand vibrated terribly and spewed out a white light.

"Die! Human!"

The face of the demon flying at him with a spear did not appear in Shirone's eyes.

Just emotion, some feeling.

"Uaaaaaaa!"

Something I want to break right away, terrible and

A hateful feeling.

'Purity?'

The original intention of love has disappeared somewhere.

'It feels like I'm in the middle of space.'

The planet I left looked so small like a star that I doubted if it was really my starting point.

'I've lost my sense of direction.'

All I have left is the weak inertia of the first step I took from where I started.

'I can't do anything.'

That inertia just hopes that it will safely take me to my destination

Only water.

The moment a flash of light hit the demon, an explosion that blew away several tens of meters in radius occurred.

"This..."

Lian stopped walking and quickly raised his arm to cover his face as he was hit by the shock wave.

"Explosion?"

Photon cannon is not a bomb.

'It's like falling into the middle of the ocean.'

If you can't push the water away, you'll drown, but

There's no one to help me either.

'Do you know what's really scary?' It's being alone.

No one is there, so it's obvious that you can't even ask for help.

'If you know there's no one... your expression doesn't change either.

There's no point in having a scared face or a scream.

You just struggle quietly in the silence.

The pupils are dilated, the face is frozen, but the mind is strangely clear.

'Trying to do something...

It was Yahweh.

As if space was melting, spheres of fire sprang up everywhere.

"Kraaaaaa!"

Hundreds of photon cannons per second.

The only difference from before was that the flash of the photon cannon exploded before reaching the target.

'Light?'

In the magic world, there are four types of light speed that humans cannot distinguish with their eyes.

But Lian felt that Shirone's photon cannon was closer to light than before.

"Uaaaaa!"

Every time a scream came out of the weak magician's body, the demons were burning in fire.

Another photon cannon rose in Shirone's hand.

'Die!'

The flash with mass reached superluminal speed and

'Die!'

Compared to the speed of the photon cannon, the particles in the atmosphere were as good as stationary.

Kwaaaaang!

There were no demons standing intact where everything melted due to high heat.

How dangerous a superluminal photon cannon was, Lian clenched his teeth with a hunch.

'It's not magic that targets and casts.'

Literally, if it hits the entire space, civilians on Gustav's yellow star are not exceptions either.

'Damn it!'

Lian left Shirone killing the demons and flew toward Gustav's yellow star.
[Translated block]


```text
'Sirone, do you really not regret it?' Wouldn't you want to avoid the worst mass murder in history, unless you're going to live like a madman forever
[Translated block]