


[768] Breaking Up (3)

*	*	*

"That's one problem neatly solved!"

As Minerva was about to put the bond in her bosom, Shirone quickly grabbed her wrist.

"Wait a moment."

"Alright, alright. I was going to split it in half anyway."

"Why do you need such money?"

It was an amount that exceeded the limit of luxury that an individual could afford.

"You might not know because you just took over the department, but do you know how much money is broken in operating the Ivory Tower? It's impossible with the income of the Corona Kingdom."

"So you're asking for money outright?"

"We didn't ask for it, did we? It's a legitimate deal. Besides, Nam Eimond never lost."

Cutting 40% of the budget was fatal to national operations, but in the long run, it was like eating the country for free.

"The person who liberated North Eimond is you. It's also the duty of the star to calculate what results your actions will bring."

If North Eimond was handed over without any checks, the balance between countries would collapse.

'Even if I leave it to the Holy War, it won't be different.'

She shook off Shirone's wrist, took out the bond again, and shook it in front of her eyes.

"If you're not going to take it, am I going to eat it all?"

"Do as you please."

From the standpoint of the Integrated Space Administration, they just hoped it would be used well for human safety.

"Let's go back. I have to report to Taesung."

As they were walking to the exit of the office building, someone blocked their way.

"What is it?"

It was a fierce-looking young man who had shaved the left side of his head like a bald head and scratched his earlobe.

The hair on the other side was twisted into dozens of strands, and there were ornaments like animal teeth at the end.

'It's a wizard.'

I could feel the blatant offensive spirit that didn't care about the opponent's feelings at all.

"Hello. I'm Sky Wigo, a certified wizard of Nam Eimond."

Minerva immediately hit back.

"I don't know. What do you want?"

Wigo's face was flushed because he was a wizard who no one in Nam Eimond didn't know.

'Damn, does she really not know?'

He looked back at Shirone just in case, but she just blinked her eyes innocently.

"It's disappointing. Minerva, I understand that you're a senior, but Shirone, I thought you'd be a little different."

Minerva made a ridiculous expression.

"Minerva? You?"

Even Garcia, the chairman of the Nam Eimond Magic Association, couldn't call them like this.

Wigo, who knew he had crossed the line, immediately bowed his head and introduced himself.

"I'm sorry if you felt rude. To me, you guys are so unlike others."

"Why are we unlike others?"

"Well... because I was a candidate for the Ivory Tower too."

Shirone raised her eyebrows.

"Were you a candidate?"

The candidates that Arte had introduced before were La Enemy, Nane, Jinsung Eum, and Shirone.

"The number of candidates set by the Ivory Tower this time is a total of 10. And I was ranked 9th."

If it was true, it was understandable that it was unpleasant.

"Ah, I'm sorry. I also didn't know much about the candidates...."

Minerva cut off Shirone's words.

"Sky Wigo, ranked 9th. You're an unlocker who opened the immortal function like you, and a scale wizard."

When the information came out smoothly as if she didn't know, Wigo's mouth corners slightly rose.

"It's an honor to be remembered."

Shirone was also surprised.

"Did you know?"

"Not really... If it's the Sky family, it's more noticeable than other candidates. It's the world's best constructor family comparable to the Andreas family of Miro."

When he heard the name Miro, he had a rough idea of what it was.

"Before Miro appeared, it was so tight that it was impossible to compete. If Andreas's temperament is defensive, Sky is offensive. You can think of it as the difference between convergence and divergence."

Yolga of the Ardino family, who branched out from Andreas, also boasted the world's best defense.

"Constructor families study the principles of the world from birth, so the probability of entering the immortal function is quite high. Maybe Sky is being pushed at the national level."
[Translated block]


"Hmm."

While Shiro was lost in thought, Minerva asked again.

"But why us?"

The reason Miro was great was because he was uniquely great, even in the great Adrias family.

There was no reason for the Ivory Tower to change its attitude just because it was backed by the name of the Sky family.

Wigo's face twisted slightly, but it changed into a broad smile as if it were a reaction.

"Ha ha! That's right. I'm just a magician who couldn't get into the Ivory Tower. But do you know that? We didn't even have the chance to take the test."

Wigo pointed at Shiro.

"I heard that you were no different from me, Shiro? If there was no absolute candidate called La Enemy."

At that time, Shiro's candidate ranking was 4th.

Although it was tied with the same group with similar car values as Nane and Sung-eum, it was undeniable that it was lucky.

'I see why you're angry.'

The fact that the car value is not absolute was proven by Shiro, who ascended to the Five Saints.

'He became a star by surpassing Nane and Sung-eum.'

Now it's Yahweh's realm, but at the time of the test, Shiro's skills were far from now.

'If I had been given the opportunity...'

Wigo thought that if the 10 candidates had taken the test equally, the current result would not have come out.

"Aha, I see."

A playful light was in Minerva's eyes.

"In some cases, opportunity is everything. So what are you going to do? Death match? The winner becomes the Five Saints?"

It was her favorite hobby to cruelly step on the sprouts that grew without knowing how high the sky was.

"I'm not so foolish. I don't have any regrets about the position of the Five Saints."

Wigo was uncomfortable with Minerva treating him like a child.

'The gap has already widened.'

He, who could not overtake five more among the best students in the world, missed the biggest opportunity for growth.

'Father.'

When Shiro reached Yahweh's realm, Wigo's father, Cassia, who is now joining the Zion project, said this.

-Think of Shiro as nonexistent.

The moment you think it exists, all the magicians in the world lose their desire for the best.

'Are you falling behind this time too?'

Just as all the magicians in the world tasted despair due to Miro a generation ago.

"I have no intention of being stubborn. Your skills have been proven by the Five Saints of the Ivory Tower."

Minerva was disappointed.

"Then what are you going to do?"

"How about this? Compete with magic, not magic."

Depth of realm.

"Ho ho? Really, that's interesting?"

When Wigo came out surprisingly strong, a glimmer of hope sparkled in Minerva's eyes again.

'He's quite aggressive. It's Sky.'

Like a beast waiting for its leash to be released, he was anxiously waiting for Shiro's permission.

"Shiro, let's do it. It's rude to ignore it when it's so polite."

Do it, do it.

With Minerva's support, who was eager to see a good fight, Wigo added.

"Let me make it clear that it's not a challenge. Just if Shiro's bowl is big, maybe you can understand the stubbornness I made in my narrow bowl."

It meant that he couldn't admit it in the end.

'At least I'm not behind in the depth of the realm. Because I'm the strongest weapon of the family.'

Of course, Cassia didn't teach him that way.

However, Wigo, who was the third generation, was sensitive to the atmosphere of the family who had to stay in the shadow of Miro for decades.

"I understand your feelings, but..."

Shiro, who had finished thinking, said.

"I'm sorry. I don't want to fight you."

Minerva was more disappointed.

"Why, why? Don't you think about how unfair Wigo is? It's not often that you can see a star, so just do it."

Minerva's true feelings were clearly visible.
[Translated block]


"Don't butt in and be quiet. Since when have you cared about other people's affairs?"

Wigo spat out with force in his eyes.

"......Can I think of it as running away?"

"Yes, that's an accurate expression. I don't want to win, and I don't care if I lose to you."

Wigo's teeth gritted.

"Of course you would."

Having fully enjoyed the view from the highest place, it was enough to give it to someone else and come down.

'I can't accept that.'

The top spot that couldn't be satisfied without being pulled out.

It wasn't something that could be replaced by concession.

"I will also ask for your favor."

When Shirone turned around, Garcia, who was so hard to move, bowed his head deeply.

"I'm sorry. I think there's no need for someone to feel the emotion of defeat in this place."

Garcia approached.

"Wigo is a world-class talent. Although he didn't become a star, the Republic takes great pride in him."

"Chairman."

Because it was the words of a senior who was far away in the official hierarchy, Wigo also relaxed his expression this time.

"The enemy we need to fight now is not us, but the devil in our hearts. I fully understand the deep meaning of the Five Elements."

Garcia looked back at Wigo.

"Wigo is no different in worrying about the world. It's just that he's human, and he's blocked by a wall he hasn't fought. I think it's the way to help him overcome that wall, which will be the core power of humanity."

Minerva, who closed her eyes, nodded her head.

"Good point. Wigo, no, if it's about Wigo, he can definitely in the future......"

Shirone cut off the words.

"I can't guarantee that it will help."

"It will help."

Whether he learned the subject by losing to Shirone or maybe he really won Shirone, at least the lump would disappear.

'If it's a battle of fire magic, then the latter possibility......'

Garcia knew better than anyone what kind of temperament Wigo's fire spirit had.

"Okay."

As the word of acceptance fell, the eyes of the three people who were focused on Shirone shone brightly.

"But......"

From now on, Shirone was also serious.

"If you're going to fight for that reason, I won't adjust it properly."

"That's what Wigo and I wanted."

Minerva said to herself.

'Of course, me too.'

As if he heard the voice of his heart, Shirone sighed and moved his steps.

"Where should we do it?"

"The office is probably full of eyes. If it's the Sky family, it will be secret enough."

It was a word considering the body of the Five Elements, but on the one hand, it was a challenge in the enemy's camp.

Shirone didn't care.

"Okay. Then let's go there. We don't have time, so it's better to start right away."

When Shirone left the office first, Wigo, who met Garcia's eyes, clenched his fist tightly.

'It's done!'

The Ivory Tower, where the world's best magicians gather, and even at the top of it, the Five Elements......

'The chance to win has come!'

Following Wigo out of the office, Minerva patted Garcia's buttocks.

"You did a good job, you did a really good job. What's wrong with you? You're also helping my life."

Garcia didn't answer.

"Shall we bet? The winner gets a wish. Let's buy something on the way. You have to eat while watching this kind of spectacle."

'I really hate this woman......'

Garcia didn't answer.
[Translated block]