


[773] Question of Sphere (3)

* * *

Numerous stars reflected in the sun swayed beneath the monstrous Kaiydra that spanned the Pacific.

Zulu, sitting in the cockpit, led the way, and Kangnan and Gaold sat facing each other on the hunched back.

Breaking the long silence, Kangnan opened his mouth.

"Don't be too disappointed."

Zulu gently turned his head, but Gaold was just immersed in meditation with his eyes closed.

Kangnan, who folded his clumsy comfort, revealed his true feelings.

"No, if they are monks, they are monks, does it make sense that they reject us?"

They stopped by Zion, but the answer that came back was inaccessible, and in the end, they had to turn their feet without even seeing Miro's face.

"If the balance of the law is so, it can't be helped."

"Huh, then what about Mr. Armin or Mr. Kuan? Even if it's Zion, you need a force."

If it's Gaold's party's ability, Zion should rather welcome it with open arms.

'So I don't understand more.'

Armin circled around saying that Miro was out, but in the end, it was something that could not happen without her instructions.

"It's not because of balance."

When Gaold opened his eyes, Kangnan asked.

"Then what is it?"

"It's awkward to meet me."

Kangnan's eyes narrowed.

"Are you joking? Even though I was kicked out, the former president of the Thormia Magic Association was kicked out?"

Gaold looked at the vast sea.

"It's awkward to see the face. I've been frying in heaven like that. Besides, I have a debt to him."

"What are you talking about?"

Zulu said.

"Miro asked Gaold to sleep."

Kangnan's head turned as if it would break.

"Huh? When on earth?"

"When you were caught crossing Dogyeokyo. The two had a big fight. Even Miro was emotional at that time."

It was Kangnan's life that was saved.

"So, so……."

"I didn't. Gaold went to save you, and Miro said he would sleep when he came back safely. And now……."

Gaold has returned.

"Wait a minute, does that make sense? Does the best constructor of mankind reject us for such a reason?"

Zulu shrugged his shoulders.

"Whether it's a coincidence or not, it's a fact that Miro avoids Gaold. Otherwise……."

Kangnan looked at Gaold.

'After all, Miro is still...'

Whether it's hell or reality, it's the same world that is only terrible pain for Gaold.

Nevertheless, the reason for returning is one, because Miro lives here.

* * *

Nane and Shura climbed the highest peak of Dongcheon-dong in the east, which was not visible due to the clouds.

'There......'

There is a door of Gepin.

'Raises the army of heaven and ends the war.'

Terraphos protects the order of the universe, but it is also part of the system created by the intention of Anke Ra.

If Nane leads the angels directly and attacks humanity, even Terraphos has no reason to interfere.

'Everything is Ra.'

After Veron's death, the immortal community has been showing independent behavior, but the army of heaven is still intact.

'Maybe this is the last.'

Feeling the end of the world, Shura recalled the will left by Veron just before his death.

-Live.

'Well, is there anything eternal in the world?'

Eternity must be unreachable, and therefore it is not a fact but a realm of belief.

Shura cannot understand faith.

'Anyway, I'll think about it a little more.'

While resenting Veron for leaving a difficult homework and leaving, the place they arrived was a temple with 12 gates.

At the end of the gate, a mysterious cave was seen, and Nane lit a fire and went inside.

"The door of Gepin."

A huge iron ball engraved with Hena floated in the ceiling as high as the top of the peak.

"Open, the door of heaven."

As Nane's sermon was activated, the iron-colored sword soared vertically and deeply embedded in the iron ball.
[Translated block]


As Cheol-gu was separated into fragments, a dark sphere was born and sucked in the iron pieces.

"Let's go, to heaven."

The cave shook violently.

"It's dangerous!"

Shura warned, but Nane looked up at the phenomenon of the dimensional passage distorting rapidly with interest.

"He blocked it."

"Huh?"

As Shura asked back, the dimensional passage spat out the fragments and quickly assembled into its original sphere.

"He blocks the dimension with the dimension."

Nane turned towards the exit and asked.

"Is it your skill?"

Shura frowned at the group blocking the exit.

"Miro."

Miro was sitting on the back of Arius, who was lying down like a dog, and Zion's staff, Sein, was guarding her.

"How did you get here?"

Miro stood up from her seat and spoke.

"Why are you asking so suddenly? Since I opened the underworld, the next step is naturally heaven. But it won't be easy. I've studied a lot on this side."

As Shura was about to retort with a snort, Nane took the first step and asked.

"Architect, are you defying my will?"

Miro savored Nane's first impression.

'This guy is the current Buddha.'

He who has conquered all righteousness, and at the end of all the apostles who oppose it, has realized the right.

'Is that what it looks like to penetrate the universe?'

The appearance of wearing a hooded robe on a thin body, the tattoos densely engraved on the face and arms are probably full of the whole body.

'But…….'

Would it be strange if she felt like she resembled Shiro-ne?

"It's annoying to say that you're defying. This fight won't end unless one side gives up."

Nane's eyes were filled with sorrow.

"So I'm going to end it."

"No."

The incarnation of Cheon Sugwanse-eum flared up.

"Nane, you give up."

Just as the northern Taesan is the lowest place in the south, the highest place for Miro is the whole without corners.

Arius willingly became a dog to raise the prestige of Cheon Sugwanse-eum, who oversees all over the world.

"Woof! Grrrr!"

Shura hugged Nane from behind.

"A mere mortal."

As she revealed her snake-like characteristics, her tongue, red like blood, stretched out long and mocked Miro's party.

"How dare you threaten the Buddha?"

Sein's iron wheel eyes spun quickly.

'The false god, Shura.'

Even she, who denies the whole world, can't deny Nane's right?

'The realm is comparable to Miro. Leave Nane to Miro and cooperate with Arius.'

It seemed that Arius, who had the same thought, stood up.

"Leave it to me."

Miro couldn't answer.

'No magic scratches. It's a standard to quickly suppress with powerful axing.'

Even if the Buddha is right, if it's a fire magic that violates the law, the teeth will be eaten.

"Leave it to me."

At Nane's command, Shura, who had fallen from her body, headed for the exit, and Arius and Sein also turned their bodies.

"Miro, be careful."

Even if Miro can't win here, if Miro dies here, the balance of the world will rapidly tilt.

"I know."

Of course, Miro knew, but it wasn't an opponent she could kill while considering her own survival.

'I have no choice but to bet my life.'

As Shura, Arius, and Sein, who had fallen from her body, went outside the cave, Nane came a little closer.

"You are truly a good incarnation."

Cheon Sugwanse-eum would also be one aspect of the Buddha.

"But the era you needed is over, so now leave everything to me and wake up from your dream."

There was a loud noise outside the cave.

'The other side has started.'

At that point, Miro, who had erased all thoughts, unfolded the sequence formula at a tremendous speed in her head.

"Buddha, if you are truly merciful......"

The incarnation of Cheon Sugwanse-eum flared up to the ceiling of the cave and spread thousands of arms like a fan.

"Couldn't you even embrace their dreams?"

The question of the sphere.
[Translated block]


The moment Nane's head tilted to the side, Cheonsugwanseum's axing was activated.

'I can't cry.'

Cheonsugwanseum's palm was flying from Nane's left and right, drawing a huge trajectory.

'I can't cry in their dreams.'

As time compresses, the number of afterimages increases.

'Because it's a dream I made.'

Conversely, the faster the number of afterimages increases, the faster it reaches a single time.

'It's something I have to close.'

Tremendous speed.

The reason why all afterimages feel real is because the amount of shock per occurrence is measured as the total number.

'I hit it!'

Such axing.

'This is absolutely... can't... avoid...'

In the segmentation of time, another segmentation occurs and Miro's thoughts slow down infinitely.

'Ha...'

The universe stopped.

Looking up at Cheonsugwanseum's palm without afterimages, Nane thought about the ball.

'Mercy for dreams...'

Drrrrrrrrrr!

When Cheonsugwanseum suddenly vibrated, Nane's eyes, who hurriedly came out of thought, were filled with strangeness.

'It's faster.'

Pooooong!

The ceiling of the cave flew away due to the pressure caused by the collision of the palms.

Miro stuck out his tongue in the smoke.

'Chet! I avoided it!'

Nane, who flew her body narrowly and flew outside the ceiling of the cave, looked down at Miro.

"Is that the spirit that saved the world?"

Nane's tongue moved.

"Seolbeop, Simmang."

Thousands of swords formed a net and covered Cheonsugwanseum, who sprang from the cave.

'Is it a seal of Hwasin-sul?'

When the law was neutralized, Cheonsugwanseum struggled, and at that time, Nane pointed at Miro with her index finger.

"Those with the heart of Buddha."

The sword born at the tip of the finger began to spin.

"I am Buddha."

The sword, which rotates at a speed beyond imagination, is stuck where Miro is, and after 1 second, the peak is twisted like a twist.

Kugugugugung!

In the midst of the mountain collapsing, the center exploded, and Miro appeared between the soaring rocks.

"Right! Let's see the end with you!"

When Cheonsugwanseum, who is endlessly growing, tears Simmang, Nane's eyes sparkled.

"Prajna Paramita."

Gokurakjang.

The Hwasin, which is larger than the planet, pressed Nane with over 200 million afterimages of arms.

'Can this be avoided?'

If you jump out of the star, it will be possible, but Nane, who inherited the system of Anke Ra, does not allow the destruction.

"Seolbeop. Open."

Two swords were born from the fingertips of Nane, who crossed her arms in an X shape, and then they rotated once.

The world expands around that circle, and Cheonsugwanseum's palms press from both sides.

"Kuuuuu!"

As if trying to burst a huge ball with both hands, the air vibrated and the ground shook.

"I won't run away."

Miro accepted death.

"I fight with everything I have."

Because she is the one who must take it, not the one who maintains the game.

"Samme..."

Boundary.

Miro's consciousness is sucked into the void, and as Cheonsugwanseum's speed soars, the air is compressed.

The sound of iron crumpling in the wind made the three people fighting on the other side of the peak turn their heads.

'Samme Gyeong? It's stupid.'

In the end, he committed it.

"No!"

When Shura screamed, Cheonsugwanseum's palms collided in the sky that covered the sky.

"......!"

The ears couldn't receive the sound, and the nerves were paralyzed, turning the field of view into darkness.

In a state without sensation, consciousness gradually drifted away.

'Jeez! It's a shock!'

Because they are specialized in the mental series, they each exerted their organs and protected their mentality.

'Miro...!'

In a state where it is unknown whether he is standing or falling, whether his bones are broken or intact, Sein prayed.

'Just stay alive.'

The echo of the roar shook the middle sky.
[Translated block]