


[795] Beta Fish (5)

"Arian Shirone."

He was the only person in this world who could currently use the super unification force.

'Is it really possible?'

It was a collection of all the laws that were presumed to exist in the moment when the universe turned on, that is, the Planck era.

'They won't be able to handle it.'

It was not to belittle the skills of Boridalma and Hye-ga, but the super unification force was poison to the constructor.

'Even the most righteous Buddha couldn't destroy it. But what about the extra-legal meal?'

The 10th rank of the Tenro Association, the realm was not comparable to the upper ranks, but her heart was a completely different universe.

"There is no Yahweh of yours in me."

Mortasinger, who landed on the ground, rushed towards Shirone and cast her magic.

"Hidden Piece."

As the ether wave spread, a giant mecha cube fell over Shirone's head.

'I can't avoid it.'

Such a law, or equivalent exchange.

"Kuk!"

Shirone looked at her right hand disappearing with eyes that she couldn't understand.

"What......!"

At the same time, the world was torn apart like a puzzle, and the sense of body began to tangle.

'It's not the world that's torn apart.'

Shirone's body, academically, the schema was torn apart.

"It's started."

Boridalma, who checked Hye-ga's condition, looked at Shirone as if she had turned a cube puzzle around.

Extra-legal meal Hidden Piece.

Mortasinger, based on the ether wave, can tear the target into 98 cubes.

Taking one piece from there completes the puzzle, scrambling the space like a cube.

'It's Istas!'

Shirone recalled the structure of the mecha she saw in heaven and the Istas of the magic school at the same time.

When she concentrated her senses in a state where her eyes moved to the original ankle, the block began to move.

'The nerves are alive.'

There is no clear schema like a test.

However, the anatomical diagram of which organ of the body should be where was laid in the unconscious.

"Hohoho! It's in vain!"

By the time Shirone barely moved one eye back to its original place, the lower body was even more messed up.

In a situation where one side scrambles the puzzle and the other side matches it, Shirone's thinking became faster.

'I got the hang of it!'

The blocks rushing towards Mortasinger began to regain their original shape as they created waves.

'What are you thinking......'

Shirone's thinking power, which has been trained for a lifetime, was the best in the world.

"Give me my hand back."

The puzzle was solved, but Mortasinger still had the hidden piece of her right hand.

'How do I release it?'

There must be a condition for the extra-legal meal, but before that, Mortasinger replaced the hidden piece.

The space above the two eyes disappeared, including the radius surrounding Shirone, divided into 98 spaces.

"It's over!"

At the moment Mortasinger confirmed the victory, a photon cannon rushed towards her.

The brain of Shirone, who had become a hidden piece, emitted a special brainwave just before it fell into darkness.

'You won't be able to avoid it.'

The speed of the photon cannon itself made Mortasinger a movement zero state.

'Because it's the highest speed.'

Although there was a momentary time left until the collision, she fell into darkness with confidence in the law that had already been determined.

"Kiyaaa!"

She hastily released the hidden piece and twisted the space with an ether wave to let the photon cannon pass.

'As expected.'

When Shirone's vision returned, she saw Mortasinger, who had fallen holding her shoulder.

'Even if it's the same ether wave, the realm is shallower than the sound.'

Even if it's a non-believer, how much you can twist the law of the world is a completely different problem.

'If it was Lian, he would have avoided it.'

Lian's belief breaks the law of the world as a whole.

"Shi Lone!"

At the sound of calling from the stage, Shirone's spirit zone expanded rapidly.

'Is it the limit?'

She kept watching during the battle, but the situation was that the guards could no longer keep the stage and opened the way.
[Translated block]


"Kyaaak! It's coming! It's coming!"

As the immortals charged, Jestin blocked the front and the tournament participants were in a panic.

"What the hell are you doing! You've taken all the money! Shouldn't you be protecting us!"

No matter how much they shouted, the security team, which had already become a mute, could not help them.

"Get a grip! We have to protect our bodies!"

Pony, supported by Maya, struggled to raise her water power, but the power of the Noruk tribe's group magic surpassed her.

"Why do we have to protect our bodies! Who do you think we're dressing up for! Get up now!"

As the immortals climbed onto the stage, it quickly became chaotic, and Jestin couldn't muster the strength.

'They're really strong, these guys......'

They were skilled enough to cause national terror, not just a world beauty contest.

"Kiyayayayayaya!"

As the Kergoins raised their curved swords and screamed, Rangi kicked the ground and jumped out.

"No!"

Rangi's teeth clenched.

'I don't know how to do a schema either......'

As he flew like a hawk and kicked, the Kergoin's upper body bent like rubber.

"......Huh?"

Rangi's face went blank at the speed he couldn't even confirm with his eyes from close range.

"Weak earthlings."

The Unwoldo drew a flash of light, and Rangi's body was pushed back with a terrifying momentum.

The Kergoin frowned and looked at the place where Shiro was holding her.

"Are you okay?"

"Huh? No, that's......"

It was Shiro who had seen a few days ago, but the cold energy in her eyes was the first time she had ever encountered it.

"Hey! Shiro!"

Pony shouted.

"You told me to stop these guys! This isn't a criminal level!"

"I stopped it anyway."

As Pony gritted her teeth, a wall of water surged up and then poured down.

"Now it's your turn."

As nearly 200 of them took over the stage, Shiro jumped out.

As the flash of the Mountain Movement spread like a net, the formation of the immortals collapsed in an instant.

"Wow......"

Everyone was stunned at the sight of the enemies who couldn't even catch one of the security team falling down.

The flash was pouring down, and the number of immortals dropped from 200 to 100, then again to 50.

'Pony, you lied.'

Rangi took in the sight of Shiro tearing through the enemy lines like electricity.

'Can't you deny it?'

When she was a magician, Shiro was emitting the most beautiful light in the world.

"Lord Mortasinger, please go back."

Boridalma approached, supporting Hye-ga.

"I don't know why you're here, but it's Hexa who couldn't even use the other executives. You can't win."

"Hmph! Who said I won?"

He was the youngest in the Tenlohoe anyway, and he didn't care about the depth of the realm or the skill of magic.

"I'm telling you to kill those guys!"

The beautiful things in the world.

"Hidden Piece!"

As the regulation food was activated again, the entire stage was divided into 98 blocks.

As the blocks tangled like a puzzle, the block where the participants were pushed in front of her.

"I'll burn your face!"

As she ignited her hands and charged towards space, sparks flew from Shiro's eyes far away.

With a bang, the flames swept the participants.

"Kyaaak! Save me......!"

So far, it's been 1 second.

'Time Vibration!'

And as that 1 second vibrated endlessly, this time Mortasinger grabbed her head and screamed.

"What, what is it?"

As the repetition of 1 second was contained in one 1 second, the participants' eyes were divided into countless blocks.

As the information formed a huge wave and danced through the section, the world gradually began to take shape.

'I found it, the last puzzle.'

Shiro, who had been turning her back on Mortasinger, erupted like a fountain, and the front and back were reversed.

"......"
[Translated block]


"Who are you?"

If the source of trauma is beauty, the condition for releasing the non-standard meal is to reveal the face.

When Wind Cutter turned towards Mortasinger's face, the hidden piece was released and the scenery returned.

"No! Don't look!"

As she lost her momentum and flew towards the mountain, Boridalma and Hye followed.

"Now! Arrest them!"

Shirone looked at the mountain as he heard the sound of the security team capturing the terrorists who had regained consciousness.

'Immortal community. Have you lost your place?'

The situation where Anke Raga disappeared must have been like being abandoned by God for them.

'It seemed like I couldn't find a reason to fight.'

Except for one person.

'Considering the power of ability, at least a figure equivalent to the Tenro Club. But why do this?'

The situation was increasingly incomprehensible as he thought about it.

* * *

The evening newspaper was a long-awaited extra edition.

Every newspaper put the World Beauty Contest terror incident on the headline, and people's interests were all focused there.

"Whew, it's not a mess."

When Justin returned to the guild, Shirone, who was eating with the members, asked.

"What happened? What does the host say?"

"Proceed with the contest. Most of the terrorists have been arrested, and it seems to have worked on the top."

Shirone was absurd.

"But there are still some left, right? Even the mastermind of the terror. And yet, do you continue the contest?"

"Because it makes money. You know?"

"What about the participants?"

Justin showed fatigue for the first time.

"I thought my ears were bleeding. I need psychological counseling, prescribe psychiatric medicine."

I could imagine without seeing it.

"Do they do it obediently?"

"What can I do? It's not just about picking pretty people. The official slogan is to make the world peaceful with beauty. There will be a lot of criticism for those who run away here."

Shirone recalled the Gado demonstration.

"There are quite a few people who take the contest seriously. It must be a golden opportunity for them."

"Yeah. So I'm doing it, but......"

Justin sighed.

"They say you have to guard it. If you deliver the official comment, I will never do it without that handsome man."

"I can't help it. I have an acquaintance. Please insert it."

Justin shook his head.

"No, they want you to take care of them. So you have to be in the waiting room. Even the bathroom, shower room, and restaurant should accompany you."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Me? Are you crazy? I'm a man, right? How can I accept such a request? Besides, tomorrow is the day to wear a swimsuit!"

Go tell them yourself! The big virgins are crying, mom, mom, what do you want me to do? The security team and whatnot don't trust anyone but you! It's a complete panic state!"

A groan came from Shirone's throat.

"I'll try to scold you."

"Do it yourself. But it's useless. It's already spread among the participants who you are. No one would refuse to be protected by the world's best magician."

My head was already throbbing.

"Tonight, everyone will stay in the bunker, but the problem is tomorrow when the contest resumes. What are you going to do? The security team also wants you to do it. It's no joke to hear it? This time, the terrorists, the guys who let the demons loose all over the world?"

It was an organization that annihilated special forces from various countries.

"……I got it. I'll do it."

There was no one else to protect the stage right now, even though the participating countries would quickly take action upon hearing the news.

"Hey, you."

Akku touched Shirone's shoulder.

"Do you need an assistant by any chance?"

Shirone, who turned his head, read the twinkling eyes of the other members.

"No, I don't need it."

Shirone, who said firmly, lowered Akku's hand.
[Translated block]