
[477] Her name is Kang Nan (1)

Gauld, who lifted his head toward the sky, accepted the situation without a doubt.

Did he really think this was possible while conducting the project for 20 years?

But for those 20 years, he never stopped thinking about today's situation, so he thought it was nothing but something that had to happen.

'I have to run away.'

That necessity quickly switched Gauld's thoughts.

From now on, there was no need to look back.

Getting out of this place was the only earthly task left for him.

"Krrrrrrrrrr!"

Gauld's concentration reached the end of his mind and reached the realm of death, and a tremendous air press crushed Uriel.

The power to stop even the Archangel of Destruction for a moment.

It was just that, but it was enough for Gauld now.

"Just run!"

Sain landed behind Gauld's back and immediately followed by other companions.

Gauld, who turned his body for the last time, caught Cariel, who was frozen in his rotating eyes.

No matter how archangel he is, he cannot transcend time as long as the stop magic is not released.

But beyond Cariel, the hordes of fallen angels who ran madly were different.

"Get out at full speed!"

As soon as Gauld's words were over, the magicians cast teleportation and popped out.

They were the best magicians in their respective lines, so the flash quickly left the plain and finally entered Dogegyo.

Sain cut off Miro's leash first.

There was something cumbersome about Arius being pulled by a leash, but if he started to speed up from now on, his neck would be choked and he could be in danger.

Arius rolled on the floor and quickly regained his balance and moved forward.

He lost his eyes, but he was once one of the Black Line Mado7 girls, and running away with his own body was not a problem.

"Activate it!"

At Sain's command, Kang Nan kicked open the door of the engine room.

She found a huge operating device that seemed impossible to pull unless she was a giant, and when she kicked it, the metal handle made a bell sound and pushed back.

It wouldn't have much effect on flying fallen angels, but it could temporarily block access from Mara walking on the ground.

There was also an advantage that Dogegyo could block long-range attacks from enemies when erected.

When she came out, Gauld's party had already entered Dogegyo.

Kugugugugung!

Dogegyo split into two in the center and slowly soared toward the sky.

It was impossible for human technology to erect a dogegyo with a width of 1 kilometer and a length of 4 kilometers in one piece.

"Miro! Take back Miro!"

The fallen angels only aimed at Miro and rushed in.

They also knew that everyone's feet would be tied if they caught her.

The fallen angels who had forgotten even their noble memories as angels became one spear and rushed onto Dogegyo.

The bridge was filled with enemies in an instant, and another battle took place on the bridge that was gradually tilting.

No matter how fallen angels they were, the power of an attack with all their heart was formidable.

Gauld's party felt painfully how much Armin's stop magic played a big role in this project.

'But now I can't use stop. We have to do it ourselves.'

Stopping time does not mean canceling an event.

The current stop reverse field is on Cariel, and if the reverse field is released, Miro's head will explode without any chance to intervene.

Meanwhile, Uriel flew to the wall instead of chasing Gauld and looked at Cariel trapped in stop.

"Cariel......"

Miro's problem was secondary to Uriel.

After all, Cariel planned all this and Uriel helped him from a bystander's position.
[Translated block]


But he experienced a considerable mental shock after seeing Cariel.

There was no radiance to be found from the archangel who had stopped time.

'How can a mere human neutralize an archangel.'

The Paradise Spear rotated with a sound of wind, but he did not dare to destroy it.

He would be frozen in the field anyway.

'It can't be reversed right now.'

He needed the help of the Archangel of Light, Rael, to accelerate at the speed of light and turn back the stopped time.

"But......"

Uriel turned his head to the Gauld party that was getting farther away.

"I have to get back what was taken first."

Uriel's body turned into light and flew in a parabola to the center of the bridge, which was several kilometers away.

Kuuuuuuuuuuuung!

When Uriel landed, everyone's feet felt a vibration as if they were standing on a wave.

The place where they were standing was a point one kilometer away from the entrance of Dogae Bridge.

Unless Gauld's party were easygoing people, it would be difficult to chase them if they got off the one-way road.

"I will destroy your will."

Uriel spun the Paradise Spear and Gauld used Air Press.

Again, the atmosphere burned and a huge explosion rose on the bridge.

"Keeeeeuk!"

Gauld's party was pushed back by the shockwave and fell in all directions.

He could tell from the power that Gauld was pushed back without seeing it with his eyes.

Gauld, who had lost strength in his body, fixed his gaze on Uriel and staggered.

He had to protect him.

Even if he died here, he could not let Uriel pass.

Every time he took a step closer, the pressure increased by 2 times, 4 times.

When his body was crushed by the energy that seemed to stop his heart, Uriel stopped walking.

"You're just like Cariel."

'Cariel?'

As soon as he heard that name, Gauld felt a sudden fear.

He quickly turned around with a surprised expression and heard Sein's voice.

"Miro!"

Miro, who had escaped from Sein's arms, was flying high in the sky.

Flames created by the seal of fire were burning on her arms and legs.

Seal Art - Prison of Fire.

Urotas, a fire giant mage who had crossed the river at an angle of 30 degrees on Dogae Bridge, shouted with both hands outstretched.

"Uhahahahaha! I did it! I did it, Lord Cariel! Remember my name, Urotas!"

He dropped Gangnan over the wall and hid himself after receiving Cariel's order.

It was Cariel's last resort to reclaim Miro in case something went wrong.

"No!"

As he looked at Miro, who was quickly moving away under the seal art, Chimi felt a sense of emptiness that even his party members who had formed the best party could not handle.

Gauld took a step forward and then knelt down on his knees.

His head was full of thoughts, but they were mixed up and blackened.

One possibility he found in that darkness.

"Doggy!"

Gauld shouted and Gangnan immediately twisted his body.

"Biteeeeeee!"

Gangnan kicked off the ground and ran towards Miro, who was crossing the sky, moving his legs quickly.

Some of the fallen angels went back to Miro while some attacked Gangnan.

Kung kung! Kung kung!

Gangnan listened to his heart beating in his ears and calculated their movements.

He couldn't afford to stop for a moment.

He dodged their precarious attacks by a hair's breadth while shaking his upper body like a leaf swept away by a storm and broke through their ranks. He jumped up where he couldn't avoid them anymore and stepped on them as he rushed forward.

"Huuuuuuuup!"

The angle of Dogae Bridge was now rising to 45 degrees.

It was impossible for a normal human to run, let alone slow down on such a slope, but Gangnan's speed did not decrease at all.
[Translated block]


'More, faster!'

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

As he kicked the ground with a powerful force, the rocks broke and fragments flew backwards.

Miro was already flying across, and all she saw in her eyes was the sky.

"Kee ...!"

Gangnan clenched his teeth and put more strength into his legs.

Despite the uphill, the acceleration increased, and he finally kicked the broken bridge of the dog bridge, which was almost tilted to the level of a cliff, with all his strength and flew up.

"Kiyaaaaaa!"

Kwaah!

As the end of the bridge exploded as if it was wrapped in an explosion, Gangnan's body flew.

A blue river shining in the sun passed below 1 kilometer, and he ran in the air with nothing to catch on his body.

He saw Miro disappearing beyond the opposite dog bridge.

And beyond that, the giant Urotas was sending him a fiery gaze.

As the fire seal was engraved on his heart, the blood circulating quickly throughout his body stepped on a sudden brake and a shock hit him.

In his mind that had leaked out white, Gangnan's consciousness flowed into a time of one purpose and mission that he had never forgotten.

-Are you Gangnan?

A man asked the last descendant of the wolf tribe who wandered around the slums with broken fangs.

-The soul of a wolf.

And he smiled slightly and said this.

-It's a cool name. Gangnan.

"Kiyaaaaaa!"

Gangnan spat out a strange sound and moved his limbs.

Bang! As the flame of the seal exploded, his heart started beating again.

Urotas' hateful face, looking at him with astonished eyes, gradually approached.

Gangnan is not the strongest warrior of Ramuai. But she was the best warrior.

'I am the last descendant of the wolf tribe!'

The voice of Joja, who handed over Oui, echoed in his ears.

-Don't rely on your fangs. Have a jaw that can break anything.

Crack!

Gangnan's abdomen, which stretched like a bow, began to harden like a stone.

And finally, her body, which shot like an arrow, passed Miro and approached Urotas.

Ramuai striker-Arangui.

"Hueeeup!"

Gangnan clenched his abs with all his might and pulled his elbows and knees together as if crouching.

As the attack hit Urotas' crown and chin, crack! With a sound, the giant's face, which was as hard as a rock, shattered into pieces.

It was the jaw of a wolf that chewed up a giant.

Thud!

Gangnan landed almost at the same time as Urotas fell and grimaced in pain.

The muscles in his abdomen were torn apart so he couldn't even stand up.

He clenched his teeth and twisted his body. And he grabbed Miro flying in and activated gravity control.

"Hueeeeee!"

The angle of the dog bridge was close to 70 degrees, and if it tilted a little more, everything would be over.

Gangnan and Miro, who were stuck almost vertically on their legs and spinning, were able to look at each other completely for the first time.

Miro doesn't know who Gangnan is.

But in a short moment, the emotions contained in her pupils told him everything.

'So this kid is...'

Miro shook his head even while being wrapped in centrifugal force.

He shouldn't throw himself away. What really needs to be thrown away is...

When Miro signaled that it wouldn't work, Gangnan smiled dryly at his lips for a moment.

But soon he wrinkled his nose like a warrior of the wolf tribe and burst out with energy.

"Kiyaaaaaa!"

He threw Miro into the air with all his might, and with a bang! With a sound of wind, her body began to jump over the bridge by tracing back along the trajectory she had flown in reverse.

'Ugly duckling...'

Finally, Gangnan's feet left the floor of the dog bridge and began to fall down as far as the length of the bridge below.

'If you call me a mongrel one more time...'

Gangnan's body turned upside down and he couldn't hold onto his fading consciousness anymore and slowly closed his eyes.

The last thing that remained in his memory was the faces of countless fallen angels pouring down from the sky.
[Translated block]