


```text
Singularity (2)

"What?"

Lian's expression became serious.

It was clear that Lian's awakening was also due to the genes passed down from Ogent and Smiley.

'Brother too??????

As he went up further, his grandfather Ogent Klump pulled out <Idea> from his heart.

Guy raised one corner of his mouth.

"You didn't think you were a chosen being, did you?"

"Not at all. But...

It wasn't just a matter of reaching a level where anyone could reach just because there was a memory left in the genes.

The ultimate of divine transcendence, Idea.

"How far have you gone?"

"Well. You'll find out when you stick it yourself."

Lian looked up at the smoky smoke rising from beyond Marsak, the yellow planet.

It was still far away, but it meant that Sirona had come close enough to the capital to be seen with the naked eye.

Lian aimed at the great sword.

"Hurry up. There's no time."

"You're mistaken."

Guy kicked the ground and rushed in.

"Your time is over here."

As Guy's sword struck the great sword, Lian's right arm twisted grotesquely.

"Yacha's body."

Functionally speaking, it would be a body that swings the mind.

"You look too easy."

Guy's top popped with a bang and his muscles hardened like rocks.

Woodduck. Woodduck.

As if it had become fuel, a haze swayed behind him and his body took on a complete yacha shape.

"Uaaaaa!"

Guy, who pushed Lian away with great force, attacked him with an unreadable barrage.

It was a one-sided attack worthy of the nickname of a light warrior, and Lian could not read the trajectory of the sword.

"Huh!"

As Mach's blow cut the world horizontally, countless afterimages disappeared like illusions.

Guy's side was cut in half, and blood spurted from both shoulders of Lian at the same time.

"Huh. Huh. Huh. Huh." The expressions of the two men looking at each other's wounds being regenerated were opposite.

"Shall I tell you one thing?"

Guy said as he slashed his sword diagonally.

"Just because Akashic Records restores information doesn't mean you're immortal."

Lian listened.

"Physics is nothing more than a manifestation. It is nothing but a result implemented by signals. You think that when you cut a human being, he dies because his body is separated, but behind that is because the information that makes up his body is manifested."

It is called life.

"Idea restores information, not body. So even if your neck falls off, you can live. But...

Guy lowered his lower body and grabbed his sword upside down.

"What if you cut information?"

He swung his sword hard, and Guy's arm burst and split the world up and down.

"Kruk!"

Guy's sword had already been disintegrated into powder, and Lian had no room to dodge as he dropped the great sword to block it.

'It doesn't break.'

Of course <Idea> existed firmly even while cutting the information of the world.

But the vibration in the sword was enough to shatter all the finger bones of Lian.

"Kraak!"

The moment he dropped the great sword to the ground, Guy kicked the ground.

"Information is also physical force."

Lian looked down at his broken palm and clenched his teeth.

'Recovery doesn't work.'

The information contained in Guy's sword destroyed Lian's information recorded in Akashic Records.

"How about it? Isn't it cool?"

Lian flew his body hastily as Guy followed him and cut his body.

"Ogent is a genius."

He avoided cutting, but Lian's body was a mess with traces of Guy cutting through it.

'Is it cool?'

Lian remembered.

It wasn't an image memory, but Ogent in the feeling conveyed through genes...

'Not cool at all.'

He was just one man who struggled to survive.

"Keeeee!"

Breathing is the hardest thing to do.

It is the hardest thing to breathe one more breath even though he has already crossed the line of death.
```
[Translated block]


"Move."

Idea flew in front of Lian, who had his arms stretched out, and blocked him.

It vibrated with a tremendous shock wave, but the great sword resisted Kai's power until the end.

Lian said.

"Is that how it happened?"

He was always calm and clear-minded.

"So you went crazy?"

Just to become the best of swords?

"I am the strongest!"

The moment Kai raised his arms again and tried to strike, Lian's finger bones regenerated.

He grabbed the handle of the great sword with both hands and spun his body with tremendous force.

"You abandoned your faith!"

The vertical sword and the horizontal sword were both too fast for human eyes to see.

"Kuh!"

But Lian was much faster.

Kururururururu!

The buildings within a huge radius collapsed, and Kai, whose upper and lower body were separated, fell to the ground.

"Tsk tsk, that's how it is. I thought you had grown a little, but you still can't get rid of your youngest vibe."

Kai's lower body began to regenerate below his waist.

"What's the point of cutting your body? I taught you how to kill."

Lian pointed the great sword at Kai's chin.

"Come back. This is your last chance. I don't care what you did. I'll take responsibility for you for the rest of my life."

Kai, who had returned to his normal body, dodged Lian's aim and flew away.

"Responsibility..."

And Kai, who was lost in thought, chuckled.

"What are you doing these days?"

They were trying to kill each other like enemies just a moment ago, but Lian obediently answered.

That's why they were family.

"Knight. I am Shirone's sword. As long as my lord tries to save the world, you are my enemy."

"Shirone? Oh, Shirone."

The guy who is one of the five stars of Ivory Tower.

"Go. I'll let you go today. It's embarrassing to fight like a clumsy fool."

"Come with me."

Kai pointed behind him.

"Don't you have enough time to worry about me?"

The smoke that Shirone created by destroying filled the sky.

He knew it wasn't just anger that would subside by slaughtering tens of millions of demons.

'Jegil.'

Lian looked around the city and said.

"I'm going to save people first. Don't do anything and just stay there. We'll talk again when this is over."

"Boring. Why are you so serious about everything? How are you going to date a girl?"

Lian turned his body.

"...Stay alive."

What was left in Lian's place was not just cold air after the fight.

"Family."

Come to think of it, he seemed to have something called family.

"Run away! Run away!"

Far away, he could see the brilliant and huge walls that surrounded Gustav's capital.

Shirone, who had been walking and killing demons from 100 kilometers away, had a pale face.

He had been fighting for more than 24 hours without rest, and the aftermath of Ataraxia's hexagonal system was also terrible.

When the light wave disappeared, the demons scattered around looked back at him.

"Are you satisfied now?"

The order from the legion commanders was to 'just die' until Shirone's anger subsided.

"Ataraxia..."

Shirone, who raised a huge magic circle, shed blood tears from his eyes.

"Hexagonal system."

The eyes of the demons widened.

"Aaaaaah!"

Another huge curtain of light spread out, and the explosive force of light speed blew up everything outside the capital.

And at that point, the number of demons killed by Shirone exceeded 200 million, which was 20% of Hell's army.

'It feels good.'

Shirone looked up at the sky and cried as he felt the world being purified.

'If only it had been like this from the beginning...

Wouldn't Seong-eum have been spared?

"What is love anyway?"

How horrible a place would it be?

Is she enduring endless pain in hell's horrific environment right now?
[Translated block]


```text
You are strong. More than anyone I know...

I thought of Seong-eum's appearance, who was bravely accepting the pain with his back straight.

But the image soon changed to an imagination of Seong-eum screaming and wailing.

"Dieeeeeee!"

Light particles spread around Siro-ne, and again in almost stopped time, the demons scattered into smoke. A demon who was watching from the high sky said to the second corps commander Melania of the demon.

"It's a big deal. There is no sign of his anger subsiding. At this rate, the world will end, right?"

It was only a matter of time if it went on like this.

"I guess so."

Melania, who was lying in the air looking at the ground, twisted her central axis and stood up.

"I have no choice but to go."

The demon was surprised.

"No! Why do you have to go out of all the demons who are the most beautiful and pure! Aren't there other corps commanders?"

Above all, it wasn't even second in rank.

"What can I do? If it's killing Yahweh, I don't know, but if it's on the receiving end, I'm qualified."

Her underworld is darkness.

He couldn't guess how great Yahweh's anger was, but he was perfect for holding out until his anger subsided.

The demon burst into tears.

"Uaaaaang! Commander Melania! No!"

"Don't come. It's not something to see."

Leaving the demon behind, Melania quickly descended to the ground.

In the midst of a light bombardment at an incredible speed, she reached out her white hand.

A black curtain in the shape of a disc rotated and sucked in all the photon cannons.

"Commander!"

The demons who caught the change in the situation also stopped their movements and gathered around her in unison.

"The commander has arrived! From now on it's a counterattack!"

The moment she opened the underworld, Siro-ne couldn't run wild like now.

"What are you?"

Siro-ne, whose mental power was still amplified, approached and Melania's pupils shook.

'Buddha.'

If the future is decided, is it inevitable that Yahweh became a Buddha at some point?

"Stop your anger. No matter how much you hate us, this is too much. You are originally...

"Shut up."

Siro-ne glared at him as he approached.

"Dirty demons like that."

The brigade commanders who were guarding Melania's side frowned and held out their weapons.

"How dare you command..."

Melania raised her hand to stop them.

"The spirit realm is closed and the demons have lost their homeland. Your anger is not our fault. Why are you venting your anger on us for what she did?"

"So are you wronged?"

"The devil is originally such a being. Why do you force repentance? The ones who should repent are not us, but humans."

A photon cannon flew in.

Reflexively, a black curtain unfolded, but even that pierced through and hit Melania's face.

"Commander!"

Melania, who had no movement with her upper body bent over, slowly returned to her position.

Blood ran down her beautiful face.

"I'll tell you."

Siro-ne moved his feet.

"Whether humans commit evil or not, whether demons came from humans or not... there is no mercy.

"You repent."

The eyes of all the demons burned red, and before they took action, Melania said.

"The demons do not repent."

"Then die."

As Siro-ne approached closer, all the demons prepared to fight for their extinction.

A huge sphere of light rose above Siro-ne's head, and at that moment it shook terribly.

"Commander!"

Melania knelt down and lay down on the floor.

The second most powerful person in hell was humiliated by human means, and the demons were shocked.

"Get up! We'll fight!"

Melania raised her head.

"Until your anger subsides, torture me as much as you want. I will not refuse any punishment you impose."

Becoming a Buddha must be prevented unconditionally.
```
[Translated block]
Her face was so pure and beautiful that it moved the hearts of those who saw it, but...

Shirone just looked down coldly.
[Translated block]