


[657] Mercenary Recruitment (1)

Alpheus Magic School.

Spring, the start of a new semester, was still far away.

With most of the teachers gone home, Bishop Ethela of the Carciss Monastery was engrossed in meditation in the training center.

'A great evil is coming.'

Even without hearing the news about Ra Enemy, her finely honed mind was realizing the changes in the world.

'I have to step forward.'

Even in the Carciss Monastery, where the country's top geomancers gather, Ethela had a unique position.

She was a bishop overseeing one of the twelve dioceses, and it was possible for her to be the immediate successor to the Yin-Yang Wave Power, which has been handed down from her ancestor, Carciss Yung, because she was a genius who could come out once in a hundred years.

"Bishop, are you in there?"

Ethela, a monk and a joiner, was already aware of the guest coming to her from a kilometer and a half away.

"Come in."

The woman who slowly opened her eyes greeted the guest with a beautiful smile.

"It's been a long time, Bishop Rodi."

A man in his 60s, shorter than Ethela, entered the training center leaning on his cane.

His white eyebrows stretched out like wings, and he had a kind face.

"You're still at school. You should go around the diocese."

"Yes. I'm thinking of leaving in a few days. I should have come to greet you first."

Rodi waved his hand.

"No. I fully understand that you are busy. You can't be as idle as an old man like me."

Since there was no end to humility, Ethela offered him a seat.

"Please sit down. But... why are you here?"

After the greetings were over and he sat down, Rodi's expression suddenly darkened.

"I'm sorry to say this, but..."

It was clear that it wasn't good news, but Ethela calmly waited.

"Archbishop Raphael has passed away."

"What?"

Her mind, which could maintain composure in any cruel situation, was greatly shaken this time.

"I'm sorry, but what you're saying is..."

"He was murdered."

Ethela's heart sank.

"Isn't there some mistake?"

Why would the Archbishop of Carciss Monastery, who chose the path of goodness, be killed?

Even if there was, Raphael was not a skill that could easily be taken away by any strong man, as he was the successor of the Yin-Yang Wave Power, who taught Ethela directly.

"The monastery couldn't believe it at first either. We thought he had left for geomancy practice as usual. His body was recovered from the central mountains three months ago."

"No, why? That is, the teacher..."

Ethela, who couldn't suppress her confused emotions, was still calm in Rodi's tone.

"The only suspect when we confirmed the Archbishop's sign was Shagal."

"Shagal is..."

"One of the top 100 dangerous people in the world. According to experts, he is called Shagal of the Rapid Sword. In fact, 273 self-inflicted wounds were found on the Archbishop's body. They say it's a sign of being stabbed at a tremendous speed."

Ethela's lips trembled.

"Anyway, the monastery is currently scheduling the election of the next Archbishop..."

"Where is he?"

Ethela cut off his words.

"Where is this Shagal now?"

There was no reason to tell Ethela, whose identity was not even confirmed, the news.

"I heard he went into Bashka a while ago."

Rodi, who told the truth, looked at Ethela, who was closing her eyes quietly.

"Bishop Ethela, revenge is nothing more than a method of evil. The doctrine of the Carciss Monastery, which the Archbishop advocated, is..."

"I know."

Ethela opened her eyes again.

"I also don't agree with repaying murder with murder. However, as a disciple, I feel sorry for not even hearing the last will of my teacher."

She has to meet Shagal.

She has to hear what kind of person he is, why he had to kill the Archbishop who chose the path of goodness.
[Translated block]


"I will go to the monastery. Bishop Rodi, please take care of the monastery."

Rodi, who confirmed Ethela's sparkling eyes with a will of steel, sighed and got up from his seat.

"Please be careful. I am not unaware of your skills, Bishop, but he is a dangerous person."

Ethela stood up against him and took the courtesy of a monk.

"Thank you for telling me in person. Please check."

Even after Rodi left the training center, Ethela stood there for a long time as if she had lost her soul.

"Master."

Raphael's benevolent face, who had cherished and cared for her like a daughter since she was a child, flickered in her memory.

"Black……."

Ethela, who couldn't hold back her tears, finally knelt down.

"Heuk. Black."

A faint cry echoed softly in the training center.

* * *

A bonfire was burning in the deep forest of the Jijeon Mountains behind the king.

Shagal, sitting on a rock, was looking at the dagger flickering in the firelight.

The dagger pierced the palm of the opposite hand with a thud, but the blade did not come out through the back of the hand.

When he slowly pulled out the dagger, the blade that had been buried inside the handle revealed itself by the force of the spring.

A magic knife that no one can harm.

It was the first gift Shagal received when he joined the Leaf Circus.

"There is no moon."

Looking up at the pitch-black night sky, he suddenly remembered the battle a few months ago.

'It was dark then too.'

Archbishop Mago Raphael of the Carciss Monastery.

He was a strong person who could not guarantee his life even though he had killed many strong enemies.

-Whichever way you go, the way back is behind you.

The words he spat out during the battle somehow became his last words, but strangely, they did not leave his head.

Perhaps because his words reminded him of a precious person who remained in his memory.

"Boss."

25 years ago, when Shagal was seven years old.

He, who was abandoned as a newborn baby without knowing who his parents were, realized that he was different from others when he was about to become iron.

The scent of the incident.

Although it was probably an extreme development of olfactory cognition that occurred from the fetus stage when he could not see, at that time, he just dismissed it as being able to remember something better than others.

So when the Leaf Circus, which was wandering around the Merhen Kingdom and performing, came back after 2 years, Shagal was able to recognize that person exactly.

"Are you performing from today?"

In the midst of the performers building a tent on the grassland, the circus boss Raiden, who was peeling an apple a long way away, realized that a dirty kid was standing next to him like a wild dog.

Raiden's appearance, with his bald head, was ridiculous enough that he didn't need to do a Pierrot makeup.

"Well. We can't perform unless people gather, can we?"

When Shagal couldn't lead the conversation and hesitated, Raiden, who understood the child's heart, asked.

"Do you want to see the circus?"

Shagal nodded his head.

"So?"

Shagal, who slowly backed away, suddenly kicked the ground and tumbled with a nimble skill.

"Ho?"

He definitely had excellent motor nerves for a kid.

"I want to join the circus too. I don't need money. Just let me eat."

Raiden, who guessed Shagal's life, made a pitiful expression.

But it was difficult to join the team just by tumbling.

It was a fact that could be seen just by looking at Tia, who was the same age as Shagal and had mastered free acrobatics, unicycle, ball rolling, and tightrope walking.

"I'm sorry, but it's something I have to discuss with the members. It looks glamorous, but it's a very dangerous job."

Shagal did not give up.

"I don't care if I die. It's the same whether I die today or tomorrow."

Raiden, who was watching the tears flowing down to his chin, gestured to come and handed out the dagger he was peeling the apple with.

"If you're tired of living like that, I'll cut off your breath."
[Translated block]


It was later that they realized that the look in Raiden's eyes at that moment was that of a perfect professional.

"......Stab. I'm not afraid of dying."

Raiden, who was staring coldly at the trembling child's body, stabbed the heart with a lightning-fast action.

"Kuk!"

A rough breath burst out, but Shagal never moved.

Raiden, who had been watching her clenching her fists and enduring, finally smiled and pulled out a short sword.

As the blade sprang out with a spring sound, Shagal, whose legs had lost strength, slumped down.

"What, what is it?"

"Surprised? It's a magic knife."

"Magic?"

Raiden showed her how to press the end of the blade with her finger.

"This is how the blade goes in. But you need quick hand movements for the illusion. Like this."

When she stabbed her arm in reverse, the blade went in and out quickly with a wind sound.

"How about it? It looks like it's really being stabbed, right?"

Raiden held out the handle of the short sword in front of Shagal, who was staring blankly.

"Always practice. The point is to stab quickly."

Shagal's head shot up.

"Then am I going to be in the circus too?"

"Let's just say you're a trainee. The show starts tomorrow, so go to the city with Tia and distribute the flyers."

"Tia?"

Raiden laughed.

"There's a stubborn girl like you. Get along well. It might be a bit of a headache."

Shagal, who joined the Grass Leaf Circus, learned many skills from Raiden, and by the age of fourteen, she had mastered most of the circus tricks.

"Tia! Come out quickly! We have to distribute the flyers!"

"Wait a minute! I have to do my makeup!"

Tia, who had finished her clown makeup, came out of the tent in a short skirt.

They had been together since they were seven years old and were like siblings, but now Tia looked different in Shagal's eyes, who had entered puberty.

Hiding his inner feelings, he pointed at Tia and laughed.

"Puhaha! The snot looks too real! What, is it real?"

"Shut up! This is what the kids like!"

Wouldn't the parents bring them to the show if they had to buy the hearts of the kids?

"Is it that weird? Should I just erase it?"

"No, it's not weird. It's natural for a fool to make up like a fool."

"Do you really want to die?"

Tia chased after him with her nails up, but it was impossible to catch up with Shagal after the secondary sexual characteristics started.

"Uh-oh! The fool is chasing me!"

Actually, Shagal liked Tia's makeup.

Tia, who had to be the subject of adults' lewd gazes due to her professional characteristics.

He wanted to punch them every time, but at least no one knew Tia's bare face, so he could bear it.

"Hey, hey! Bark! Bark!"

Woof! Woof!

The two, who were playing tag, stopped at the sound coming from the opposite tent.

"What is it?"

When they went around the tent to check, three boys from the city were throwing stones at the dog guarding the Grass Leaf Circus tent.

"Die! Hey! Hey!"

Shagal roared.

"Hey! What are you guys doing! Stop it right now!"

"Huh! Who are you to tell us what to do? Don't you know that my dad cut the performance permit?"

"Why are you bothering a dog that's just sitting there? Do you really want to get in trouble?"

The boys, who were a little taller than their peers, were startled by Shagal's threat, but they were not scared more than that.

"Do you think you can scold us? Hey, Pierrot! I'll come to see your panties later!"

Shagal's eyes flipped.

"These kids......!"

But before he could throw himself, Raiden had already approached the boys and gave them a cold look.

"Ugh!"

Even they, who were not afraid of anything in the world, had their knees weakened in front of the cold eyes that even tamed beasts.

"Go home. The show hasn't started yet."

When the boys, who were looking at the situation, turned their bodies and disappeared, Shagal, who was still not relieved, asked.
[Translated block]
"Boss! Why are you just letting them go? Those guys need to be taught a lesson."

"You're still young. It's okay to forgive once in a while."

"What does being young have to do with it? The sprout is yellow."

"Haha! That might be the case, but it might not be. How would you feel if someone said that about your mistake?"

"I don't care. I don't make mistakes."

Raiden tapped on Shagal's head.

"Shagal, everyone makes mistakes. Many mistakes that you don't even realize. Yet, the fact that you can think like that is......"

Raiden, who had half-bent his knees to match his eye level, spoke.

"Isn't it because someone has already forgiven you?"

Tia, looking at Shagal who was lost in thought with a blank expression, had a smile on her Pierrot face.

-Because someone has already forgiven.

The words Raiden conveyed could have remained in Shagal's heart as a belief forever.

Until he met La Enemy.
[Translated block]