


```text
[503] Wholeheartedly (2)

"Human beings..."

Woorin said.

"You can throw your heart into everything."

It was the conclusion she reached after experiencing countless lives.

"But you can't get it. We are only beings who throw something away."

That's why greed and desire are never satisfied, and this world is full of chaos.

"Because they are self-centered, they can rather die."

When humans actively seek death, they become something more than human.

"Even throw everything at something that has no life."

"In a way, it's selfish."

Woorin laughed at Gando's words.

"Yeah. Humans are selfish animals. But Gando, that's the fear of humans. They are so selfish that they can do altruistic actions. We are such contradictory beings."

Woorin didn't know what was going on in heaven, but she knew without seeing it because she understood the nature of humans.

Gaold's party will collapse the future.

With a purely selfish mind, they were throwing their hearts at something with a terribly altruistic act.

"This place..."

Kuan moved.

"It's my grave."

The moment he kicked the ground with his right foot and jumped out, Muyeong felt the world turn upside down.

But in reality, what turned upside down was Kuan's body, and his body began to shake in an unstable orbit as he rose upside down.

'I can't predict the sword.'

Even with his insight that transcended the limits of living things, he could not even judge how Kuan's attack would be inflicted.

"Huh!"

Kuan's sword barely grazed his neck.

And then Muyeong finally realized vaguely why his judgment was paralyzed.

The reason why he couldn't predict the sword was because it didn't exist from the beginning.

He is building a decisive one-way line among all kinds of uncertain variables.

It was completely opposite to the human way of thinking and acting, setting a goal and acting, and therefore he couldn't stop it even if he knew it.

'Should I cut off my arm too?'

For a moment he thought so, but soon shook his head.

The reason for cutting out part of his body was because he didn't need the balance he had maintained so far.

He didn't realize it because he cut off his arm, but because he already realized it, he didn't need his arm.

'It's terrifying, the sword.'

The first skill he learned when he was born into the world.

Maybe it wouldn't have mattered if it was something common, but now he knew.

That there is infinite subtlety in what he holds.

'I want to conquer it!'

A strong desire that could not be replaced by anything hit Muyeong's brain.

Small insights that can be obtained by doing a very boring and simple act for years are embodied in his body at every second, raising his skills to the extreme at the speed of light.

"Hueeeee!"

Muyeong's pupils tightened and his tongue popped out of his open mouth.

The appearance of holding out both swords and flailing around was like a madman.

Looking at him like a child throwing a tantrum, Shiina and Armin felt goosebumps.

A genius with a peculiar temperament that could never be born from humans had concluded that the ultimate swordsmanship was not as beautiful or brilliant as humans had thought.

But in terms of the efficiency of killing people contained in that skill, no swordsman could disagree with how perfect it was.

As if dozens of knives were falling behind him, Muyeong carried countless possibilities of swords and rushed forward.

"No!"

Shiina jumped up and tried to jump out of the barrier, but Armin grabbed her waist and pulled her back.

He could even steal Muyeong's skills.

It wasn't at that level.

The genius who went crazy with the sword would not even care about magic or anything like that.

That's why he was able to reach the ultimate killing in front of him, even if Armin showed himself at that moment, his neck would only be cut off.
```
[Translated block]


"Shiina! This is not our place to step in!"

The reaction speed of the nameless, who perfectly chose the path of the sword, had reached a level that was impossible to catch up with even for the best magicians.

Shiina's eyes welled up with tears.

The nameless's formidable swordsmanship was almost absolute, telling of Kuan's death.

"Because of me... because of me..."

Suddenly, she had such a thought for the first time.

It was a mission where anyone could die, so Kuan's death was also converging to everyone's death.

That's why she could say it confidently.

But at this moment, Shiina felt guilty.

It also meant that Kuan's death no longer converged to everyone's death.

"Don't die! If you die...!"

Shiina pushed Armin away and ran out, taking a step outside the stop barrier.

"Don't come!"

Then Kuan's scream made her feet stiffen.

She realized it late, but surely at the same time, the nameless's sword passed by in front of her eyes.

It was the nameless who failed to cut Shiina, but no more words of ridicule came out.

His gaze was only watching Kuan, the human of unknown identity.

"......Please."

Kuan, who belatedly added honorifics, was bleeding from numerous wounds.

He was panting as fast as his heart, but his eyes were still alive.

He turned his fierce killing intent toward the nameless again after confirming that Armin had taken Shiina back in.

'Damn. He's really strong, this bastard.'

If this creature crosses over to the human world, how many sacrifices will the wind make to stop him?

It was a swordsman's curiosity that inevitably arose at the edge of death.

And the question that followed from that was this.

'Can I beat the wind now?'

He was tormented by trauma and deliberately avoided thinking about it, but for the first time it was attached to his head.

He wasn't sure he could win for sure, but he didn't think he would lose like before either.

At that moment, Kuan heated up and thought for the first time that he was lucky to be born into this world.

'I'll end it here.'

He suppressed the bleeding as much as possible with schema, but he couldn't completely stop the blood coming from the cut on his arm.

Whatever the outcome, this is the last.

'I have no regrets.'

Kuan dropped his sword down and approached the nameless.

Limp. Limp.

The nameless's mouth twitched as he watched Kuan limp.

Every time he took a step, the scenery shook and then Kuan's figure began to flicker.

He was losing consciousness.

'I can't do this in my lifetime.'

It wasn't a matter of state, but a divergence of personality.

The moment he realized that his sword was different from mine, the nameless began to like his sword for the first time.

'Then this is my sword.'

The nameless charged at the same time as Kuan's body spun.

"Hueeeeeee!"

If the nameless's sword contained precise killing intent in madness, Kuan's sword was brilliant and beautiful.

'Yes.'

In the scenery where everything was mixed up, Kuan pulled out Shiina's face exactly.

'I'm a clown Pierrot.'

He couldn't get closer or farther away, just dancing in front of her as Pierrot.

"Hueeeeeee!"

The nameless's sword that split space infinitely became sharper, and Kuan threw his body toward the infinite death.

'I won.'

Even if he died, Shiina had Armin by her side.

'I won.'

He beat Armin.

I saved Shiina.

The only thing left at the end of his miserable life was that small consolation that no one knew about.

Kuan's eyes reddened but he smiled strangely and clenched his sword.

What does it matter?

'I'm a sword ghost!'

Kuan's body spun at its maximum speed and began to shake like crazy.

"Uaaaaaaa!"

A flash of light cut through and passed between the nameless's sword that was taking over everything.
[Translated block]


* * *

"Erghaaaaa!"

Zulu screamed with a torn throat.

Red blood was flowing down under his wide-open eyes, and his soulless expression was grotesque enough to feel cold.

Hooohooooo!

The more he did, the more powerful the Lich became.

Kali's four weapons alternated in activating their abilities, but the Lich gladly accepted any death.

A sphere of electricity floated above the Lich's head and spread electricity in all directions.

The blue electricity left a white afterimage on the retina even after it disappeared, and Zion's equipment was destroyed in the flashing landscape.

Zulu cried like he had regressed to three years old.

Lonely.

The loneliest in the universe.

The heart that he could not throw to anyone became a monster and ate the flesh of his inner self, and deeply, deeper into him, it dug into him and dragged Zulu's loneliness to the abyss.

Hooohooooo!

"How can this be......"

Kali's skin trembled.

The Lich showed how far a human's mind could fall into hell.

Zulu's mind became more muddy and dark, and the Lich's lightning spread endlessly.

Hundreds of electricities that scratched along Zion's wall suddenly gathered into one and struck Kali's body.

"Kyaahaaaaaak!"

Even the scream of the god of death was nothing compared to the Lich's sorrow.

The Lich hugged Kali's body and turned himself into electricity.

Pssssssss!

Silvery cracks began to appear on Kali's black body, and finally it hardened into hard ash.

Even after the Lich and Kali disappeared at the same time, the mind that fell into hell did not calm down easily.

Zulu knelt down and hugged his body, calling Ergha's name over and over again.

"Ergha. Ergha."

"Kirrrrr."

A small black bird flew up in front of Zulu as the boss activated.

Ergha looked down at Zulu with a cold expression and a hateful look.

* * *

"Aaaaaa! Euaaaaaaa!"

Kanya hugged Babel and wailed.

The destroyed shape looked more miserable than death.

There was no life from the beginning, but it was not an important issue for Kanya.

Humans are too lonely beings.

"Why...... is life so hard?"

Woorin looked up at the ceiling and asked like a girl.

"Why does the one who gives the heart hurt more?"

Gando looked at Woorin with a faint expression and thought.

Does she know?

That he is looking at her and hurting now.

'Maybe not.'

That's human.

In the Hall of Corruption where even Cariel left, Uriel finally understood Anke Ra vaguely at the end of the war.

Gaold was still fighting, but he was no longer a threat.

His mind had already left for hell, and what was moving him now was nothing but an animal signal created by his last fighting instinct.

"Aaaaa! Aak! Aak!"

Gangnan pulled his arms with all his strength.

A faint sensation came from his wrists caught in <Self-Explosion>.

It must have been pain, but it was the only hope for Gangnan.

'It works!'

Feeling pain means that <Self-Explosion>'s ability is not working properly.

A blind will to go to Gaold made Gangnan's body transcend its limits.

"Aak! Aak! Aak!"

As the handcuffs and wrists collided, there was a clattering sound, and the skin that turned red peeled off and blood began to ooze out.

'This is human.'

Uriel thinks.

The one who throws his heart away.

He can flow either good or evil, and by doing so, he destroys the absoluteness of this world.

A being born from the Akashic Record, but heading outside the Akashic Record.
[Translated block]
"Argh! Argh! Argh!"

Kang Nan swung her arm with all her might.

As the power that surpassed her own ability through the divine transcendence was applied, she finally began to hear the unpleasant sound.

Crack. Crack.

The bones were crumbling and the recoil of her swinging arm was getting bigger and bigger.
[Translated block]