


[676] The Secret of Radum (4)

"What's with that guy?"

The members of Speedkiller and Kwangjong looked at Shiro with an unpleasant gaze.

How many times do they have to be interrupted during their meal?

If it wasn't for the wizard who blew off Pidu's head in one shot, they would have lost their sanity.

"Joshua, Kargin. Are you okay?"

Since the enemies were nearby, the two quickly nodded their heads.

Shirone confirmed that Joshua's ankle was twisted and made eye contact with Marta.

'It's that guy after all...'

He was the most powerful Ain species here.

"Step back."

"What? Step back? Are you out of your mind?"

Goblins, who feel more fear than humans, do not easily get scared in any situation.

"Why would we give up such delicious food?"

Shirone, who once asked Flu if there was a peaceful solution.

At that time, her answer that she should not impose her ideals on others was cruel, but now she understood.

"You guys are also the same life."

Marta frowned as if she had been insulted.

"I don't want to kill meaninglessly. But I don't know how to save my colleagues without fighting."

"So what? Are you going to beg for your life?"

"Run away."

A photon cannon floated on Shirone's palm.

"That's fair."

"Kukkukkuk!"

Marta shrugged her shoulders.

"Hey, human. Is this your first time doing this?"

Shirone did not answer.

"Do you think you're a dragon? How many species do you think can compromise with goblins in the world? Just fight. Whether we live or die, we'll take care of it."

Marta showed her fangs and said.

"Become a goblin's shit."

As the members of Speedkiller and Kwangjong rushed in at the same time, Kargin, who was holding Joshua, closed his eyes tightly.

"Yahap!"

From the top of the building, a shout was heard, and then Lian, who had overcome gravity with his bare body, swung his great sword.

When four Pidu tribes were cut off at once, Marta ran in with her tongue out.

"What's that?"

As the unique goblin swordsmanship unfolded, aiming at the ankle while rolling on the ground, Lian quickly stepped back.

'It's definitely fast. This is a goblin.'

In terms of speed alone, it surpassed the schema.

"Taha! Taha! Taha!"

As he came in and cut continuously while rolling forward, Lian counterattacked by swinging his great sword with his wrist.

"Kick! You're slow, stupid!"

The moment Marta, who had avoided the horizontal swing of the great sword and rolled on the ground, aimed at Lian's ankle.

"Huh?"

Destroying common sense, the trajectory of the sword curved and the great sword, which was held in reverse, accurately hit the body.

"Kraaak!"

Even in a situation where he was crushed like a bug, he could not understand.

'How...'

He had never even imagined a swordsmanship that changes its trajectory while swinging.

"It's hard to catch a cockroach."

Lian, who had forcibly reversed the flow of the sword with transcendence, muttered, feeling the dull pain coming from both arms.

"Marta!"

Normally, when the leader dies, they would be scared, but the goblins' combat power increased even more sharply.

"Stab hundreds of times!"

Despite the bravado, the goblins who were pushing in from all sides simultaneously stopped their steps.

"What, what is that?"

The landscape began to turn red like hell, centered on Shirone who was reaching out.

Buildings that beat like a heart were seen inside the landscape that clearly formed a boundary with the real world.

"Come out, Igor."

And from that hellish world, Igor, the lord of horror sitting on a dead horse, walked out with a spear.

"Raktas Sagara Bero Dem."

When he spat out his unique mantra and stuck the spear of blue flame into the ground, blue lightning spread out in concentric circles.
[Translated block]


"Ahhhhhh!"

The landscape of memories born from the retina of the goblin and the pupil quickly passed.

Because they were originally a warlike race, the trauma they experienced was different from that of humans.

"Ah! Just kill me! I said kill me!"

The memory of being tortured as a joke by the leader when he was just born swept through his brain as real pain.

"Damn it! Why do I see this!"

Some goblin scratched his eyelids with sharp nails, and blood flowed down.

He didn't even want to imagine what kind of spectacle it was for a race that did cruel things for fun to dig out their eyes.

The illusion of trauma that passes in an instant, but is an eternity for them.

Eventually, the Ain tribes who succumbed to fear began to scatter, screaming.

"Can, can that be."

Kargen and Joshua opened their mouths blankly.

They couldn't believe the sight of those who had been laughing at them as mere food, screaming in fear.

"That's why I told you, run away."

Homing photon cannons floated around Shirone.

As the laser of the seeker fluttered around and captured the target one by one, it bent in at a terrifying speed.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

"The light is bending, isn't it?"

Kargen bit his lip as he watched the goblins and pupils spill their brains as if they had been hit in the head with an iron ball.

'It's different. It wasn't a battlefield where we, the bottom dwellers, could fight.'

He realized anew why it was 100,000 gold, and what it meant that there was no free lunch in the world.

Igor, who was proudly looking down at the battlefield where the enemies were annihilated, turned to Shirone and said.

"You call often."

Even though it was a back world, the area of space was the same as reality, so it was hard to meet once you left Radum.

"Go in. I'm not in the mood for a joke."

The magic of a magician with a car score of 90 percent could not be merciful, but the emotion was still human.

"......It's a matter of your world."

When he turned a blind eye to the sense of urgency, the back world closed again and Igor's figure disappeared.

Shirone, who calmed her mind with the breathing method of the unsang heart, jumped down from the building and looked back at Kargen and Joshua.

What they found out for the first time was that Shirone had moved from her place for the first time since the battle began.

"How are your legs?"

"Ah... I'm okay."

It didn't look okay at all.

"Please bear with me a little longer. Let's go find the other members first. Then it would be better to treat it."

Shirone turned her body because she didn't know when the enemies would appear again, but Kargen rolled her eyes anxiously.

"Um... Captain."

When Shirone turned around, Kargen knelt down and slammed his forehead on the floor.

"Please! Let me go back!"

Joshua said with a ridiculous expression.

"What are you talking about all of a sudden..."

But she too had to shut her mouth when she saw Kargen's expression, who turned her head with a sob.

'He wants to live.'

He wanted to live so much that he could die.

"I will vomit all the money I received! I will also pay the penalty! Please let me and Joshua go!"

The reason for organizing the mercenary group in the first place was to infiltrate Rufist unofficially into Radum.

Nevertheless, the mercenaries also joined with the determination to die, so it was a breach of contract to get out now.

"I know that a mercenary who has once betrayed cannot set foot in this field. How are you going to repay the penalty?"

"That is......"

Did you think that the benefactor who saved your life would let you go easily?

At the cold response of Shirone, when the blood was drying, Joshua crawled over with a broken ankle and lay flat.

"I will do anything I can to repay. Please have mercy. I want to live."

'Hmm, there's also a scam problem.'

The thought suddenly crossed Lian's mind, but the decision was Shirone's anyway.

"Go. I don't feel like joking."

The emotions of the magician with a car score of 90 percent were still human, even though there could be no mercy in his magic.

"......It's a matter of your world."

When he turned a blind eye to the sense of urgency, the back world closed again and Igor's figure disappeared.

Shirone, who calmed her mind with the breathing method of the unsang heart, jumped down from the building and looked back at Kargen and Joshua.

What they found out for the first time was that Shirone had moved from her place for the first time since the battle began.

"How are your legs?"

"Ah... I'm okay."

It didn't look okay at all.

"Please bear with me a little longer. Let's go find the other members first. Then it would be better to treat it."

Shirone turned her body because she didn't know when the enemies would appear again, but Kargen rolled her eyes anxiously.

"Um... Captain."

When Shirone turned around, Kargen knelt down and slammed his forehead on the floor.

"Please! Let me go back!"

Joshua said with a ridiculous expression.

"What are you talking about all of a sudden..."

But she too had to shut her mouth when she saw Kargen's expression, who turned her head with a sob.

'He wants to live.'

He wanted to live so much that he could die.

"I will vomit all the money I received! I will also pay the penalty! Please let me and Joshua go!"

The reason for organizing the mercenary group in the first place was to infiltrate Rufist unofficially into Radum.

Nevertheless, the mercenaries also joined with the determination to die, so it was a breach of contract to get out now.

"I know that a mercenary who has once betrayed cannot set foot in this field. How are you going to repay the penalty?"

"That is......"

Did you think that the benefactor who saved your life would let you go easily?

At the cold response of Shirone, when the blood was drying, Joshua crawled over with a broken ankle and lay flat.

"I will do anything I can to repay. Please have mercy. I want to live."

'Hmm, there's also a scam problem.'

The thought suddenly crossed Lian's mind, but the decision was Shirone's anyway.
[Translated block]


"I mean, I'm going to keep fighting."

In some ways, he thought that the life of a prosecutor, who only needs to think about one thing, might also be blessed.

When Lian deliberately avoided their faces for the two, Shiro-ne sighed heavily and said,

"Go."

As soon as the approval fell, Karugin and Joshua raised their heads sharply and looked at Shiro-ne.

It wasn't the generous face they had hoped for, but it wasn't filled with feelings of criticism either.

"If you safely leave Radum, go find Mr. Brooks and rewrite the contract. And return the commission."

Karugin, whose heart was full just by thinking that he could survive here, nodded repeatedly.

"Thank you! Thank you so much!"

Shiro-ne, who had turned her body coldly, flew up to the building and said to Lian,

"Let's go."

Lian, who followed Shiro-ne quickly and climbed the building by stepping on the wall, landed on the roof.

"Are you going to find other members too?"

"I have to."

Perhaps like Karugin and Joshua, they might say they will leave Radum, but so far, they were clearly Shiro-ne's members.

Shiro-ne, who was silently jumping over the building, asked,

"......What do you think?"

"You know. The sword doesn't judge."

"Not as a sword, but as my friend Lian. Do you think it was foolish to send the two back?"

Lian, who had been silent for a while, chuckled.

"There's no way, dummy."

The idea that someone who doesn't know that one life is precious will take care of 10,000 lives is a delusion.

Shiro-ne was always Shiro-ne.

* * *

"What? What the hell is going on!"

Brooks, who received a report from his subordinates, hurriedly moved his steps along the corridor.

The scream of the Trinoid Venetia was leaking from the room at the end of the corridor.

"Stop! Please stop!"

When Brooks arrived at the room, he turned pale at the sight of Venetia's eyes filled with madness.

"Hey! Get a hold of yourself! What's going on!"

The time zone where Brooks is now.

-Wasn't that what you wanted?

The La Enemy talking to Venetia was in the past.

"No! It's not like this!"

When La Enemy came to Brooks' mansion, Venetia decided to face him.

"What are you decorating?"

Since he gave up the position of the leader of the spectrum, he thought there would be no more being used by him.

"How about seeing it for yourself?"

La Enemy's memories began to flow into the brain that handles Venetia's past.

'This is…….'

It was an incident.

A story of La Enemy in the distant past that cannot be called history.

"Kyaaaak!"

Blood tears flowed from Venetia's eyes.

'How, how can this happen!'

Is this a disaster or a blessing?

The only thing that was clear was that it was an event that reached a singularity that could not be analyzed or predicted even with the brain of the Trinoid.

"Ah, ah……."

Venetia's painfully distorted face suddenly became blank as if she was in ecstasy.

'That's right. God. This is exactly…….'

The shocking truth that God was hiding.

'We can't win. No matter what means we come up with, we can never beat La.'

La Enemy approached with a sad smile.

"That's right."

When he slowly reached out and lowered Venetia's eyelids, she felt her life slowly fading away.

"That's me."

Venetia prayed earnestly.

'Come out of there, Shiro-ne.'

She must not meet La Enemy.

'No one should try to save humanity.'

"Hey, Venetia! Get a hold of yourself!"

Brooks flipped Venetia and shook her shoulder, but her body was already cold.

"Damn it! How much is this! Call a doctor! Right now!"

La Enemy, who existed in the past, looked at Venetia's corpse, slowly turned her body, and left the room.
[Translated block]
Brooks shouted.

"Damn it! How much is this! Call a doctor! Right now!"
[Translated block]