


[612] The Hottest Place (1)

As soon as the submission of the participation form ended at noon, the association's guide went around the rooms where the students were waiting and announced the next schedule.

"We plan to have lunch and tour the association museum until 2 o'clock. The restaurant is set up in a separate building on the first floor, so all students please move quickly."

"So, do we have free time until 2 o'clock?"

"Yes. You can rest or look around the building. However, if you cause a disturbance, you may be punished according to the association's regulations, and going outside is prohibited."

The fact that they could roam freely was a somewhat radical treatment, but there was no one who would act rashly anyway.

"Let's eat first. I'm hungry."

As Iruki and Nade moved to the restaurant following the line, Shiro-ne said,

"You guys eat first. I have somewhere to go for a moment."

Since Shiro-ne had stayed at the association for more than two months, there must have been quite a few people to greet.

"Okay, then. See you later."

Shiro-ne, who went against the flow of students, headed for the desk in the center of the 3rd floor corridor.

"Shiro-ne, long time no see."

The association staff greeted him warmly.

"Hello. Have you been well?"

"Haha, the association's work is always the same. Be sure to pass this time."

The students heading to the restaurant glanced in surprise at the sight of him conversely talking with the staff.

Although it was because of the instructions of Gaold, who was the chairman of the association at the time, staying at the association for several months as an outsider was definitely a special experience.

"Where is Mr. Flu, the manager?"

"The manager? He's probably resting in the staff dormitory. He's been working hard for two days."

In fact, the people who suffered from this selection ceremony were the staff rather than the students.

"Go see. The manager also talked a lot about you."

"Yes. See you later."

Shiro-ne bowed and turned his steps to the staff dormitory.

'He must be there, no doubt.'

* * *

"Ah, I'm tired."

Flu, who entered the dormitory used when working overtime, took off her uniform with a relaxed expression.

She barely had time to sleep as she checked the security devices in all areas of the association in cooperation with other departments for a week.

'I need to get some sleep.'

She, who changed into comfortable clothes, took off her skirt as if taking off her skin and went to the closet.

"My pants are......"

She opened the closet, took out her pants, bent her waist and tried to put one leg in, but the door opened wide.

"Senior! I'm here!"

"Eh. Eh."

Surprised, Flu's center swayed, and she hopped on one leg and fell sideways.

"......"

While Shiro-ne clenched her fist and held back her laughter, Flu got up glaring.

"Hey! Do you want to die? You come in without knocking when I'm changing clothes?"

"Oh, I'll turn around."

"It's over. You've seen everything and you're pretending to be mannered."

"I'm sorry. I didn't think about it. I was so happy......"

She understood that feeling too.

"That's right, it's been a long time. Did you finish preparing for the exam properly?"

The first question was, of course, the graduation exam.

"Yes. I trained with Miro during the vacation. My condition is okay."

Flu, who returned from heaven, went straight to the association, but she heard a lot through her own channel.

"That's right. I heard you gave up on the evaluation. I think that's right."

The Heaven Project had an impact on the entire world, even if it didn't show on the surface.

"How about you, Flu senior? We said goodbye like that before...... I was really worried."

As a member of Gaold's personal guard, Rufist must have looked close to her.

"I'm fine. I had a conflict with the former chairman, but the current chairman is a person who spreads personnel with only skills. Thanks to that, Isabel was reinstated."

She knew what kind of sacrifice Isabel, the chief librarian, had made for Gaold.

"I'm really relieved."

"But the problem is you. Tell me honestly. Are you really confident about this graduation exam?"
[Translated block]
Shirone bowed his head.

"I'm not sure yet. I heard the strategy from Miro, but whether it can be realized..."

Considering the situation Shirone was in, there weren't many organizations that would embrace him just because he passed the graduation exam.

'At least it should be at the association level.'

Flu, who made a decision, said,

"It's lunchtime now, right? Follow me. Let's go to the 4th floor."

"The 4th floor? Why all of a sudden?"

"There's someone I want to introduce you to."

Following Flu to the 4th floor, Shirone entered an office with a sign saying 'Magician Personnel Management Department'.

As the graduation exam was imminent, the two passed through the employees who were sorting out the documents in a hurry and entered the conference room at the end of the office.

"Have you not eaten yet?"

Three people were sitting at the end of the rectangular table, reviewing the documents.

When Shirone glanced at it, it was the profile of Alpheus Magic School students and the application form he had written a while ago.

The man sitting at the top seat had black hair with a grumpy impression that revealed his worldly personality, and on the left was a calm woman with long eyelashes, and on the right was a freckled woman with brown hair tied in two braids.

"What's this? We're in a meeting now."

The man snapped at him, but Flu led Shirone without any roughness.

"I have a junior to introduce. Shirone, say hello. This is Baikal, the evaluator who will be scouting at the Alpheus Magic School graduation exam this time."

'Scout!'

Shirone's mind was alert.

"Hello. I'm Arian Shirone, a graduate of Alpheus Magic School."

Flu also introduced the women on both sides.

"This is analyst Elizabeth. And this is record keeper Lara."

Lara, with cute freckles, waved her hand with a smile in her eyes.

"Hello? It's our first meeting, but I've seen a lot on paper."

As soon as the graduation exam participant came in, Baikal showed an unpleasant color.

"What are you doing now? Bringing a graduation exam participant. It's not even lobbying."

"It's lobbying, right? Please give a generous evaluation score during the exam. I'll buy you a meal."

At the blatant request, Shirone's face turned red, but Flu didn't care and sat down on the chair he pulled out.

"Mr. Baikal is a public 4th grade magician. He has been scouting for the Royal Magic School for over 10 years, and I also entered the association by being selected by Mr. Baikal."

'Ah, that kind of relationship...'

Baikal leaned his upper body as if he was embarrassed.

"I just picked the most competent student. Anyway, he was the top of the royal class."

From the short conversation, it was felt that he was a person who did not accept lobbying itself.

"But the graduation ranking and scout evaluation are separate, right? Anyway, since you've decided to take care of Alpheus Magic School this time, it won't hurt to stamp your eyes on Shirone."

"Yes. I look forward to working with you."

When he honestly revealed his inner feelings, Baikal also loosened his stern expression.

"Okay. I'll watch you especially. Work hard."

Raising the expectations of the scout was definitely helpful for the evaluation, but it was a double-edged sword that the disappointment was also great when it was not reached.

"You've been in charge of the Royal Magic School for over 10 years, so why this time...?"

At Shirone's question, Elizabeth spoke.

"Because it's the hottest place in Thormia this year. The competition is unprecedentedly fierce, and I heard that the skills of all the students exceed the average of the graduating class. So the evaluator himself suggested to the association and changed it."

It was the glory of the entire graduating class of Alpheus Magic School, not Shirone individually.

"I decided only by looking at the documents. But the numbers on the documents do not accurately reflect reality. I hope you don't disappoint."

Elizabeth, who had the authority, pointed to the profile documents on the table as Shirone sat down.

"Is it a grade for a year?"

"No. It's all the records from admission to now. It's the future of the kingdom, so we can't judge it lightly. We're trying to see it as objectively as possible. Have you ever watched a graduation exam?"
[Translated block]


"Yes. It was last year."

"So you know what a scout does."

"Ah, that......"

At that time, I was immersed in the fierce battle of the graduation exam, and it was when I was shocked by Amy's early dropout.

"It's okay. Knowing how scouts evaluate will help. As soon as the graduation exam starts, analysts like me will see the detailed abilities of the participants."

Elizabeth's eyes shone blue, and a target-like mark appeared on her retina.

"......Is it a tattoo?"

"Yes. It's a magical tattoo. The most important thing for an analyst is to judge the student's abilities in detail. Whether the distance of the repeated compulsion of teleportation is 10 meters, 10 meters 1 centimeter, or 10 meters 1 centimeter 1 millimeter."

"......Ah, yes."

Shirone was dumbfounded at the words that she could confirm with her eyes.

"The numerous information analyzed in this way is immediately delivered to the evaluator here. Then the evaluator grades the students' abilities according to the situation and discretion. Judgment B grade, nerve conduction speed A grade, like this. Then Lara here will record the evaluations of all 30 people."

When Lara made a V, dozens of notebooks stacked next to her flew into the air and fluttered.

Then the same number of pens moved automatically and pretended to write something on the note.

A writer who can record on thirty notebooks at the same time.

When Shirone looked in admiration, Lara shrugged her shoulders with a pleasant expression.

"Just because you're excellent doesn't mean you get a good evaluation."

Baikal gave advice for the first time.

"The personnel required by the state are magicians who can perform the given mission 100%. Most students are obsessed with power, but from the kingdom's point of view, if one is short, send ten. It's a bit expensive, but it's a replaceable number. What we want is talent that cannot be converted into numbers."

Baikal pointed to Flu.

"Flu's final evaluation in the graduation exam was a comprehensive A. Of course, if you expand the range to other countries, there were A plus and S grades. But when confined to the kingdom, Flu was the best student in Thormia."

"Is that a compliment?"

Flu asked, but Baikal ignored it and continued.

"One of the reasons I rated Flu highly was because there was no waste. He moved his consciousness towards the most efficient in all aspects, such as time, mind, psychology, and behavior. This is much more important than casting a tremendous magic or overwhelmingly suppressing someone. Because it's not a factor that can be replaced with money or manpower."

"I see."

I had to admit that the part required by the individual's achievement and the kingdom was different.

'Because I'm just one of many magicians.'

Baikal finished speaking.

"If you want to get a good score in the evaluation, reduce waste. Even if you're smarter than a scout, a scout can evaluate you. Because it measures the results of judgment."

Shirone realized why Flu introduced Baikal.

"Thank you. It was really helpful."

Lara clapped her hands and said.

"Well, it's time to eat. After all, it's about eating, right?"

Elizabeth invited Shirone.

"You haven't had lunch yet, Shirone? Eat with us."

"No. I'll eat with my friends. It feels like a privilege to eat alone."

Lara made a dumbfounded expression and burst into laughter.

"Why, why are you doing that?"

When Shirone's face turned red, Elizabeth, who was covering her mouth and laughing, said.

"I can't reflect reality with numbers. It's so different from what I imagined in the document."

"Um...... what do you mean."

"It means you're pure. You'll know what real privilege is when you become a magician. Let's go."

Following the scout, Shirone, who left the conference room, had lunch in the employee-only cafeteria.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]