


```
[264] The Situation of the Ogent Family (3)

I thought I might buy him a meal since I came to school after a long time.

Lately, he was hanging out with Miss Tesra, and I liked that. I only met her once, but she was a nice girl who had a gentle personality and could handle Lian's stubbornness.

When I arrived at the training ground, I saw Lian training his swordsmanship.

Tesra brought him a lunch box, so he trained like this even during lunchtime.

He was hitting a dummy with a club, and I could feel his strong energy even from afar.

Tesra, who was sitting on the grass and drinking water, had her eyes fixed on Lian's club that swung explosively.

He increased the intensity of his training after returning from heaven, and now he spent more time running than resting.

Tesra picked up the Spirit magazine that Lian had thrown away.

It contained an article about Sirone, who defeated Dante, the kingdom's top star.

She had read it so many times that the paper was worn out and the letters were faint where Sirone appeared.

There was also an article about Sirone's parents on the next page, but she glanced at it and didn't look at it again.

'Lian... You must be suffering.'

Tesra knew what kind of feelings Lian had while training.

Lian was Sirone's sword, and his determination was so great that he could feel it when he came back from heaven.

For him, Sirone's success must have been an incomparable joy, but his disappointment in himself must have doubled.

He increased his training volume by 1.5 times the day after reading the article.

1.5 times would be a bit of a strain for a swordsman, but Lian was an exception.

He was already testing his limits every day, and a 1.5-fold increase was a murderous task for him.

But Lian did it.

It was a strange phenomenon that only Lian could explain with some talent.

Tesra looked at the trajectory of Lian's sword and stuck out her tongue.

It was as if he put his soul into every strike.

'He's really strong. Honestly, I don't know if I can handle it even with my schema.'

On the other hand, Lian thought differently.

'No. This is not enough. I can't knock him down with this.'

Lian wasn't looking at the dummy.

He was looking at the illusion of Imir that appeared behind the dummy.

He had a small body for a giant, but his strength was embedded deep in his bones.

"Uaaaaaa!"

Lian swung his club like crazy.

It was a specially made club that weighed the same as the greatsword he inherited from his grandfather. But it looked like he was swinging a twig.

'No! No! No!'

When he first trained hitting the dummy, it was so painful that he wanted to die every time he swung it.

But after going through that process, he now felt thirsty.

Why couldn't he move faster? How did he cut off Imir's arm?

At that moment, an illusion came over him that all his attacks were destroyed by Imir's blow.

A huge fist flew toward his face.

Imir shouted.

'That's not it!'

"Uaaaaaa!"

Lian slammed his club vertically down.

The dummy that was hit on the head collapsed from the pillar and exploded into pieces.

"Wow..."

Tesra widened her eyes in surprise.

It wasn't the first time he broke a dummy, but this strike was subtly different from other times.

Lian realized that too and stopped for a while in the posture of swinging his sword to recall the feeling before.

He had to absorb all his senses.

There might be some insights that talented swordsmen would know without trying, but the only way for him to go forward was to learn through his body.

"Lian! Your sister is here!"

Lian's face twisted at Reyna's voice.

He barely managed to break his senses and it was lucky that she didn't call him sooner or everything would have gone to waste.

"What? What are you doing at school all of a sudden?"

Before Reyna could answer, Tesra ran up to her quickly.

She wanted to score points with her future sister-in-law as soon as possible. It was written in the first page of the romance manual she had recently read.
```

How is my translation? Did you understand everything?
[Translated block]
How is my translation? Did I capture the meaning and tone of the original text well?
[Translated block]


```text
Lian had sworn an oath with Sirone, so it was only natural to tell him, but Clump wanted to stop him.

He was not a hot-blooded opponent. Raina, who was calmer than Lian, was more suitable for this matter.

Clump took Raina into the shade of a tree.

Lian made a dumbfounded expression when he was left out, but soon he didn't care.

He thought that his grandfather and sister must have something to do in Wangseong, since they were busy people.

Raina's eyes widened when she heard about Sirone's situation from Clump.

"What? He's the first prince of Kazra Kingdom?"

"It's not certain yet, but it seems likely. They seem to be almost sure over there. The circumstances and timing of Sirone's escape match perfectly. And the fact that Sirone was the only child abandoned near Yeomyeong Valley."

Raina was silent for a long time, trying to sort out her thoughts.

But it was not a matter of tracing the complex cause and effect. If it had already been decided, the future response was more important.

"So here's the thing... You have to go back to your family. Take Sirone with you to Kazra Kingdom. There's no one else but you."

Raina also thought that she was the best fit.

She was the only one in the Ogent family of swordsmen who had a wide range of social activities as an artist, and she had a solid network of contacts as a member of the elite 99 Artists Association.

But she was also worried about Lian. He would be greatly disappointed if he found out later that they had hidden the truth and proceeded with the matter.

"Don't we have to tell Lian?"

"No. You can guess, but the situation is not good. A small mistake could ruin everything. But as you know, that guy is a bit reckless."

"That's true."

It was a meeting with the king across the border, so reason was more important than emotion.

In that respect, Lian was the number one risk factor.

He wouldn't see anyone, even God, let alone the king, if it was related to Sirone.

"Okay. I'll keep it a secret from Lian and come back."

"The date and route of the meeting were delivered by intelligence. You must never reveal anything until you arrive in Creas. Sirone must not know either."

There is always intelligence exchange between countries. But only a few people had the authority to verify the reality of intelligence.

That's why conspiracy theories arise because of the secrecy of shadow diplomacy.

In some ways, it was like playing house, but it was a different story if that playhouse was on a national scale.

Even a trivial problem like choosing a lodging for an envoy could be a fuse that triggers a war, so confidentiality had to be maintained.

"The place is Alpheus Magic School. 50 armed soldiers will accompany him, and Ordos, the administrative officer of Kazra, will be the envoy and contact Sirone. We also sent a reply, but from now on it's a game of wits. They'll probably try to take Sirone away before we get there. We have to move as fast as we can. You'll be able to buy us some time."

Raina felt a heavy sense of mission and nodded her head.

"Yes, I understand. Then I'll get ready and leave right away."

Kazra Kingdom (1)

The three-day preparation period requested by Ordos was over.

Sirone took a test on court etiquette with Raina as they rode in a carriage to school.

"What is the first thing you do at Alhyeon time?"

"You kneel down and keep your eyes 45 degrees below and put your hand on your chest. You say your name and rank and wait for His Majesty's call."

"What is the official morning time designated by Wangseong?"

"30 minutes before lunchtime bell rings."

Raina nodded her head satisfactorily.

"Good, you did very well. Impressive, huh?"

"Hehe! It was easy because there are many similarities with Thorumia Kingdom."

Thorumia and Kazra Kingdom were brother countries that separated from Yakma Republic, regardless of the difference in era, so their culture and lifestyle were not very different.

Of course, it was true that there was a lot to memorize from Sirone's point of view, who was not a noble.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


But Reyna was not worried.

She believed that he would do well, since he had been a smart child since he was young, and he actually digested all the etiquette in his head in just three days.

But the person in question, Shirone, still seemed anxious.

"What if I make a mistake? I mean, 30 minutes before lunchtime is very vague."

Reyna stroked Shirone's head and said.

"Huhu, there's nothing to be nervous about. That's something that even the nobles often get wrong. Of course, it would be better to keep it as much as possible, but you won't go to jail or anything for misjudging the time."
[Translated block]