


Chapter 753: Holy War (4)

* * *

Shirone looked up at the sky.

'Law.'

The mechanism of <Law>, which inevitably leads to death, was similar to Minerva's fate, who had no choice but to become a witch.

'Can we escape?'

If you chose bread for lunch today, is it human will or the combination of infinite variables that humans cannot know?

'Even if I suddenly change the menu after thinking about eating bread...'

If that is also the operation of the law.

'It's probably correct to say that the curse of Uorin is too large to analyze.'

Until the end of Veron's experiment.

Shirone, who soothed his heavy heart with the sound of grasshopper music, read the end of the letter.

The time when <Law> was given to Minerva is estimated to be around twenty.

And that brutal weapon killed many people while traveling around the world.

It was a truly terrifying destructive power.

At some point, high-ranking officials from various countries continued to die, entangled in strange incidents.

Only then did the leaders try to figure out the truth, but it was already too late. The revenge was perfectly successful.

As many murderers came out as the number of dead people, but the real murderer was Minerva.

That's what revenge is, right?

Minerva, who could not be turned back, chose to become a true witch. She caused a great disaster recorded in history, the 'Walking Dead'.

An indescribable number of people died, and at that point, humanity was almost at the end.

Here, the Ivory Tower steps in.

Was this also the wheel of law?

The Ivory Tower, which stopped the Walking Dead, offered her two choices.

Being judged by humanity. The other is to become a resident of the Ivory Tower and work for humanity.

Minerva was one of the five saints of the Human Safety Enforcement Agency.

At first, Minerva chose the first.

I didn't want to fight for humans who hate terribly.

But there seems to have been some kind of deal. According to my guess...

It would have been an order from Taesung.

Perhaps he said that he would not ask for sins even for those who became murderers by the law of <Law>.

When Shirone read Uorin's letter, the first thing that came to mind was the interview with Taesung.

The five saints of the Ivory Tower can register one item in exchange for having a satellite.

The story she told at the time was not a simple example, but was accurately talking about Minerva's case.

Minerva did not destroy <Law>.

It would have been naturally suggested by the Ivory Tower, but it seems to have been thoroughly implemented until the end.

Because of this, there was a huge controversy worldwide.

It was the words of the person who lived at that time.

Minerva was sent to the Ivory Tower under the protection of the stars while trapped in a wooden prison.

It was a really huge crowd. It exceeded 20,000, and each of them threw stones while pouring out curses.

I could guess their sorrow.

The Minerva I saw just looked calm.

Even under the baptism of reporters' questions, he just looked straight ahead.

Then a reporter broke through the crowd and reached Minerva.

The left was quiet in an instant, and the question the reporter threw was...

The biggest issue.

Why didn't you destroy <Law>?

And Minerva is said to have turned to the reporter for the first and last time and said this.

-If there is someone who must be killed in truth, it is because he must die.

The wish that a ten-year-old girl, who had no power or background, would have engraved in her heart while being humiliated by many adults.

So <Law> is still roaming the world and taking away life.

Now you know what it means to fight evil with evil.

If you put desperate wishes into <Law>, the law will move to remove the evil.

Actually... I didn't mean to sympathize with Minerva by saying this. Of course, you would have already forgiven me.

What I want to say is, I think the core of <Law> is the person who must be killed in truth, that is, desperation.
[Translated block]


"If you're not desperate, the &lt;Law&gt; will not activate.

Now the category is narrowing down.

The powerful and wealthy only locate the position of the &lt;Law&gt;, they never try to get it.

If it came into their hands, they should suspect that someone activated it to kill them.

A weapon like a natural enemy of power.

Almost all cases of death by &lt;Law&gt; are when the weak killed the strong.

If you track the root of this case and figure out the route, you can confirm who has it where now.

The place I quickly tracked around the world and arrived at was here, the Republic of North Emond.

If there is extreme good in the real world, extreme evil will naturally be in the underworld. Probably Satan.

And he, like you, is out of the law. That's why even Anke couldn't do anything.

If Nane and Miro follow the law, Shiro and Satan achieve perfect balance by denying the law.

But according to the report of heaven, Satan also has to go through the body of a creature to materialize.

At that time, it was a man named Frank Wine.

It's a time fight.

Satan is probably looking for many candidates. There are too many to narrow down with history search ability.

That's why &lt;Law&gt; is needed.

Woorin was planning to eliminate all those marked by Satan using &lt;Law&gt;.

I know it's hard, but I hope you can help.

If you help me with this, I won't owe you anymore.

It was a bill like Woorin to do his best.

I miss you.

With the seal of Teraze, the letter ended, and Shiro threw the paper into the bonfire.

Shiro, looking at the paper spreading into ashes, had a firm determination in his eyes.

'I've been tracking the records of deaths so far. If my guess is correct…….’

It will be in the 48th military facility, 2 kilometers away from the capital of the Republic of North Emond.

'I can meet you tomorrow.’

Someone unfortunate who has &lt;Law&gt;.

*	*	*

The second morning of the Holy War dawned.

Yesterday's meeting ended with Gustav's rampage, and an additional meeting was held by majority vote.

Gustav was thinking of a world war, and the representatives of each country were in a state of not even sighing to prevent their monopoly.

"Well, it's unprecedented, but let's start the second meeting."

When Woorin declared, the representatives sat at the round table and the guards showed their spirits more than before and headed to the back.

"I'm sorry about yesterday. I guess my childhood heat came alive when I came to such a wonderful place."

Gustav 4th, the inner king Smodo, bowed his head towards the round table on his way to his seat.

It was an unexpected situation, but this was also a cunning scheme that came out of Smodo's head.

"We were both excited yesterday. Let's have a little more constructive conversation today."

"Her Majesty the Empress of the Empire is indeed merciful."

Smodo smiled servilely and went to his seat where the other 4th were already sitting.

Natasha, who was kneeling with her eyes wide open, and next to her was a middle-aged man who was twisting his waist and leaning his chin.

Now even Woorin openly explored them.

'Gustav 4th, God of War Balkan.'

The bearded bandit-like man boasted a muscular body even in his 50s.

But what was really scary was his brain.

'A genius military man of the continent who combines literary and military skills. It's not an exaggeration to say that Habitz is fighting because he is there.’

Balkan, who met Woorin's eyes, did not loosen his chin and grinned with his teeth exposed.

'He has no intention of giving up.’

Today's meeting will not be smooth either, and the remaining choices are for the countries that confront Gustav.

'We have to stop the world war as much as possible. But if they cross the line, there's no need to go too low.’
[Translated block]


"Already, Jincheon, as well as the chiefs of the Seven Kings, had guidelines through a secret channel.

"Then I'll announce the agenda first. Of course, we were discussing the Valkyrie budget yesterday, but there's a problem that needs to be dealt with more quickly."

Everyone silently approved, and Wuolin stared at Habitz and said,

"So... are you really going to fight?"

It was a preemptive attack to suppress the momentum, but Habitz was Habitz.

"I said I would. Didn't we talk overnight? Or what, did you ask for help?"

But Wuolin had also finished understanding by now.

"You must be expecting how many people will die. Gustav will not be safe either."

"It's okay. It's not me who's dying."

In front of Habitz's strong narcissism, Wuolin chose substance.

"Then, the forces of Gustav, who are currently affiliated with Valkyrie, will be absorbed by the remaining countries."

"Hmm."

King Smodo, the first to rub his chin, and Vulcan, the god of war, nodded with a meaningful smile.

It would be a choice that Habitz 17 would never make, but Habitz 16, the former emperor, had made a considerable investment in Valkyrie to prevent war with heaven.

'If you give up Valkyrie, the power of the empire weakens by 1/17. This is a world war. The tax increase rate where time, manpower, and materials are stably supplied is…….'

As Smodo's thoughts were frighteningly fast, Habitz grumbled.

"Then take it. You can do it without Valkyrie."

The holy war was shocked.

Even Blitz and Enoch, who were watching the human fight interestingly, turned their heads with a strange expression.

"Are you serious?"

When analyzed objectively, if pushed this far, Gustav would have no choice but to back down immediately.

The analysts of Kashan stayed up all night and analyzed that Gustav's winning rate was below 10%.

"If you gathered in the square……."

Habitz said irritably.

"Do you have to do something? If you just decide all day, the sun will set. I have to go home. I just want to do anything quickly. So don't waste time and let's go to war."

Without considering calculations, only the desire to play messily in his head.

Vulcan shrugged his shoulders.

"Kkkk, as expected, Your Majesty. Excellent judgment. After all, it's a matter of killing people, so you have to jump out even while eating."

Wuolin's eyes calmed down.

'Is it a square?'

Wuolin was also one of the people who had stayed in this huge square for the longest time.

'A person waiting for a promise, a person reading a book, a person watching people in the square.'

But sometimes there are people of this kind.

'A person who makes a mess for his own pleasure, without caring about others' thoughts.'

Habitz said like a child.

"I want to play excitingly."

"……."

As the representatives of each country got tired, he stood up from his seat and grabbed the round table.

"Still can't decide? Then I'll clean it up. From now on, the Gustav Empire is……. Heup!"

Habitz gave all his strength, but the heavy round table didn't budge.

"Hehehe! It's disappointing, Your Majesty. You should do this fun thing with me."

Vulcan approached Habitz and grabbed the round table.

"From now on!"

The two people who exchanged glances and nodded their heads at the same time raised both arms wide.

"It's war!"

At Vulcan's strength, the round table rotated at a height of 10 meters, and Natasha raised her head and laughed.

The distorted faces of the representatives of each country were seen over the falling round table.

"Let's kill it hot!"

The moment the round table of the holy war was shattered, Wuolin's eyes were filled with life for the first time.

'It's evil.'"
[Translated block]