


[323] Second outing (1)

Shirone, who arrived at the Carmis family, looked at his clothes and walked to the arch of the main gate.

The Carmis' unique free-spirited garden stretched out between the white iron bars.

The guards who were wary of their surroundings with fierce eyes were still there.

As expected, when Shirone approached, he moved to the handle of the scabbard on his right waist without fail.

"Stop. What are you here for?"

The only difference from half a year ago was that they used honorifics.

The guards at the noble mansion basically changed every four hours and changed their location every month, so there was no way that the guards at that time were here.

Nevertheless, the reason they couldn't treat Shirone lightly was because they felt an extraordinary spirit that was different from the culprit.

Shirone's appearance also shed some of the rural valley boy's tinge while attending magic school for a year.

In particular, the high level of mental power that was enhanced through experience gained in actual combat and training emitted an aura that even the guards who were ignorant of magic could feel.

"I'm Amy's friend. Is Amy inside?"

The guards looked puzzled and looked at each other and signaled with their eyes.

Shirone had been in Amy's room, which was Jinam's territory, half a year ago.

But since then, there has been no case where he was allowed to enter as Amy's boyfriend, so it was natural that the guards who didn't know about the incident at that time couldn't believe it.

"There are no guests reserved for today. If you have any business, please follow the procedure separately and proceed."

It was an expected answer.

Shirone turned his body with a bad taste in his mouth.

He came hoping that he could get in right away if he was lucky, but if things got twisted, he had no choice but to write a letter and send it to the mansion.

"It's okay. Let him in."

Then a pleasant voice came from inside the main gate.

When Shirone turned around again, Adel, the butler of the Carmis family, was standing with a smile on his face.

The guards' waists stood upright.

To them, who lived together in the mansion, Adel's kind face seemed like a lion from hell.

Adel, who crossed over the main gate while leaning on his cane, stopped in front of Shirone and looked up slightly.

Shirone was stunned as he remembered half a year ago.

The eye technique pressing that I experienced for the first time.

If he was the butler of the Carmis family, he wouldn't have done his best either, so he had to keep his mind sharp.

But Adel didn't cast any skills. He just bowed politely with his waist at a right angle.

"Welcome, Shirone Doren-nim."

Shirone came to his senses in a hurry and bowed his head back.

"Yes, how have you been?"

"Hehe, there is nothing different about an old man's daily life. You seem to have come to see Amy Miss."

"Yes, I'm sorry for coming without notice. Is she home?"

Adel scratched his eyebrows as if embarrassed.

"You must know the situation. In fact, that's why Amy Miss has been feeling a little unwell lately. The day before yesterday, Seriel Miss came and left as it was."

"Oh, I see."

Seriel was Amy's best friend. If she sent her back like that, it meant that Amy was sincere.

But Shirone didn't give up.

"Please tell her I came. Even if she says she doesn't like it, I'll just go back."

Adel hesitated for a moment and nodded his head.

In fact, after Amy failed the graduation exam, the atmosphere in the mansion was not good. But she wasn't the type to show her anger on her face either, so she just watched and couldn't comfort her.

But maybe something will change with Shirone.

Anyway, this boy is the only friend who can enter Amy's house as a man.

"Okay. Please wait a moment."

Adel gave instructions to politely serve Shirone to the guard and got on the carriage waiting in the garden.
[Translated block]


'About half a year. What on earth did you go through?'

As the carriage started, Adel's expression finally became serious.

It was a small pleasure and a small pleasure for the butler to put pressure on the men who approached Amy.

But this time, he didn't even dare to try pressing.

It was because Sirone's mind was much sharper than before.

No, the expression sharp was not enough.

'Creepy.'

The moment he made eye contact trying to press, he felt his whole body hair stand on end.

The overall temperament did not seem to change much.

He was smart, bright, and kind, just like Sirone's appearance he had seen six months ago.

It's just that the energy felt in his eyes was subtly sharp.

'Something else is alive. And a very terrifying monster...'

It was a fact that only the butler of the best family, the Carmis family, could feel.

He couldn't guess what it was, but once he harmed it, it would definitely pop out and chew him up.

In an instant when their eyes met, Adel realized that this situation should never happen.

He was such a violent and extreme monster.

'Can I let him in? Of course, he wouldn't have come looking for a friend with an uncontrollable heart...'

Adel reserved judgment on this.

Because there was no way that Shakora, the owner of the house, would not know what he knew. Of course, there was nothing to say for the person concerned.

As his thoughts reached that point, a bitter smile formed.

'...really absurd boy.'

How long ago was it that he felt a feeling that made his stomach ache for a short time?

Sirone sealed such a monster deep inside him.

'He got stronger in half a year. It's really amazing talent.'

The Carmis family is known as the bloodline of genius. Especially Amy's talent was unrivaled among her family members.

But Sirone's growth rate surpassed imagination.

If Amy was the fastest sprinter among humans, Sirone was a giant with a different dimension of stride.

'What moves him?'

Adel's thoughts stopped as the carriage stopped.

With an unanswered question in his mind, he opened the door of the mansion.

Quite some time had passed since the graduation exam ended, but there was still a very devout atmosphere around.

It was a difficult problem to adapt to Adel, who had lived loving the colorful atmosphere of the Carmis family all his life.

"Master."

Shakora turned his gaze from reading the newspaper.

"Sirone came to see Amy. But since she told the butler's office that she wouldn't meet anyone...”

"Hmm, Sirone?"

Shakora understood Amy's heart.

How embarrassed would her proud daughter be after taking the graduation exam in a mess?

But there was room to consider Sirone's intentions.

Although Seriel was rejected, the feelings between men and women are different by law anyway.

Isis, who had been listening in the kitchen, came out and said.

"I'll ask Amy first."

Isis went up the stairs and entered Amy's room on the second floor.

After a while, I heard them chatting and came out of the room and approached the railing.

He nodded at Adel who had received Amy's will.

"Then I'll send Sirone back."

"No, let him in."

Isis looked worried at Shakora's words.

"But honey, Amy is..."

"It's okay. Didn't you tell him to come when you saw Sirone at school? It's not polite to send him back like this. I want to see him. Let him in."

"Okay."

Thinking that he could at least not disappoint Sirone, Adel left the mansion with a bright face.

Ten minutes later Sirone arrived at the mansion.

Shakora was sitting on the sofa waiting, and Isis brought out tropical fruits on a tray in time.
[Translated block]


Shirone bowed his head as he walked up to Shakora.

"Hello, father."

"Good, you came well. Sit down here."

Shirone sat on the sofa and waited for the conversation to start.

He had heard that the atmosphere in the house was not good, so he did not bring up Amy first.

Like Adel, Shakora also noticed Shirone's subtly sharpened temperament at a glance.

He had no time to look closely at his daughter when she took the graduation exam, because he was worried about her. But as soon as she failed, he became interested in Shirone's achievements as a parent.

'The most promising in the kingdom...'

Of course, this was an evaluation excluding the graduating class.

But even if he included the graduating class, he did not think that Shirone's evaluation would drop significantly.

He did not tell Amy, but he was an enthusiastic father who scraped articles from the magic society since she entered. The student he had heard so much about was Dante.

He was shocked when Shirone beat Dante, the number one in the kingdom.

But now that he checked, it was not luck or fortune.

In the eyes of a monk who had achieved mental harmony, there was a desire that transcended the world.

Adel called him a monster, but Shakora thought differently.

That was also Shirone.

'It's not something you can get anywhere. Was it a latent tendency that manifested itself later? But how?'

He had already received the story of what happened in Kazra Kingdom. Even so, it was too transcendent for an eighteen-year-old boy to embrace.

Shakora realized that there had been no conversation for a long time and returned to his father with a bitter smile.

"Actually, I'm not very hurt."

"Yes, I know."

He probably thought so.

But he did not think it was a lie because it might be more serious than physical pain.

Shakora scratched his head as if it was difficult.

"To be honest, I don't know. She doesn't seem to be struggling too much, but she looks a bit empty. You understand, right?"

"Yes. I would have been like that too."

Rather, it was bearable at first.

Since it happened like this, he could decide to start over.

But when he thought that he had to repeat the bloody training for a whole year, the failure of the graduation exam hit his bones.

As the days passed, regret became heavier and self-loathing endlessly crushed his heart.

"Amy is strong. She really did her best from the age of twelve to get here. Maybe that's why her wound is deeper."

"Yes, I guess it's better to leave her alone for now. Anyway, Amy is in that state right now."

Shakora declared surrender by shrugging his shoulders. It meant that he could not help her because his daughter felt that way.

Shirone turned his gaze to the second floor and confirmed that Amy's room was tightly closed.

On the day of the graduation exam, he seemed to hear the sad cry he heard outside the dormitory door.

"Can I go up and see?"

Isis asked with an awkward expression.

"I asked her, but she said she was sick and told me to send her back. If you push her with her personality..."

"Haha! Then I'll get hit once, right?"

Shirone retorted playfully. But on the other hand, it was a statement of his intention not to give up.

Shakora sighed and thought for a long time.

Only Shirone could understand Amy's heart 100 percent.

Also, it meant that Amy's condition was much more serious than expected because the considerate child insisted.

If there was no breakthrough, shock therapy would be a good way.

"Go to Amy's room. I'll allow it."

"Thank you."

Shirone got off the sofa and went up the stairs to the second floor.

Isis watched him and asked Shakora with an anxious expression.

"Honey, what are you doing? With Amy's personality..."
[Translated block]


```
"It's okay. You probably understand Amy's current psychological state better than anyone else. In fact, Shirone can go back if he wants. But saying that he wants to meet until the end means that it can't go on like this."

"What if the situation gets worse?"

"It's okay. You're a friend that Amy trusts more than anything."

Isis pouted her lips as she glanced at Shakora.

'What's with the praise for the guy? She's such a daddy's girl ......'
```
[Translated block]