


[703] God of the Desert (2)

"Yacha... did you say?"

Maga's band of thieves were people who only gathered S-class criminals from the empire, and they had no reason not to know about Yacha.

'Anyway, he won't be able to reach the leader's feet.'

Hwasin was a criterion of realm, not power, and even among Yachas, the levels were different.

When the lady untied her faded five-colored turban, her black hair flowed down like a horse's mane.

She wiped the sweat buried in her chest with a turban and looked closely at the corpses of King Scorpions.

In some areas, where meteors had fallen, there were scorpion corpses torn to pieces.

In some areas, they were neatly cut in half, and in some areas, they were chopped into small pieces as if they had been shredded.

"One Banya. Two Yachas."

When viewed in combination, it was clear that she was looking for a party.

"Where did they go?"

The leader, who was talkative today, wondered while the deputy leader told him what he knew.

"They seem to have gone south."

"What's in the south?"

"It's called Vanguard... It's the largest oasis in the region. It's a place where merchants use as a midpoint before crossing over to the Parus Kingdom. The security is strict."

The lady handed the turban to the deputy leader and got on Omek.

"Ah..."

He desperately suppressed his desire to bury his face in the turban with a smell that made his mind faint.

'Get a grip. She's not a woman. She's just a beast.'

She didn't wash her body until it rained, and of course she never wore underwear.

She only had one set of underwear that was no different from a rag, and she couldn't help but feel disgusted when she peed while walking.

He never felt she was beautiful.

But why does his chest burn like fire when he is near her?

The lady gave an order.

"Vanguard. We're going south."

The eyes of the members widened.

"Do you mean you're going to chase them? The God of the Desert is coming."

The lady, who was the king of beasts, felt best that the nature of the wind was different.

"They left a few hours ago. We're already late. You won't make it in time."

"Just run fast."

That's impossible because that's why they're struggling like this?

"Going is not a problem."

The deputy leader wanted to fulfill what she wanted.

"But what about what you're doing now? The business of offering sacrifices."

"Just do it later."

It was a solution that only she could offer.

"......Okay."

The deputy leader, who boarded Omek, shouted to the members.

"From now on, run at full speed! The destination is Vanguard!"

'You're crazy. You're going to kill us all.'

The lady and 40 bandits headed south.

* * *

As night fell and the temperature dropped rapidly, it was so cold that just flying in the sky would freeze his flesh.

"Uh-uh, it's cold. There's this problem."

He finally understood Uorin's words that he had to arrive at Vanguard before sunset.

"Hang in there for a bit. I can see the oasis."

A huge oasis reflecting the moon floating in the sky like a lake, and next to it was a complex of shopping malls.

'That's Vanguard.'

Apartments consisting of three easts formed their own walls, and there were countless stalls in the vacant lot inside.

Lian said.

"That's a fortress. The building is steel-framed and the windows are double-glazed. Why do you need to build it like that?"

"It's definitely weird. And do you know that? People have been showing up frequently since the sun went down."

Numerous merchants who didn't know where they were hiding were gathering at Vanguard at a fast pace.

"That's right. Like people who are being chased."

Kido laughed.

"Hehe! What are you worried about? Uorin told us to go. That woman, she's crazy, but she knows how to distinguish right from wrong."
[Translated block]
It was a contradictory statement, but strangely convincing.

"Let's rest well when we rest, since we fought like crazy during the day. We also got paid a lot of money."

As Kaidra approached, the merchants who had gathered at the vanguard looked up at the sky and shouted.

"Hey! Look over there!"

Baltan was terrified by the appearance of the fearsome monster, and a siren sounded from the vanguard's watchtower.

"Monster! A monster has appeared!"

Then someone pointed at Shirone.

"Wait! There's a person there!"

Kaidra, who had Uorin as her master, landed in the closest place as if she was used to this situation.

"What are you going to do with Latuza? It would be a meal for everyone if you take it to a stable or something."

"Uorin said there's no need to take special care of it. Just let it go and it will find its own food."

Shirone, who jumped off Kaidra, stopped walking and looked ahead with a stiff expression.

Numerous merchants were looking at Shirone's party.

"Uh... hello?"

She greeted them in the continental common language, but the merchants who had enough of Kashan's language for their whole lives did not understand.

"That's not a Middle Easterner, is it? What's that disgusting green face?"

"It looks like it's poisoned by the desert venom. Tsk tsk, poor thing. It's hopeless for getting married like that."

Kido had never eaten a Middle Easterner, but he understood from their gazes and tongue-clicking sounds.

"These are real! I'm a goblin! I have the most handsome face among goblins!"

The tongue-clicking sound got louder.

"Where are you from?"

Shirone answered the question of an old merchant.

"Lian, tell them what I said. We're not merchants, and that monster is my summon. I'm a mage."

This should have been enough to persuade them.

Lian roughly conveyed what he remembered, and there was a stir among the merchants.

"A mage? A mage who can control such a monster?"

"Then......"

Everyone's eyes changed.

'Mages are rich.'

As soon as they thought that, the merchants all rushed to Shirone.

"What! Why are they doing this!"

If there was a fight between merchants, they would have to close their business for the day, so soliciting customers was absolutely forbidden inside the vanguard.

But outside the vanguard, whoever catches the sucker is the owner.

Especially if it was a mage who could summon a monster, buying all their goods was nothing.

"Here! Buy my stuff! It's a special product! I guarantee the quality!"

"You have to tell me what it is!"

Shirone heard countless words through the Ultima System.

"Buy mine! Buy it quickly! Before I kill you!"

'If you're going to kill me, why are you selling me stuff?'

A skinny man with a skeleton-like face pushed something that looked like a black lump of dirt in front of him, and a foul smell filled the air.

"You were looking for this, right? It's a medicine that makes you immortal."

"Immortal?"

"If you dissolve one spoonful in water and drink it, you won't die until the next morning. You can have an amazing night."

"I'm not buying it! I'm not buying anything!"

"You're enough by yourself! Don't you know what they say, your right hand doesn't know what your left hand is doing?"

Shirone screamed.

"Lian! I can't understand anything they're saying!"

At the same time, Lian grabbed Shirone and jumped over the people.

Kido, whose glasses were crooked, was waiting with a blank expression on his face, and when Shirone arrived, he twisted his body at the same time.

"Run! Let's go inside!"

As they passed through the vanguard's main gate, they heard Kaidra's monstrous roar faintly from the sky.

"Wow! That's amazing! It's totally hard sell."

Shirone leaned on her knees and caught her breath when she heard a woman's giggling laughter.

"Hohoho! Of course. This is the desert where nothingness rules. You can't survive with a sound mind."

It was a middle-aged woman in her 40s with plump flesh, and two subordinates armed with swords were guarding her on both sides.

Her skin was so pale that it made her dark complexion look white, and her lips were blood-red.
[Translated block]


He had a debt in the Middle East, and his corset was tightly wrapped inside a see-through dress.

"Who are you...?"

The woman greeted him as she flipped her fan behind her.

"I'm Momodora, the 32nd manager of Vanguard. I heard you're a magician, is that true?"

"Yes."

Lian didn't even need to interpret.

"Forget about the noise outside, and please spend money at Vanguard. Tonight will be quite long, you know."

"What do you mean by that?"

This time Lian interpreted.

"Because the god of the desert will soon cover this place."

"God of the desert?"

It was a word he had seen in the diary of a dead man.

"The god of the desert is a trade wind created by the special environment of the Norscarta, Akad desert. It's a huge sandstorm that sweeps away everything."

"How can this place be safe until now if it's such a great sandstorm?"

Momodora pointed to a huge mechanical device installed between the D-shaped apartments.

"It's a diffuser device. It blows away the sandstorm as soon as it blows. The never-drying oasis Luna, and this diffuser device are the pride of Vanguard."

It was the only resting place in the central desert.

'Hmm, then King Scorpion's migration too....'

How great was the sandstorm that monsters over 2 meters long ran away in groups?

"Vanguard is safe. So spend money! Enjoy! The god of the desert won't be able to stop your luxury."

As Momodora flew away with Vanguard's promotional slogan, Shiroe's party looked around the market decorated with colorful lights.

"Let's stay comfortable since he's so confident. At least we won't be buried in the desert, right?"

If a sandstorm came, they would have to be tied up for a while.

"Shall we? Let's fill our stomachs first. We didn't eat anything because we fought with King Scorpion."

Shiroe's party's choice was food that skewered and roasted dorongnyong.

It looked disgusting, but Kido's theory was that if you came to a new place, you had to taste the specialty of the new region.

He bought some meaningless souvenirs and also took care of a special cream that prevents skin damage from sunlight.

"It's fun, traveling. Where should we go now?"

"How about there?"

Shiroe pointed to a place where tents of various colors were lined up along the road.

"It's an astrology shop. I heard that the tribes of Akad desert are good at astrology."

"Aha, predicting the future?"

Kido blinked his eyes and snorted.

"I don't believe in that stuff. Think about it simply statistically, it's huge, right? Did all the prophets in the world gather here?"

"Haha! That's true."

Shiroe thought so too, but as Banya who realized the law, he was also interested.

"There are very few astrologers who have realized the real law in the world. But let's go for fun. This is also a memory."

People were forming long lines at each tent.

'Well, this is a desert.'

It was natural that people who survived in a land dominated by death would have a lot of anxiety about the future.

"It's popular. It looks like we'll have to wait a long time?"

"That tent has no line."

It was a tent with a crystal ball flag fluttering, and surprisingly, there was not a single person waiting.

Kido said with a suspicious look.

"Usually those places are really bad."

"So what? We don't believe it anyway. It's fun to hear what we'll be like later from someone else's mouth."

He wanted to try this and that since he decided to rest.

"Hehe! I'll be the ruler of the world."

That's how Shiroe found an astrology shop and entered inside by shaking the tent left and right.

"Excuse me. Huh?"

A girl of similar age had her face covered on the table and was sleeping with her head tilted back.

He looked at her sleeping without any intention of waking up while drooling, and Kido followed him in and said.
[Translated block]


"There is a reason for failing."
[Translated block]