


```text
[445] Full Moon Day (9)

Avant-garde.

From a human perspective, the design of the diamond armor was bold and beautiful enough to be close to innovation.

The organic armor that clung to the body's curves was crossed by a metallic band asymmetrically, and a fiery red cloak flowed from head to toe.

The bone-made gauntlet was connected like an insect's joint and wrapped around the fingertips, and the nails were sharp like awls.

The eyes that were clearly Akamai's outside of the artificial brain stared at Garas.

'I did it! I can catch this with this!'

Arman's additional functions were immediately installed in Shirone's head through the Ultima system.

He had already raised the limit of mental transcendence while competing with Satan, but this time there were various options that could not be compared with it.

"Keeeee!"

Unable to escape from Antithesis, Garas secreted a violent pheromone.

As soon as the sour smell spread, Garas, who had been waiting around, rushed to Shirone at the king's command.

"Dangerous!"

Plu created a flame barrier with Fire Mist, a natural enemy of living things, but Garas' obedience was as blind as inanimate objects.

They only aimed at Shirone, and poured out coordinated attacks from all sides without caring about their flesh melting.

Rage!

When Shirone cast a spell by lowering his fist down, a curtain of light exploded and cut out space.

The power of rage, which became stronger with the law enhancement of S-class creature Jinmaishikjong Galtomic, was comparable to the durability of iron plate.

Garas, who were hit by 40 hits per second, crumbled even their bones, and broke into pieces like being smashed.

Plu, who confirmed that far, stopped fighting and left the front line and stayed behind Shirone.

Garas must have subjugated all living creatures in the underground command center.

It was obvious that they would keep pouring in endlessly as they tried to kill the enemies in the laboratory with their characteristic of increasing their breeding power exponentially.

'I can't stand it with Phoenix. This is not a problem that can be solved on my line.'

Her position in the project was only a supporter.

He assisted his teammates with versatile mission performance skills, but it was not enough to deal with countless Garas.

Of course, Shirone also participated in the project as a terminator who destroys core factors and facilities, but he was far beyond that level now.

Literally a biological weapon where all kinds of traits are gathered.

He had evolved into a powerful form that could not find a natural enemy among Garas, which had branched into thousands of species.

"Kuaaaaaaaa!"

A giant lizard spit fire and melted Arman's armor, but it was soon restored by the regeneration ability of Infinite Cell Growth Body Cancer.

Garas' group realized that they were helpless and this time monsters of cat-like species attacked with sharp teeth and nails.

Then, the strongest durability metal mineral species Ringer's metal quality was created, making Shirone an impregnable fortress.

Kang! Kang! Kang!

A hardness that is unparalleled by others.

Garas' attack weapons all broke down, and painful screams echoed throughout the laboratory.

The silver metal body regained its vitality as an organic matter, and the end of the cloak twisted thinly and turned into red tentacles.

At the end of the tentacles that hit back at the enemies, there were teeth of Subsikgwi Kuzen that consumed organic matter and generated volatile energy.

As soon as the teeth that fit perfectly like an ankle trap bit Garas hard, explosive power poured into Shirone's body.

Shirone kicked the ground and dug into Garas' group and poured out attacks by connecting sandstorm movements.

As lightning passed by, Garas' flesh burst just by brushing it off.

"Kiaaaaaa!"

The king of Garas, who was looking for an opportunity in the death of his subordinates, jumped out and cast a spell.

The air compressed and a wind sharper than a blade swept over.

Titing!

Along with where the wind scratched and passed by, dozens of silver lines were drawn on Shirone's armor.
```
[Translated block]


It was a metal quality of Ringer that did not break even in Ethela's yin and yang wave, so the wind did not even bite.

"Swallow it whole!"

Garas pressed down on Shirone's shoulder and opened his jaw joint to the limit.

As he tried to tear off Shirone's face with his sharp teeth, the artificial brain outside activated Antitheze.

"Kraaaak!"

When Garas couldn't move with his tongue sticking out, Shirone gathered his mind and prepared for a counterattack.

Galto Mic's ability amplified the law, and a large photon cannon with a diameter of 1 meter was compressed with a bang.

"Geu...!"

The energy of the flash created by mass and speed burned Garas's body until it became ash.

"Kieek! Kieek!"

When the king of their race died, Garas's flock became confused.

Garas were creatures that would ignore death in front of their breeding desire, but what they faced now was a predator beyond life.

There were few who wanted to fight Shirone to the end, and most of them chose to turn their bodies and escape outside the door.

"This is bad! They can't get out!"

If Garas escaped from the underground laboratory, the nearby ecosystem would collapse completely.

No, if there were no alien species that could block their influence around them, the damage scale would exceed imagination.

'I have no choice but to try.'

Shirone activated Arman's last option.

A light wheel made of black and white colors rotated above his head and began to calculate Shirone's desire.

Valhalla Action.

The time it took for the desire to reach the result was conveyed as a vague feeling.

When the approval was granted, Shirone deployed the magic circle without delay.

Ataraxia was born in front of him, skipping the process of accumulation, and automatically created a photon cannon that shot forward.

Kwaaaaaaa!

Without time to prepare for the event that happened, Flu closed his eyes tightly and turned his head.

A bright flash that paralyzed his eye muscles exploded with a loud noise and ran forward.

The duration of the flash was 3 seconds.

It took a long time to count with his mouth, during which an extreme mass wave swept away everything in its way and went on.

Flu, who couldn't move for a long time with his ears plugged, slowly opened his eyes and turned his head.

A magnificent sight was unfolding.

As if he had cut a lump of clay with a knife, the laboratory that was tightly closed was pierced in the shape of a flash.

It was too natural a scale to be seen as made by humans, so he involuntarily opened his mouth wide.

Light leaked in from the torn ceiling, and there was no sign of Garas's corpse anywhere.

"Keeuuu!"

Shirone glared at the front with a twisted expression on his nose bridge.

The time it took for Shirone to fall into action paralysis to fill in the cause for the result was about 23 seconds.

It was a figure he could get thanks to raising the limit of mental transcendence by forming a one-body sympathy group with Arman.

Flu muttered as if he couldn't believe it.

"He even absorbed the angel's ability."

Even if it was an equivalent exchange of cause and effect, reversing causality was an amazing event for beings who could not go against the flow of time.

Especially if he could immediately deploy the superpower amplification array, which was the ability of an archangel, then falling into action paralysis would not be a disadvantage.

Once he passed the photon cannon through Ataraxia, there would be almost no living creatures that could survive in front of its power.

Shirone waited for 23 seconds in a comfortable state and exhaled deeply as soon as he was released from restraint.

Arman, who had deactivated his diamond armor and returned to his sword form, was emitting a strange light.

Shirone looked closely at the sword floating in front of him using nominal control.

It was a color that looked like blood flowing on metal, so it was a bit eerie but hard to take your eyes off because it was so addictive.

&lt;Magic Sword Arman&gt; Ultima Version (Function Equipped: 6)

1. Icarus's Valhalla Action: Equivalent exchange of cause and effect. Automatic calculation of exchange possibility.

2. Ringer's Skin: Creation of super-strong metal material. Automatic response.

3. Galto Mic's Magic Amplification: Explosive enhancement of law.
[Translated block]


4. Kuzen's metabolic eating: Generates volatile energy by ingesting organic matter.

5. Kensel's absolute recovery: Maximizes cell regeneration speed.

6. Akamai's anti-thesis: Reverses the law and suppresses the target's behavior.

Shirone, who organized Arman's abilities in his head, suddenly realized a fact he had overlooked.

A total of eight creatures were combined, but there were only six additional options.

Excluding the main type Arman, he traced back the missing traits and it was Laysis'.

'What happened? The liquor of Ilhwa was perfect. Is it because the trait was not absorbed by the 4-angle Marai?'

Plu tapped Shirone's shoulder, who was lost in thought.

"Are you okay? You're not feeling anything after fighting like this?"

Her voice, who had witnessed Shirone's amazing dance up close, trembled with excitement.

Shirone's combat power with Arman's ability added was powerful enough to work even in a battle with heaven.

The most encouraging fact was that he was a terminator who had to deal a blow to heaven that had never been seen before.

The most feared thing is that Shirone is killed by someone before he casts God's punishment.

But if he had the power to protect himself, the success rate of the mission would also increase significantly.

"I'm fine. My lungs have recovered too. But... Garaus must have been annihilated, right?"

Plu looked at the place where the flash had passed.

"Since we were the only ones who could breed in the lab, they must have all been running here."

"But there are exceptions."

"No, maybe not. Can a person who has starved for 10 days not run after smelling meat? Garaus' desire would be much greater than that."

Some people's faces appeared between the cracked ceilings.

They were survivors buried in rubble.

Shirone sighed with relief.

If there was someone who could prove Laysis' evil deeds, today's incident could be a starting point for rebel integration.

"Are you safe? What happened to the commander?"

"They're dead, all of them."

The soldiers who heard the translation through the drone raised by Shirone nodded their heads with a bitter expression.

It was fortunate that the mad commander who used even his subordinates as experimental subjects died, but the damage to the command was irrecoverable.

When Shirone came up to the ground, the survivors of Molgol gathered around him in a circle.

The commander is dead and even the officers are wiped out.

Now they had only one person to rely on, Shirone, the light of Area 73.

"O Nephilim, what should we do now?"

"Please be our commander. It is something only you can do."

It was honest that I didn't want to.

It was ironic that they, who denied Anke Ra and gathered in hell, tried to deify someone again.

'It might be easier. But...'

It's also dangerous.

When you leave judgment to others, humans tend to do more cruel things than humans.

"I understand. I will execute the rebel integration operation, so go back and get treatment first."

It wasn't his favorite way, but he thought it was done when he saw life in the eyes of the miserable soldiers.

The most important thing was Gaold's project, and sticking to his own thoughts would also be a dangerous idealism.

'It's over.'

That's how it ended at the second command post.

They were two people who successfully completed their assigned tasks, but silence flowed between them.

There were still heavy things left in their hearts.

Life, creature, human.

In this hell where humans are nothing more than one species, what meaning do we exist for?

'Laysis...'

How can I explain that she, who preached the meaninglessness of flesh, was actually obsessed with it?

Is reason a product of evolution that transcends animal nature, or is it just another desire created to hide desire?

He sighed and looked up at the sky, tired of endless questions.
[Translated block]
A single fly that had escaped from underground was flying up.

(The end of volume 18)
[Translated block]