


[784] Alpha PC (Alpha fish)(2)

The place where Amy arrived was a training field with a view of the accommodation where the female applicants stayed.

Male applicants were bustling behind the bars, but the distance was too far to get a good look.

'Do they receive separate training? If so, I was a little disappointed in Valkyrie.

"The commander is entering!"

A giant man with dozens of scars engraved on his face like medals came walking with the instructor.

"Salute to the commander!"

Amidst the salute slogans of each country, some applicants did not move.

Either way is right.

Nevertheless, Gomez, the commander of the Valkyrie recruit entrance team, growled like a tiger.

"Complete ragtag! Huh? It's a ragtag!"

Among the nearly 100 women standing in a row, no one showed discomfort.

"From now on, you will experience terrible sexism! Because I am a terribly serious sexist! The only reason is because I am a man!"

Gomez leaned into the first applicant's face.

"Do you feel bad? Huh? Answer me!"

"No!"

A ringing voice echoed.

"Confirmed to be eliminated! What, no pride! What kind of war are you going to fight with something like you crawling in here?"

Before the first applicant could refute, Gomez moved his position and asked the next person again.

"How about you? Do you feel bad?"

"Yes! I feel bad!"

"Shut up! What are you going to do if you feel bad? I'm the boss, and you're just a soldier! If you don't like it, you can be the commander! So you can discriminate against men to your heart's content! Got it?"

"I understand!"

Gomez turned to the instructor.

"Everyone knows, but this place is hell! And it will be especially hell for women! I am a nasty male supremacist with severe anger control disorder!"

He opened a box containing a recommendation letter and shook a bunch of documents at the applicants.

"Do you know what this is? It's a recommendation letter with the king's seal. Of course, I didn't even bother to read it! Is this kindergarten? What do you want me to do with this one piece of paper?"

The recommendation letter was torn apart above Gomez's head.

"I don't need scraps of paper! Do you know what a demon is? It's just like me! Just looking at soft kids like you makes me want to torment you! So either tear the demon apart...!"

Gomez, who had been ranting for a while, stopped talking with a ridiculous expression as he looked at someone.

"Hey, you."

At first, no one responded.

"You! Redhead!"

Amy, who turned her gaze, confirmed that she was pointing at herself and took a step forward.

"Enlisted soldier Carmis Amy!"

Gomez, who had been silent for a while, asked.

"......Why are you wearing makeup?"

Amy was slightly taken aback, but soon regained her composure and raised her head.

"I didn't wear makeup!"

"Oh, is that so?"

Gomez approached and examined her.

"You didn't wear makeup, did you? It's totally awesome! The demons will go crazy! Why did you come here? Did you come to seduce me with that face!"

"No!"

Gomez's eyes sparked and he swung his fist and hit Amy's face.

Amy, who fell to the floor, struggled to grasp the situation, but her body stood up first.

"I ask again! Do you want to seduce me
[Translated block]


"Everyone was fully focused.

"Who in the world wants to die? That's why we're needed! We get paid to die in their place! That's what being a soldier is! Let's do our job! Death is the most sublime!"

The 100 women had also fought through fierce competition to get here, but their eyes were different from when they first arrived.

"Alright! Go to your quarters and get your supplies! We'll start the initiation as soon as lunch is over!"

As Gomez, who gave the order, headed towards where the male cadets were, the instructor followed and asked,

"How is it? I was worried about the situation in other countries, but after reading the recommendation letters, I found that more excellent kids gathered than I thought."

"What's there to say? War is the enemy. Do you think those flower-like kids came here because they want to die?"

Gomez was also a father of two daughters at home.

"They are the resources that will become the core of Valkyrie in the future. Dealing with demons is completely different from dealing with humans. Train them so harshly that they cry blood. If not……."

A glint flashed in Gomez's eyes.

"They will shed blood on the battlefield."

As the instructors left, the women finally relaxed and sighed.

"I thought it would be different because it's a world army, but it's not much."

"It's limited to capture with military force. It's important what kind of training you get."

Amy listened to the conversations of the other applicants while rubbing her swollen cheek.

"I saw the last Valkyrie conscription notice, and they were recruiting even at the general level besides the non-commissioned officers and officers? It's a good opportunity to learn under skilled people."

Amy thought there was no weak person and made up her mind as someone touched her shoulder.

"Oh……!"

Amy's eyes widened at the unexpected welcome face.

"Tes! You applied too?"

Tes of the Elzain family.

Lian's friend and in heaven, she was active as a trio with Amy and Arin, and she was smiling brightly.

"Yeah, Amy. You got a lot of attention on the first day."

Amy smiled bitterly.

"I guess so. I must have been marked."

"That guy must be a pervert, if you had hit him one more time, I would have stepped in and slapped him."

If it was Tes's personality, she would have done it.

"It's okay. At least I got hit with a fist. If he had slapped me, I would have slapped him back……."

I will become stronger.

If I climb higher and become a general, then I will be able to meet Shirone with dignity.

Tes, who felt the aura from Amy's calm words, smiled affectionately.

"Yeah. Let's definitely pass and show them what we've got."

Amy, who suddenly realized, asked.

"But what about the swordsmanship school? Do you have any motivation to suddenly apply for Valkyrie?"

Tes's face darkened.

"My father passed away. It seems he was hit by the demon army while protecting the colony when the altar was opened."

Amy's vision went dark.

"Ah……."

"It's okay. Don't be sad. My father was just doing his duty as a commander of the occupied area. But I can't forgive the demons. So I applied for the non-commissioned officer when I saw the notice."

"Non-commissioned officer? Not an officer?"

If it was Tes's swordsmanship, she could have been an officer even in the Valkyrie Army.

'I want to fight.'

To avenge her father.

"Amy, are you an officer?"

"Yeah. The Valkyrie Magic Corps didn't recruit non-commissioned officers. Anyway, even if you're an officer, the actual deployment is the same."

The magic specialty belongs to the special series, so it has to be smaller than the infantry.

So the promotion is fast, but even if it's a lieutenant colonel, there were many cases where it was directly deployed to the infantry.

"But……."

Tes asked hesitantly.

"Did you hear anything about Lian?"

"No. Completely out of touch. It seems that even the Ogent family doesn't know. You didn't get in touch either?"

Tes answered with silence instead of words.

"He's so heartless. He should at least give a sign."
[Translated block]


The only person who could fill the void of losing his father was Lian, which made it even more painful.

"It's okay. He's always been like that. He's strong now, so he'll be eating and pooping well wherever he is, right?"

Amy also had a boyfriend who didn't know how to read a woman's heart.

"Hmph! I don't need such a stupid guy. Now there's Amy, right? If the night is lonely, you can date me."

As Tess hugged her arm and pressed her body, Amy's face turned pale.

"Wait, what did you just say......"

"Oh, you don't have to be so surprised. This is the military after all. We have to be self-sufficient."

Amy, who was following Tess with her strength, asked anxiously.

"Tess, you're joking, right? It has to be a joke......"

"Ho ho ho! I don't know! I might change too!"

Among the still green recruits, Tess's laughter filled the training ground.

"Who's laughing so happily?"

The window of the command control room opened, and the general who attended the entrance ceremony looked down at the training ground.

"Who are those kids?"

The world's strongest fire magician, Luda Garcia.

She had given up her position as the president of the Magic Association of South Eimond and was currently serving as the second corps commander of the Valkyrie Magic Troops.

"Who is it? Why are they so relaxed?"

"Colonel."

The duty officer laughed and checked the two women running towards him, then flipped through the documents.

"It's Carmis Amy and Elzain Tess. Their homeland is Tormia, and they seem to have known each other for a long time. Also......"

The duty officer licked his lips.

"According to intelligence, their lovers are the Ivory Tower Saint, Saint Arian Sirona, and the Knight of Maha, Lian."

Garcia's eyes widened.

"The Knight of Maha? The one who is sweeping away the demons by heading south from the northwest of Kashan?"

Lian's location is top secret.

"Yes. He is known to have refused the position of general in Valkyrie."

"Who is the lover of the Saint?"

She owed Sirona a debt.

"There, the redhead."

Garcia took Amy's face in her eyes.

"Can you send me a summary of all the items related to training scores, achievements, specialties?"

The duty officer stood at attention and replied.

"Yes!"

It was the order of the lieutenant general.

* * *

The price the Coteria Republic received for handing over the Exmachina was the full support of the Holy War.

The Holy War struck the west of the Gustav Empire with 30% of the Valkyrie troops fighting the demons.

Even in front of objective numbers, Balkan's military flag had to hesitate for a moment, and thanks to that, the Coteria Republic was able to breathe.

"It won't last long."

Minerva, who was flying to Aganos, came flying on a jet next to Sirona.

"Even if the Eastern Jincheon Empire, the Western Holy War, and the Southern Coteria Republic hit at the same time, it's just blocking the expansion. There's definitely something amazing about Balkan's military power."

"The person who declared war on the world. In the end, removing Habits is the fastest solution."

And now, the information that the first button was sewn was delivered to Sirona and Minerva.

"......What kind of person is it?"

The Exmachina team found the Alpha PC.

"Whoever it is, they're not sane."

Extreme, chaos, ignorance.

It was a person who truly loved Habits, where all kinds of unpleasant concepts were concentrated.

'Is it possible?'

Even the Gustav 4th generation was just attracted by the smell of the same race, not love.

"How was the altar?"

When she arrived at the Huangcheng by free pass and crossed the wall, Iruki was waiting at the entrance.

"I was sealing it and came because I heard it was urgent. Did the Alpha PC arrive?"

"Yeah. He's waiting in the room now."

"What kind of person is it?"

"That's......"

Iruki twitched her lips, but eventually gave up explaining and turned her body into the Huangcheng.
[Translated block]
The Korean phrase "가자. 직접 보고 판단해." translates to "Let's go. See for yourself and decide." in English. Is there anything else you would like to know or discuss?
[Translated block]