


Where there is Ra (2)

Unable to track the Ra enemy, Woorin tracked the movements of all mankind except the Ra enemy.

"Even if it's called a history search, it's not a big deal. It's a way to sort my memories into a series of categories."

However, it was great because the category of that memory was all mankind.

Most humans can only pass on fragments of what they have experienced in their lifetime to future generations, but the memory transfer of Terrazhe did not leak information.

"In other words, no human in my memory has ever met a real Ra enemy. So the only thing left is a place I have never experienced, that is, the three great labyrinths of the world. If it's not here, it's not on this planet."

Shirone was convinced.

'Areas with extremely low frequency of exit compared to the frequency of entry. But that means…….'

Even if you meet a real Ra enemy, the probability of escaping is extremely low.

"I voted for you on the premise of risking my life, but honestly, it's true that the progress is lagging behind other competitors."

If you are a candidate for the Ivory Tower, you should consider the speed of judgment to be similar, and the rest was a difference in disposition.

"Nane is already choosing one of the three great labyrinths and going. Without anyone's help. Jinsung Eum has powerful soldiers of the Jincheon Empire. The direct escort unit, Sambo. They are the ones who have been granted the right to approach her three steps ahead, and their skills are top-notch. And you, Shirone... have the knights of Maha and the king of goblins."

When Kido coughed awkwardly, Woorin smiled.

"Lian or Kido is strong, but this time the opponent is not easy. You have to do your best."

"It's okay. There are three labyrinths. I don't think they will find what you, Woorin, couldn't find."

Woorin's point was in line.

"The Ra enemy is in one of the three labyrinths, Jessica, Andre, Pytharos. So there is still a chance for you, Shirone. Do you have a map by any chance?"

When Lian handed over the world map, Woorin spread it on the table.

"Do you know the difference between a maze and a labyrinth?"

"Hmm, a maze is a path, and a labyrinth is a space?"

"Similar. But to be precise, a maze has an exit and a labyrinth has no exit. It's not a place made to bewitch someone in the first place."

Woorin pointed to the Molten Kingdom, which borders the south of Kashan.

"First, Jessica."

As the largest empire, Kashan had three kingdoms bordering the south, Jaib, Molten, and Borneo.

"Jessica is the name of the first discoverer. It's in the forest adjacent to the Mediterranean Sea, 87 kilometers away from the royal star of Molten. You can probably find it right away. Because it's too big."

"What does it mean to be big?"

"Just too big. Another name for Jessica is the Giant's Ruins. It is believed to have been made by giants before humans settled in this land. No one knows how much space is underground in the pyramid because no one has explored it to the end, but archaeologists estimate that it is about the size of a small kingdom."

"Hmm, it's a problem to find it, but it's also a problem to get out."

"Among the three great labyrinths, it's still popular. It's called a labyrinth because it can't be conquered, but even if you don't go too deep, you can find valuable relics, and sometimes ancient weapons."

There was no one among those who talked with Woorin who did not know that the giants came from heaven.

"Next, Andre. It's in the Akkad Desert."

Terrazhe pointed to the desert in the southeast of Kashan's territory.

"The Akkad Desert is the largest desert in the world. The southern desert is the territory of the Paras Kingdom, but Andre is in the northern desert of Kashan."

It felt strange to introduce one of the three great labyrinths in his country because Tormia was not a large country.

"Andre's nickname is the Prison of Space and Time. As far as I know, it's the most unique and hardest place to escape among the three great labyrinths."
[Translated block]


"Why is it a prison of time and space?"

"The flow of space-time is completely different from reality. The survival rate is 1 in 1,000. According to the records, some say it's the past 3,000 years ago, and some say it's a primitive age 10,000 years ago. Of course, I think there will be those who have been to the future world."

"I see. You're saying that a different space-time unfolds each time you enter? This is going to be difficult. You're leaving survival to luck, aren't you?"

"Not exactly like that."

"Huh?"

When he raised his head, Woorin was smiling playfully.

"In fact, it's a famous tourist spot. Even now, thousands of people visit here every year."

"What... what are you talking about?"

"A long time ago, someone independently isolated Andre's space-time. Even if you go to Andre, you can no longer experience the mix of space-time. Instead, if you go there, there are as many as 19,000 circular steel doors installed densely. Each one becomes an entrance to a different world."

"Are you saying there are 19,000 independent worlds?"

"Yes. Each world is sealed with different times, different space-time. Of course, tourists can't open the steel doors, but no one wants to go in anyway. Since the steel doors were created, there have been no survivors. So no one knows how each world has developed. Some worlds may have already perished."

"So that's why it's called a prison."

"It's a kind of prison. It created a prison to confine time and space that break the rules and run wild."

At this point, there was one thing he was curious about.

"Who on earth did such a tremendous thing?"

"I don't know. No one knows."

Shirone's expression hardened.

"McClain Guphin."

"Yes. The fact that it can't be found even after searching all history means it's already been erased. Do you understand now? Andre is a relic of Guphin."

Shirone swallowed his saliva and said.

"Maybe La Enemy is not here either?"

He wanted to believe that.

"Hahaha. That might be possible, but Angke Ra is not an ordinary creature."

Woorin, who had wiped off his laughter, looked at the map again and pointed to the Middle East, the Kingdom of Paras, on the left side of the southern desert of Akad.

"Finally, Pytharos, commonly known as the hole of corruption."

Kido stuck out his tongue and raised it.

"Just hearing the name makes me not want to go."

"If Andre is a singularity of space-time, Pytharos is a legal singularity. All the corrupt energy of this world gathers here. Why, like rainwater flowing from high to low, Pytharos is a legal lowland."

Lian said briefly.

"It must be dangerous."

"Not only is it a candidate for the Ivory Tower, but even the lowly ones of Karga go mad as soon as they enter. And countless non-entities born from murky desires threaten explorers. Of course, the rank of the devil is from at least B to Triple S."

According to what he learned at school, the devil is known to be born from the projection of the collective consciousness of ancient people.

The aggregate of murky desires, pleasures, and taboos.

And now, Shirone, who realized the secret, could know another fact.

"The devils are the masters of the underworld, right?"

"Yes. Reality and unreality are born like twins and indirectly exert influence with a thin membrane in between. But sometimes the veil is peeled off, or the collective consciousness of humans becomes too strong and crosses over to reality."

"It's creepy just to hear it."

It was Kido's realistic evaluation.

"Anyway, La Enemy will be in one of these three labyrinths. In summary, Jessica is as big as a kingdom, Andre has countless worlds, and Pytharos is literally a heaven for demons. You can choose from these."

Woorin laughed with the face of a merchant as if he was wrapping up and selling good things.

She was looking at her with a sour face, but it was time to make a choice anyway.

"So let's choose. The ruins of the giant, the prison of space-time, the hole of corruption. Which one do you want to do?"

After a time of silence, Kido spoke.
[Translated block]


"Can I be honest? I just want to go home."

This was the first time I missed my deceased sister so much.

"Isn't it important not only where we are going, but also where the enemy might be hiding?"

Lian cast a piercing tune, which is very rare.

"Ah, I see. Hmm."

Shirone looked at the map again.

"The Giant's Relic is related to Anke Ra, and the Prison of Time and Space is the perfect place to hide."

Kido said.

"But wouldn't Pytharos be more comfortable for Ra? He moved the army of the underworld from Radum."

It wasn't strange to be anywhere.

"What about the other competitors? Can you tell where they went?"

"They haven't made a definite decision yet. But judging by the location, Jinsung Eum will probably go to Jessica."

"The Giant's Relic."

"Jinsung Eum is an unlocker. Magic is the ability to control space with ether waves. She doesn't care about the radius."

"She's making the most of her skills."

It was an excellent judgment if you couldn't guess the location of Ra Enemy.

'What about the remaining Andre and Pytharos? Which place will Nane choose?'

He didn't want to compete with Nane for one maze in a three-person competition system.

"Shirone, don't think too hard. It's not a competition where tricks work. It's a fight to show off each other's strengths. Nane and Jinsung Eum have also achieved great heights, but you have a sense beyond human."

"Shibulsangpokmae."

"That's right. Sensation becomes stronger as it is trained, but equipping it in the first place is a separate problem. You can't give ears to someone who doesn't have ears. But you're different."

Woorin held up the index fingers of both hands side by side.

"There are said to be a total of 11 senses that creatures perceive the world. Humans only have five senses, but the abilities of angels are all theories established with senses beyond humans. That's why humans don't understand."

Even Arius couldn't fully understand Ataraxia.

"The Valhalla Action that the current Archmages are paying off is also an extreme manifestation of the explosion sense."

"Valhalla Action?"

When I thought about it, the core principle was similar to Shibulsangpokmae.

"Some people draw pictures using their eyes, and some people hunt. Even if it's the same sense, the function varies greatly depending on how it develops. So equipping one more sense is a huge merit."

I was a little confident.

"You probably inherited the sense of an angel at birth."

'Ikael......'

When I thought of her, my heart ached.

"Even so, it usually ends here, but you opened up to the seventh sense. Because it's a state of opening up to the ultimate sense, even Angkera can't have."

'Gepin.'

Shirone clenched her lips tightly.

There was no cause for him, but the two people who designed him might have left something bigger.

"You don't know how far you can open your senses, but you can compete with other Ivory Tower candidates just by training your current senses."

Opening the senses is different from learning new magic.

'Well, just by realizing the seventh sense......'

As I began to feel concepts such as mind and concentration as if they were substances, Shirone's mental strength underwent tremendous reinforcement.

It was a fact confirmed that the accumulated time of Ataraxia had completely disappeared while fighting with Igor, the Lord of Fear.

'It's just the beginning. I can get stronger.'

When Shirone's eyes finally filled with confidence, Woorin asked with a smile.

"So what's your choice?"

Shirone, who looked down at the map again, did not hesitate any longer.

"Here."

Lian and Kido followed her gaze.

The prison of time and space where Gepin's breath lingered.

-I will be where you are looking for.

"Ra Enemy is here."

It was the labyrinth Andre.
[Translated block]