


[398] The Changing Situation (2)

After finishing the celebration dinner for her promotion to a certified 5th grade magician, Shiina arrived at her lodging in a drunken state.

She received many bouquets of flowers, but the one she brought in was the one that Shirone gave her.

As she took off her shoes and looked down, there were dozens of congratulatory letters from various organizations.

She picked up a pile of letters and sat down at her desk, flipping through them one by one.

The Torumia National Defense Magic Research Institute, the Royal Magic Museum, the Climate Association, the Magician Pension Fund, and so on. There was no end to them.

"Phew, I guess I did succeed after all."

Shiina got up and took off her coat. She was not bothered by the hangover, but she sweated a lot and wanted to wash up first.

She took off her top and threw it on the desk, then she spotted a unique seal of an organization among the letters.

"Kaizen Swordsmanship School?"

Born in the Olipher family and living as a magician all her life, she had no special connection with swordsmanship.

"Did I meet someone at the Teacher's Association?"

Shiina tore open the letter and looked for the name.

Parca Kuan.

"Ah... Mr. Kuan."

He was the person she met last year when she went out to see a line under pressure from the Olipher family.

It was not a bad meeting, as far as she remembered. He was cold in his speech and attitude, but he did not cross the line of rudeness.

"How did he know and send me a letter?"

He could have heard through the Teacher's Association. But swordsmanship and magic were completely different fields, so if he did not pay attention normally, he would have missed it.

"I should send him a reply."

Shiina sat down on the chair again in her underwear. She opened the drawer and took out a sheet of paper. She dipped ink on her fountain pen and touched it to the paper.

Tock.

The dot on the blank paper did not move for a long time.

'Armin oppa...'

If there was one person she wanted to receive congratulations from, it was Armin.

The person who gave up both his eyes for her when they were young. If it wasn't for him, she wouldn't have been able to dream of reaching this position.

Shiina put the letter with only a dot in the drawer. It was unfortunate for Kuan, but there was no room in her heart for anyone else but Armin's lingering image.

'Is he doing well? He doesn't seem to be releasing any works either.'

He left after working in Creas and never sent her a single letter since then.

He was someone who used to send her letters at least once every three months, so she was worried if something had happened to him.

'Well. He's much smarter than me.'

Who could worry about whom?

Even though she became a certified 5th grade magician, Shiina was still just a crybaby little sister in front of Armin.

Shiina looked up at the ceiling and smiled sadly.

"Hehe. Oppa, I did well, right?"

* * *

It was the most terrible dream of his life.

From a city-sized hole in the sky, countless Maras poured in.

The beings called demons, gods, and deities by humans were annihilating the creatures on the ground.

He lost everything like that.

Among the corpses that covered the field like a plain, everyone that Shirone loved was dead.

'No! No!'

In front of Amy's corpse, Shirone wailed.

Her eyes that could not close were looking resentfully at the dozens of Maras floating in the sky.

'Uaaaaaa!'

Ataraxia accumulated at a terrifying speed. When Shirone's hair stood up completely, a huge flash swept across the sky.

The Maras disappeared into the light.

As the whole world was filled with light, darkness pushed in from the edge and quickly covered it.

Shirone was left alone in the dark. There was no name for loneliness for the only human left in the world.

Shirone knelt down and cried. He shouted at the darkness to bring back those he had lost.

"Shi-ro-ne."

A dull voice tore through his eardrums.

A small and thin flash passed by, and then darkness opened up and down to reveal a huge pupil.
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone's eyes widened. His distorted face like a demon was reflected in the center of the huge pupil.

"......! ......!"

Shirone vomited blood and screamed. He had never hated anything so much in his life.

But his voice sounded as if he was submerged in water.

The huge pupil, which was just indifferently stuck in the darkness, spoke in a dull voice.

"You have the right and duty to answer the remaining questions."

"......! ......!"

Tears of blood flowed from both eyes. All kinds of curses and swear words were shot at the pupil.

He lost his self-control even in his dreams and hit the darkness with both fists. Resentment, anger, longing were contained in his trembling shoulders.

The huge pupil looked at Shirone for the first time. There was no movement of the pupil, but it must have been.

Suddenly, as if he had ears, Shirone was finally able to hear his own voice in his dreams.

"What the hell? What questions do I have to answer?"

"......"

The pupil asked.

"Huh!"

Shirone sat up with a start. The desk screen with sticky notes stuck all over it caught his eye.

'My room. It's my room......'

Shirone collapsed on his desk again. Cold sweat was on his forehead and his body felt exhausted.

"Phew, what is this? Why such a weird dream......"

He felt the texture of the paper stuck to his cheek and got up. One word among the notes densely filled with letters caught his eye.

Heaven destruction.

He fell asleep while studying magic all night. It was literally developing a mass slaughter magic. He wondered if he had a nightmare because of the stress that there was still no solution.

It was already 5 a.m.

Shirone organized his notes neatly. He had already written more than ten notebooks with ideas related to heaven destruction magic. His understanding of God's particles had improved, but the possibility of meeting the criteria suggested by Gald was still zero percent.

'No, there must be a way. Maybe......'

It would be the most destructive magic in the world if completed. But he couldn't give up because he still felt a faint echo like an answer in his head.

Shirone washed his body with warm water and left the dormitory with a cross bag containing notes and pens.

The graduation class that started in winter was already heading for summer. The night was short and dawn came quickly, and the air was fresh as if carbonated water was mixed. There was a refreshing sound of birds in the forest.

'Can I really go to heaven?'

When he met Gald, it seemed like a year would pass quickly. But living in the busy schedule of graduation class, he felt like all the promises he had made with him were fading away like a dream.

"Huh? Shirone?"

When Shirone turned his head, Maya blinked her eyes sitting on a garden bench. She held a mug with steaming coffee in both hands.

"Maya, what are you doing at this time?"

"Huh? I always wake up at this time? I have to play wake-up music. What about you?"

Shirone woke up every morning to the sound of music, but he didn't think he had such a trivial complaint.

"Oh, I see. I woke up early after sleeping. I have some time left, so I'm taking a walk."

"I see."

The two became closer after occupying Gogi, but it wasn't a situation where they met alone because they wanted to, so an awkward atmosphere flowed.

Maya pushed her mug forward with her thumb and gathered her courage to point to the seat next to her on the bench.

"Do you want to sit down?"

Shirone didn't refuse. He came out to cool his head, but being with Maya wasn't a bad choice either.

While magicians draw lines like knives in their own areas, Maya steps over that line and soothes other people's pain.

He didn't want to pass on what he could handle to others, but as long as he was a magician, Shirone was also embarrassed at first.
```
[Translated block]


But now I have to admit it honestly.

Her kindness was an oasis that moistened my dry heart in the fierce graduation schedule.

"Do you want something to drink? It's still warm."

Maya handed me a coffee with sugar and milk. I had no reason to refuse sweets as I was suffering from stress. Of course, it was because she was Maya that I could reach out without hesitation.

"Thanks."

As I drank the coffee, Maya's face turned red and she smiled shyly.

"Is something wrong? You look gloomy."

I groaned and leaned back on the bench.

"I've been working on some ideas lately, but I can't figure them out. I've been having trouble sleeping for days. And today I had a terrible nightmare. So I'm not in a good mood."

Maya looked at me with concern. She thought I had nothing to worry about since I was doing well in the graduation class, but it seemed that it wasn't the case at my level.

"Don't think too hard. I sometimes feel that way when I sing. If I try too hard to sing well, it strangely takes a lot of effort and it doesn't work out."

I also had the experience of insight that my mind wouldn't flow if I didn't empty it.

But that alone wasn't enough to achieve greatness.

When I squeezed out everything to the limit and broke the dam, my mind finally became a huge torrent and reached a brilliant idea.

"Hmm, I don't know. It doesn't matter if it's easy or hard, it just has to make sense. At this rate, I might go crazy."

I shook my head hard. Diligent birds were flying in the sky looking for morning food.

Maya's expression turned pitiful. How deep was his worry that he had such dark circles under his eyes?

"Sydney...."

Maya's hand covered mine. Even then, my eyes were fixed on the sky.

I didn't know if he was unaware of it because he was lost in thought, or if he knew and tolerated it, but just holding his hand made my heart feel like it would burst.

"Sydney, can you tell me what's going on? Even the most talented people can miss small details. Maybe asking someone else for help will find a solution."

I blinked slowly.

'Hmm, ask for help? That's a good idea. But this is a state secret, who can I ask... Huh?'

My eyelids froze open. It was so static that one might think he was dead from a distance.

Maya didn't notice my change.

I wanted to comfort him. Not someone else, but me. To be his girl.

She felt her body leaning toward him. She wondered if this was really okay, but if he didn't like it, he would have refused when he held his hand.

Maybe he was waiting for what would come next?

She gained objective courage from her subjective thoughts and opened her plump lips slightly and advanced toward his mouth.

"Sydney, do you..."

"God particle."

"Huh?"

Unintelligible sounds came out of his mouth.

He asked for help. He had his limits on his own.

The light that flowed faintly in his brain amplified at an incredible speed and gave him goosebumps. Finally, his head cleared up with a refreshing feeling as if his brain had opened up.

"Maya!"

"I'm sorry! I just..."

Maya crouched down hastily. He realized what he had tried to do after he came to his senses. It was a perfect situation to be misunderstood as a pervert, or maybe he really was a pervert?

He put down the mug with a thud and stared at Maya.

"Look, Sydney, so there is, you know, why I did that..."

And without giving him a chance to speak, he hugged Maya.

Maya's eyes widened. Her head was dizzy and she felt ecstatic as if she had everything in the world.


**Sydney:**

I'm sorry for surprising you like that. But you don't know how much you helped me just now.

You see, I've been working on a very important project for a long time. It's about finding the God particle, the ultimate building block of matter.

It's a very difficult and complex problem that no one has solved yet. But thanks to you, I finally got a breakthrough!

You're amazing, Maya. You're my muse, my inspiration, my angel!

I don't know how to repay you for this favor. But there's one thing I know for sure.

I love you, Maya. More than anything in the world.

Can you please accept my feelings?
[Translated block]


"Thank you, thank you so much! I finally figured it out!"

Shirone, who was shaking Maya's shoulder vigorously, ran out like a half-crazed person with a cross bag.

"Sorry! Something came up! See you later!"

Shirone stumbled as he ran with all his might. Maya jumped up. But before she could scream, he regained his balance and disappeared to the other side of the park.

Maya heard her heart pounding. Today was not a lucky day, but a fortunate one.

Maya smiled happily and shouted.

"Shirone! Work hard! Fighting!"

Shirone raised his fist in response instead of answering.
[Translated block]