


```text
[513] Remaining Questions (3)

Gando, who learned the whole story of the incident, was lost in thought.

He understood that Satan, who realized the existence of Anke Ra, used the reset to provide another opportunity to humans.

But there was still one question left.

"Why... did you try to erase yourself?"

Anke Ra's erasure.

If Satan disappears, Ra can conquer the human world again through one last war.

There was no reason to erase himself.

Uorin, who had answered any question coolly, was silent for a long time this time.

Gando realized through that fact.

There was no deja vu about Gepin's erasure, but it was a story that could be inferred enough.

Tereze met Ra.

Otherwise, this kind of compromise would not make sense.

"That's right. Tereze Mistra had a face-to-face meeting with Ra at the end of the last war. But the person he really wanted to meet was not Tereze. It was because of that child that Mistra could prophesy Ra's erasure, and that the Empress was replaced earlier than planned."

"Who is that child?"

"Arian Siroene."

Gando recalled Siroene's face.

A bold boy who proposed a deal to Gaold at the Magic Association.

Maybe Gaold was thinking of using him for the Heaven Project, but it was unexpected that Siroene's name was mentioned even from Tereze's mouth.

"Why did Ra look for Siroene?"

"To hear the answer to the remaining question."

Uorin added an explanation as Gando tilted his head.

"Satan, that is, absolute chaos, was a concept that Anke Ra could never understand. He is the whole, but chaos is outside the whole. The fear of that unknown awakened Anke Ra's long memory."

Uorin's expression slightly distorted as he pulled out information close to primordial memory.

"Maybe Gepin was a person who existed until recently. We just forgot."

Mackline Gepin erased his existence from the Akashic Records.

He is still remembered by a few people, but what kind of human he was can only be inferred from other information associated with his name.

"The cause of Gepin's erasure is unclear. So far, I think it has nothing to do with Siroene. Anyway, it seems clear that Gepin somehow consulted with Ra before erasing himself. And in the process of that consultation, Gepin threw one topic to Ra."

"What topic do you mean?"

"Ra is the incarnation of the Akashic Records. And the beginning and end of this world, or the whole. When Mistra faced Ra at that time, the question he wanted to hear from Siroene was this."

Uorin turned his head slightly toward Gando and said with his long neck straightened.

"Why can't I..."

"Be a god?"

Ra asked, but Siroene still had no answer.

His avatar, who went bankrupt due to Balhalla Action's debt, was isolated in a prison of space-time.

Knowing that fact, Ra asked again.

That was his promise with Gepin before Siroene's erasure, and it was the only problem that Anke Ra could not understand.

"I am the whole. The beginning and end of this world. But why can't I be a god? Why is chaos outside me?"

"......"

Anke Ra regretted even a moment of silence.

A flash of powerful energy containing him was rushing into Aravot's spire, or himself.

If he couldn't hear an answer from Siroene, he had only one choice left now.

"If I can't get an answer from humans..."

Anke Ra's eyes opened wide.

"I will become human myself."

"Oooooh!"

Uriel pushed Miro to the end.

The time left until heaven's destruction was 23 seconds.

But before the reset is attempted, before God's punishment destroys heaven, he must kill Miro at all costs.

"Kuuuuu!"

Sein clung to Uriel and cast Ilwolgwangryun even with his chin broken.
```
[Translated block]


Icarus amplified the power of the Sun Wheel, but Uriel, who was completely burned, ran to Miro and swung the Paradise Staff.

Kuuuuuuuuu!

Miro's eyes, which had a bond with the beast, shook with shock.

An archangel with a powerful force that could cause a crack in Miro's space-time using the Heavenly Explosion.

He had entered the Third Eye and repaired the crack, but he thought that the source of all this trouble was Uriel.

"What happened, Miro? Isn't that mouth not moving now?"

"Keeuk!"

Miro concentrated his mind with all his might.

Squeak.

Still, a little crack was forming on the small barrier she had created.

19 seconds.

"Victory is in sight!"

"Run to death, everyone! Life is beyond death!"

The rebels desperately moved toward the spire.

The moment they entered Aravot, all their thoughts burned away and only their obsession with victory, which had become their instinct, remained.

17 seconds.

"Kieek! Kieek!"

Garas swept through the ruins of Jebul like a wind, hunting angels.

The natural enemy of the angel, who had a high-minded spirit body, was only specialized in breeding and had the simplest form.

Even at the end of the world, Garas would only have an animalistic desire to breed his species.

15 seconds.

"No! You can't leave us behind!"

Kanya hugged the broken Babel and wailed.

The transparent droplets that flowed down along the cold metal surface looked like Babel's tears.

13 seconds.

"Mister! Mister!"

"......"

Gaold was like a living corpse.

Where would his soul be wandering, dragged into hell?

If he could, he wanted to walk that hell with him, he thought as he buried his head in Gaold's arms.

A flower that blooms in hell.

That's why love is beautiful.

11 seconds.

Urrrrrrrr!

Buildings were collapsing all around.

Looking up at the sky indifferently, a large rock fell down next to Kuan's face with a thud.

Maybe next time a bigger rock would crush his face, but he just looked at the sky.

'It's ending.'

It was time for the clown to exit.

9 seconds.

Arius, who was bounced off by Uriel's blow, knelt down like a leper and lifted his head toward the sky.

Maybe he found it sooner than others because he lost his eyesight.

"Eh. Eh."

A huge light was coming down from the sky.

8 seconds.

With Shirone unconscious in front of him, Flu staggered to his feet.

He fought with everything he had for what everyone believed was right.

"What is this......"

Flu shed tears.

Desire always breaks like a mirage in front of reality.

"What is this!"

In the curve of the future that twists in an unknown direction, where are humans going?

7 seconds.

"Shirone......"

Ethela, who had exhausted her energy with the scream of destruction, knelt down and looked up at the sky with her back straight like a bow.

"You did well, Shirone."

She just threw her whole heart into it.

"Myth is just a myth."

Animalistic desire and noble spirit, good and evil, everything that can be thrown away with your heart.

All the myths created by humans were heading for destruction by a cold thought that flashed through a boy's head like lightning.

6 seconds.

'Parca Kuan.'

Armin smiled bitterly as he felt defeated.

'If it's him......'

He would be able to protect the woman he loved most for his life.

"Shina, you have to be happy."

"Brother?"

Armin gave her a beautiful smile and cast a flicker magic toward the sky.

Shina, who realized too late, clenched her chest and screamed.

"No!"

The end speed of God's punishment was 41 Machs.

That is, 41 times the speed of sound.
[Translated block]


Even for a master of schema, it was a very low probability gamble to stop at a speed that no one could react to.

5 seconds.

"I'm sorry, Kira. I don't think I can keep my promise."

She had seen him leave the Ivory Tower, but she did not activate the covenant pledge.

Was it because she saw Kuan's sincerity?

Today, of all days, he missed Kira's face in his memory a little.

4 seconds.

"That's amazing."

Armin's wide eyes finally captured the divine punishment in his sight.

A speed that he could not describe with his experience.

The distance was still far, but it felt like it had already arrived in front of him, a flash of light that emanated that feeling.

3 seconds.

"Damn it...!"

Even in a situation where only 3 seconds were left, the divine punishment was still at a tremendous height.

'It's impossible to go any higher!'

As soon as the thought ended, a light flashed in the black sky and a huge flash pierced through Armin and passed by.

"Huh!"

In an instant that felt like one second was divided by 100, Armin saw clearly.

The golden bird that wrapped around him.

'Force Mittery?'

The divine punishment penetrated the space-time bird and rushed to the ground.

2 seconds.

"Zulu?"

Flu looked back at Zulu, who had arrived at the spire of the Arabot.

According to her mission, she should be looking for the meta-gate in the underground of Jebul.

'Why are you here?'

Zulu, who had released Force Mittery, raised her hand toward the sky.

She had succeeded in subduing Erga, a 10-tier monster that she had first encountered, and it began to fly up into the sky with the meta-gate in its grasp.

"For a new beginning."

Flu's gaze followed Erga up.

1 second.

The meta-gate opened and finally the divine punishment revealed itself in the high sky, shaking the atmosphere.

It was the last sight that humans could capture with their eyes.

A long flash of light that drew a line from the sky to the ground was sucked into the black sphere of the meta-gate.

Beep.

And twisting space-time, another sphere with the same coordinate value, where the divine punishment was stabbed into Zion, the underground of Jebul.

* * *

"I will realize it!"

Anke Ra's pupils moved at the speed of light.

Now was the time for reset after Satan disappeared.

Reset.

The world turned off.

A concept that cannot be expressed even by nothingness, a perfect nothingness.

In a state where there was no time or space, something suddenly amplified and the world opened up.

When the concepts of birth and destruction intertwined, many events happened, but all probabilities were already contained in the initial amplification moment.

All things in the universe were repeating the events before reset while drifting for billions of years.

The only thing that changed was one thing.

23 seconds before heaven was destroyed, Anke Ra did not summon Shirone and immediately erased himself.

It was a true Anke Ra erasure.

Thus, the time of the universe passed beyond the point of heaven's destruction at 0 seconds when Anke Ra executed reset.

"Ugh!"

Woorin bowed her head as if she had been shocked in her heart.

"Your Majesty!"

Gando jumped up, but she stopped him with her hand.

She gets a shock like this when a powerful déjà vu comes in.

Her whole body's cells seem to stop working for a moment like this.

'It was this point.'

Woorin sensed it.

'The point where the third reset began. Then Anke Ra is currently erased.'

Woorin got up from her seat and regained her breath.

"Follow me. There is something you have to do now."

When Gando went outside, she was already standing in front of a room prepared at the end of the corridor.

When she knocked on the door, 30 wind generals who were guarding the room saluted and rushed out.

She couldn't see them with her eyes, but her minions Crouch must have been hiding somewhere and guarding against intruders.

"Only you and I will stay in this room."

Gando entered a spacious room without any furniture.

A red carpet with golden patterns was laid on it, and Woorin sat down on a cushion in the center.
[Translated block]


"Listen carefully from now on, Gando. The reset has already begun. And from now on, I will..."

Woorin clenched his eyes and said.

"Find Anke Ra."
[Translated block]