


```
[416] Second Hell (3)

Gaold, who broke into the Mecha clan's gap like a robber, looked down at them and asked.

"Are you rebels? Where is your headquarters?"

Finding the core base of the rebels was also part of the reason why he wanted to go to the mainland, so it was a matter of saving one more trouble if he heard from them.

However, contrary to expectations, the woman's face, which had been terrified until a moment ago, changed as she heard Gaold's voice.

She jumped up and shouted with an arc in her hand.

"We are the Military Supply Community! Everyone, pick up your weapons! We die here today!"

The squad members also took a fighting stance at the squad leader's instructions.

Their expressions, with Signa and Xd in front, showed their determination to even defy death.

"Get out of here right now! Or you'll be food for the arc."

The arc's laser aimed at Gaold's forehead.

A long-range weapon of Mecha that shoots explosive beads.

But she knew he wasn't a match for him.

'I'm risking my life, so I have no choice but to try some robbery intimidation.'

"Kuku. Kukukuku."

Gaold's face wrinkled as he shrugged his shoulders and laughed as if wind had entered his lungs.

And when he raised his head again, his eyes were blazing with flames that were nowhere to be seen.

"You're whining annoyingly."

The superheat hell wrapped around the Mecha clan.

It didn't matter whether it was a misunderstanding or a delusion. Gaold was not a gentleman enough to treat those who rushed in without fear.

The Mecha clan members who fell into the superheat hell all had pale faces and trembled their legs with saliva dripping from their mouths.

The scream of the abyss was so creepy that they wanted to tear their eardrums.

It was not a horror of human nature.

Even the woman who had overcome several life-and-death crises as a squad leader could only sit down weakly with her chin trembling.

"Huuu. St, stop. Please......"

After the Mecha clan lost their will, Gaold released his extreme energy.

The woman, whose face was soaked with tears, hung her head and glared at him resentfully.

"Why are you tormenting us? We are fighting against heaven. You're human too, aren't you?"

"I don't know what nonsense you're talking about, but I'm not a military supply community or whatever. And wasn't it you who used to call the border people fake humans and belittle them?"

"Th, that's......"

As the woman tried to refute, the trees in the forest behind the Mecha clan began to fall.

Everyone's eyes turned there.

Something huge seemed to be approaching at a fast speed, but there was nothing yet that could be confirmed by eye.

-Magnetic field release. Argon engine operation.

The scenery of the forest flickered and an opaque boundary line of some shape began to appear.

What finally revealed its identity was a bipedal armored car that approached four meters in height.

The ratio of upper and lower body was 1:1 for stability, and it had a short leg with reverse joints and a relatively long and thick arm shape.

The hydraulic cylinders pumped at different cycles to match the engine sound.

-Enemy detected. Preemptive strike is allowed.

The tank stretched out its four-fingered palm and rushed forward.

As Gaold stepped back, it leaned forward like a carp and slammed into the ground. The dirt rose like a wall.

The tank that was hit by the pouring dirt looked like it couldn't stand up by itself judging by its shape and weight, but it kept moving its legs forward and regained its balance by shoveling out about two tons of dirt.

Meanwhile, Shiroene's party maintained their respective combat distances and widened their distance.

Shiroene also activated Diamond Armor, put on his hood backwards, and watched the situation.

'What is that?'

The waist of the bipedal tank turned smoothly like oil floating on water every time the upper part of the cockpit scanned the front.

The cockpit was a glass-like oval sphere with a purple glow as if electricity was flowing through it, making it impossible to see inside.

"Guroi. Mecha clan combat system level 2 equipment."
```
[Translated block]


```text
Gaolde narrowed his eyes at Gangnan's explanation.

"Ho-ho, it's definitely better in real life."

When he checked the specifications only with the documents, he thought it was just a walking scrap of iron.

But when he actually encountered it in battle, it was a device that had excellent mobility and tactical operation depending on the pilot's skill.

Especially, the method of distorting the magnetic field and erasing the presence was the latest technology that was not recorded in the documents until recently.

The upper part of Guroi turned and faced the Mecha tribe.

"Is everyone in the second squad safe? What about the Kergoans?"

The voice that came through the speaker was neutral, but judging by the tone, it was likely to be a man.

"The Kergoans have been annihilated. But it wasn't us."

Guroi's cockpit turned back to Gaolde.

"Who are they?"

The woman hesitated for a moment.

The bearded man clearly said that he was not from the military supply community.

But the illusion he showed was tantamount to intangible violence that could not be done without blind hostility.

She thought it would be better to go crazy than to go back to that hell again.

"They are enemies who attacked us."

Guroi gave instructions using the internal channel.

-Exterminate them. Switch to strike mode. Upgrade the argon engine gear to level 5.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The five Gurois advancing in unison changed the shape of their hands.

Four fingers folded outward, and a huge barrel with a black hole inside popped out from inside.

-Fire!

Bang bang bang bang bang bang bang!

As hundreds of kilograms of iron cylinders acting as bullets shook violently, a deafening roar sounded as if their ears were falling off.

The heavy bullets flew out at a speed of three hundred shots per minute, breaking rocks and snapping trees.

One Guroi twisted its body toward Gaolde.

The black bullet flew quickly to 30 centimeters in front of Gaolde and then suddenly slowed down as if buried in something.

Thud! Thud! Thud!

The bullets that could not penetrate the air shield gathered together and created a barrier of black iron.

"Hmm, iron beads."

Gaolde waited until the bullet lost its rotation and grabbed one with his hand.

Then, the confusion of the Guroi squad was conveyed through the shaking of the body.

-Si, sir! He caught the bullet with his hand!

-Keep firing! They are presumed to be boundary people! Don't judge enemies by your previous experience!

Gaolde weighed the bullet in his hand and flicked his thumb up.

"An air gun or something. It would hurt if you hit it."

Gangnan rolled his eyes and said.

"Do it if you're going to do it, or don't if you're not. Or should I do it?"

Gaolde caught the falling bullet.

"I'll try it myself."

Gangnan gritted his teeth at the absurd remark, but he had no intention of reversing the decision made by the commander.

"Is that so? Can you capture it without damage?"

Gangnan looked around Sein and asked, and his eyes began to spin.

"I'm calculating. It'll take about a minute."

Gangnan looked around the battlefield anxiously. It seemed like enough time to finish all five machines and still have time left.

"Damn it! Who are these guys?"

The pilot of Guroi No. 3 was dying.

There were seven split screens on the amoled vision installed on the front of the cockpit, covering 360 degrees forward, but the man with the sword seemed to jump over the screen and screen, making it hard to catch with his eyes.

'This world has a lot of strange things.'

Kuan cut through various parts of Guroi.

Every time he drew his sword, metal plates opened like flesh and sparks flew out.

'Is it thicker than armor? Where are people hiding?'

He accidentally cut off an engine artery and lost output. The 3rd machine lost its balance and swayed.

"Kruk! You bastard!"

The pilot lifted both arms and regained his balance.

Guroi, which corresponds to level 2 of mecha combat system, must meet level 1 in order to operate.
```
[Translated block]


The first step is Piper, because Guroi's operating mechanism is connected to each part of the pilot's body, so those who are not muscle-enhanced cannot easily move one arm.

The pilot, who barely found stability by flailing his arms and legs, looked for Kuan's location.

But what caught his eye was not Kuan, but a cute girl with long brown hair and a clumsy glasses.

"Cute my ass!"

Contrary to her appearance, she was a martial artist, and every time she struck, Guroi's machine shook and a loud noise exploded inside.

"Hey
[Translated block]


240 percent, 370 percent, finally reaching 600 percent, the drive joint in the knee area broke with a loud noise.

"Kyaak!"

Guroi's body tilted and the cockpit slammed into the ground.

It was a shock like falling from a building, but Kanya did not let go of the control stick until the end.

"Die, monster... huh?"

The noise-filled Amoled vision became clear and the target point of the gun barrel automatically focused on the target.

"What, what is this?"

Kanya doubted his eyes.

The face of a boy who had appeared even in his dreams was enlarged on the vision.
[Translated block]