


Acceleration (4)

Valkyrie Base 73.

The Valkyrie leaders with VIP status were gathered in a bunker built in the mountains of the southern continent.

In the wars that took place around the world, humanity's win rate was less than 7 percent.

But if it weren't for them, they couldn't even guarantee that 7 percent.

"Urgent report! The 7th Division of Borna is annihilated!

4 million demons are crossing the Max Mountains."

The flag of the 7th Division disappeared on the 3D map placed on the military table.

Then four red horses, each representing a million units, moved to the Max Mountains.

"General, your response strategy."

The strategists who reorganized the horses on the military map through intelligence looked at one person.

Valkyrie General Merkodain Iruki.

He was the one who had crossed the line of death by overdriving excessively in Exmachina.

He was more emaciated and his hair was gray, but there was no shake in his eyes staring at the military map.

'It's really tricky.'

It wasn't a war that could be won in the first place.

All the general could do was minimize the damage and buy time.

There was also a reason why he was able to defeat many talented people and take charge of the general, which was a poisoned chalice.

'I have to retreat a little more.'

But Iruki won.

The 7 percent win rate also included the activities of the Ivory Tower Five Castles, but it was a miracle-like thing that he raised a victory against Habitz's army.

Electricity popped out of Iruki's eyes.

'Overdrive.'

The residents of Ivory Tower, 'the card game players', watched Iruki in awe.

'It's a miracle that he's alive.'

Iruki opened his brain, but strictly speaking, he was eaten by Exmachina.

'That moment of synchronization.'

Iruki thinks like Exmachina.

'The world of quantum probability.'

In fact, humans don't need to know that much to win a war.

'It's enough to cut or push back. War is just an interaction of particles.'

This is called law.

'But Satan is outside the law.'

Iruki defines it this way.

Habitz's essence is a state of existence as a probability before the result is observed.

'You can't predict chaos.'

But if it's Iruki, he can come up with a new strategy at that unpredictable point.

'It's not because you lose that you lose. It's not that you're bound to lose. The moment we respond to Habitz, the result is fixed as a losing event.'

Only Iruki understood Habitz.

'Then don't observe.'

If you can make an event happen outside the maximum radius where Habitz cannot have a specific result.

'You can't win, but you don't lose either.' The 7 percent win rate gained by doing so.

'As long as you don't touch it directly, Habitz's chaos is rather poison to Balkan's military power.'

Hundreds of millions have already died, but there was definitely something gained from their sacrifice.

'There will definitely be an opportunity.'

Iruki waited for the day when Habitz's choice would be a bad hand that would change the situation.

? ? ?

"Should I say it's strange...

Balkan said.

"You can lose. Winning and losing in war is not a big deal. The strange thing is the cause of defeat. What should I say. As if...

Balkan looked at Habitz.

"You think like Habitz."

"Hmm."

Smudo stroked his chin.

"It's like fighting with the same strategy? But that's possible because it's Habitz. Anyone else would lose every time."

"But he won."

Silence came.

"It's too much to see as a fluke. First of all, dividing his forces in front of Kashan. If we had just stormed into the central continent, it would have been a fight we wouldn't have lost."

Balkan pointed out the core.
[Translated block]
"......I want to take you to a place that is very special to me. A place where I first learned about the secrets of ether waves and the true history of this world."

Sydney paused and looked at Shirone with a serious expression.

"It's a place that is hidden from the eyes of most people. A place that is dangerous, but also full of wonders. A place that might change your life forever."

Shirone felt a surge of curiosity and excitement. He had always admired Sydney's abilities and knowledge, and he wanted to learn more from her.

"What kind of place is it? Where is it?"

Sydney smiled and took his hand.

"Follow me. I'll show you."

She led him to a nearby alley, where she activated her ether wave device. A portal opened in front of them, revealing a dark and mysterious landscape.

"This is the Ether Realm. The origin of all ether waves and the source of our power. It's also the place where I met someone who changed my life."

She stepped into the portal, pulling Shirone along with her.

"Who did you meet? What did they tell you?"

Shirone asked as they entered the Ether Realm.

Sydney looked back at him with a mysterious smile.

"You'll see soon enough. Come on, we don't have much time."
[Translated block]


Seong-eum lifted her head with a faint expression.

"I realized that I had never been anywhere in my life."

Shirone stared at her intently.

"I don't have a grand plan. Just for one day... help me see the world."

'You're thinking of dying.'

That was the only reason why Seong-eum, who was a candidate for the Ivory Tower, would suddenly say something like this.

"Okay."

Knowing how high her karma was, Shirone decided to follow her will for now.

"Let's go wherever you want. I'll follow you anywhere."

"Then?..."

Seong-eum glanced at Rian, who was standing behind Shirone.

"Go ahead. I'll wait here."

Feeling some kind of determination from her, Rian got up from the table and sat on the bed.

Seong-eum expressed her gratitude with a small nod and cast an ether wave.

Their bodies were sucked into space, and soon a completely different scenery appeared.

"Where is this?"

It was a valley with a small waterfall.

Seong-eum sat on a rock and breathed deeply, smiling contentedly.

"I've never been to a place like this with anyone in my life."

It was because she didn't allow any visitors.

"Come to think of it... I wonder why I lived so distantly."

Shirone sat next to Seong-eum.

"It can change from now on. When the war is over, there will be days when we can all be happy together."

"I hope so..."

As expected, persuasion was impossible.

"Tell me. What are you thinking about... huh."

Before Shirone could finish her sentence, Seong-eum leaned her upper body closer and gently kissed her lips.

Shirone's eyes widened in surprise, and after a while, Seong-eum's lips parted.

Only the sound of the waterfall was heard.

"I'm sorry." Seong-eum said, lowering her head.

"It's okay. I was just startled."

"...I heard you have someone you love. I hurt you. Forget about it."

That might be true, but Seong-eum seemed to be thinking too complicatedly.

She was pure because of that.

"Why did you do that?"

"I always wondered. If I had someone who could walk with me, in a quiet place like this..."

Seong-eum changed the subject.

"We competed together. For the star of the Ivory Tower. You and me and Nane." It was an unforgettable memory for Shirone too.

"Yeah. Back then, I never thought the world would change like this."

"You with compassion, Nane with justice. You both carried out your beliefs to the end. It may sound funny, but sometimes I'm proud of you guys."

"You're strong enough too. And you're still fighting for the world."

"...Is that so?"

Seong-eum felt good about Shirone's compliment.

"Time and space are actually one field. If you fight for the world, that's enough for me."

She wasn't afraid.

"Seong-eum, if you're thinking something bad..."

"It's only the beginning of the day." Seong-eum dusted off her seat and got up.

"I don't want to think about it right now. It's okay to enjoy this moment a little more. Let's go somewhere else."

"Huh? Already?"

"I have to fulfill my lifelong wish. I don't want to miss a single place."

"It doesn't matter if it takes longer."

He didn't want to pressure her.

"No. One day is enough. But I have a request."

Seong-eum reached out her hand to Shirone. "Will you hold it?"

Shirone looked at her slender fingers and slowly took her hand.

'Whatever you're thinking... I won't let go of this hand until the end.'
[Translated block]