


[722] The World We Live In (3)

As Kai fired the flare, a flare emitting the same light responded from the other side of the mountain.

Burying the shell of the flare in the ground, Kai said,

"Hehe, at least they gave us a flare, signaling we're on the same side. Maybe... the situation changed and they had no choice but to kill."

They would have had to give flares to the other Black participants to deceive Kai.

'You want to believe that.'

Shirone didn't bother to voice her thoughts.

The fact that they decided to exchange with a high-level card using the magician's special ability meant they already knew.

"Are you okay? It's dangerous to use deception among the same Black team in the final battle."

"No one... cares about my life."

Kai turned his head with a dark expression.

"When my parents passed away, the village chief of Black told me to live on my own. He said it didn't matter if I died."

Black was a world of survival of the fittest.

"In the Black area, if you're not needed, you have to die. But you saved me, brother. If I want to be on the same side, I have to do something. I'll collect high-level cards."

If it were White, they would have decided by voting.

'What's rational is always right, but...'

The desperation of a child struggling to survive could not be said to be wrong.

'Kai can't go to White. Then I have to decide the game in Black.'

After waiting about 20 minutes, three Black participants appeared, pushing through the bushes.

They approached only as far as they could identify Pia, looked around, saw Kai, and smiled.

"Wow, Kai. You've done something proper."

As Kai backed away at the words full of survival instinct, the leader of the Black team stopped his colleagues.

"Wait a minute. There's one more."

Wanting to avoid combat as much as possible, Shirone waited in a place where they could see her.

"It's the guy who eliminated Pharaoh."

Until the law of WhiteBlack ended, they could not definitively declare death in any case.

"Kai! How dare you deceive us!"

As a member of the Black team pulled out a card, Kai waved his hands vigorously.

"No! It's a conductor! We're on the same team now!"

"Conductor?"

When the Black team asked, Shirone approached Kai's side, holding out her job card.

"I can choose the law. And now I'm on the Black team. As long as Kai is safe, I have no intention of changing."

It was hard to believe straight away, but they had had enough of White's meddling.

"Huh, you hypocrites. Are you still living by voting? Hey, go check it out."

The Black team member who approached cautiously confirmed the conductor card and retreated with the same action.

"It's confirmed. He's currently on the Black team."

"Hmm, a conductor. I thought it was a magician."

If it were true, the victory or defeat of this survival test had already leaned towards Black, but the fact that he was a conductor was revealed.

'Damn it! There was a magician on the White side?'

The population of WhiteBlack was small, but it was not that there were no people who had realized the spirit zone.

"But why were you in White? You should have destroyed it and moved to Black."

"That's for me to judge. Anyway, I'm on the Black team now, right? Trade, will you do it, or not?"
[Translated block]


The Black Team was whispering when the leader stepped forward, closer than before, with a card in his hand.

"Present one S-rank and two A-rank cards. We have Medios's Wizard, Kinship, and Actsi Zombies."

Kai muttered in surprise.

"Medios's Wizard......"

It was an S-rank, an effective possession card in battle.

Medios's Wizard (Possession)

Description: Corrupted wizards are said to be exiled to Medios for life.

Effect: You can cast powerful magic for 60 seconds. Cooldown time 360 seconds.

Current cooldown time: 0 seconds.

'If only I had that card......'

It was a lifeline card for Kai.

"Hold on. We presented two S-rank and four A-rank cards. One S-rank and two A-rank cards don't add up, do they?"

"No, it's definitely not a losing deal. Even if it's A-rank, there's kinship. You should know, Kai?"

Kinship (Function).

Description: Trust is proportional to time and inversely proportional to distance.

Effect: Doubles the activation time of the card you have.

Shirone's eyes lit up when she checked the effect.

'I see. If combined with kinship, the possession time of Medios's Wizard increases to 120 seconds.'

That also meant the value of CPR was high.

Actsi Zombies (Summon).

Description: The zombie outbreak in Actsi was confirmed to be evolution, not mutation.

Effect: 20 entities. Fast and powerful. Either smash the head or smash everything but the head.

Special Ability: Infection. If bitten, you become a zombie.

The last card, Actsi Zombies, would also be a strong ally for Kai.

"So, bro? Shall we trade?"

At Kai's cheeky question, Shirone pretended to think for a moment before nodding.

"Okay. It's important to get a lot of weapons first."

"Hold on. There's something to check first."

The leader of the Black Team held out his hand.

"Show me Kai's job card. Just in case. I'll reveal my job too."

The leader's job was a thief, and his special ability was pickpocketing.

'Ability to steal a card within a 2-meter radius without the opponent noticing.'

There could be a situation where the law of action wouldn't notice, but there were no cards to steal anyway.

'The problem is Kai.'

The special ability of a magician, Magic Card, can only change one card to any card.

So now that he has changed the Old Copper Shield to CPR, there was no room to change the job card.

"What are you doing? Hurry up and reveal your job card too."

Kai's smiling lips trembled.

"Okay. But there's a condition. Only you and I will check. If you come close, pickpocketing will be activated."

Even though there were no cards, bluffing was also a tactic, so Kai's suggestion was reasonable.

'But there's no way to fool the Black Team. Does he have a strategy he hasn't told me?'

Kai looked back at Shirone and said.

"Don't worry. I'll be back soon."

Kai, who reassured Shirone like an adult, faced the leader of the Black Team in the middle of the open space.

"Let's check the cards first."

"Here are three. Now show me your job card and CPR together. You must show them together."

"Of course. Here it is."

The job was a magician.

But the action of holding the card in front of him was so calm that the leader felt a moment of cognitive dissonance.

'What, a magician? Wait, a magician?'

CPR is fake.

"This son of a......!"

Just as the belated anger was about to blow away his reason, Kai snatched the card from the leader's hand and shouted.

"Bro! Run away quickly! I'll stop them!"

Just as Kai, who found Medios's Wizard, was about to shout with the card held high.

"Cough!"

The leader's dagger pierced Kai's stomach.
[Translated block]


"Damn kid... deceived me?"

"Kai!"

As Shirone stomped on the ground and approached, the leader who snatched the card from Kai immediately activated Medios's wizard.

"Magical Fire!"

From the leader's body possessed by the wizard, a blue light flickered, and a huge fireball fell from the sky.

"Activate! Act Zombie!"

"Grrrrrrrr!"

20 zombies were summoned and rushed towards Shirone at an incredible speed with their claws raised.

"These bastards...!"

While the photon cannon was blowing off the zombies' heads, the remaining two members of the Black team also joined the battle.

"Activate! Scream of the Mass Grave!"

Scream of the Mass Grave.

Description: The people of Kvasutra village were buried alive by the mad king.

Their voices hold the feet of the living.

Effect: Restrain the opponent for 2 seconds after activation.

"Woooooooo!"

As the specter of the dead appeared from the ground and grabbed their ankles, zombies from all around gathered towards Shirone.

'Rampage!'

As the light curtain blew off the zombies' arms and legs like fragments, the giant of the Black team threw his body.

'Special ability. Werewolf.'

The body of the giant with the Druid job card began to sprout fur, and his long mouth opened wide.

"Kaaaaang!"

The weapon card caught on the werewolf's claws shone.

Wild Action.

Description: Anyone can be aggressive.

Effect: Reproduces the imagined action exactly. However, safety cannot be guaranteed.

"Can he really avoid it?"

The brilliant action of the werewolf reproducing the scene in his head pierced into Shirone's weakness.

'Choeni Bardo!'

As the sharp claws passed the place where Shirone was, all of the Black team widened their eyes.

"What?"

The fact that the effect of the Scream of the Mass Grave disappeared before it ended meant that it did not violate the law.

"Damn it! Where did he disappear...!"

The moment the leader twisted his body, the photon cannon scattered like buckshot and beat the entire Black team.

"Cough! Cough!"

Almost at the same time, the Black team, who flew and fell in the grass, fell without a chance to look at the Black team. Shirone ran to Kai.

"Kai! Wake up! Kai!"

Kai, whose body was stained with blood where the dagger was stuck, opened his eyes.

"Brother... I'm sorry."

"...Why?"

Why did he do that?

"Why didn't you ask for help? You know I'm a wizard, right? Why did you do such a stupid thing?"

Kai shook his head weakly.

"I don't know. I was just... scared."

"What? What were you so scared of?"

"I was afraid you would be disappointed."

Shirone was at a loss for words.

"I tried to help somehow... I'm sorry. I made a big noise, and I couldn't do anything..."

He seemed to know what he wanted to say.

"You don't have to say it now. Let's treat you first."

"You saved me... so I wanted to be recognized... I was scared to be doubted by you..."

"Don't say it! You're still bleeding!"

"I'm sorry... brother."

Kai's head fell to the side, and the beating of his chest that had been panting quietly subsided.

"Kai! Kai!"

What is this world?

The contradiction of White Black is that there is no way to return from Black to White.

'The true good is...'

It does not distinguish between good and evil.

Lost in thought, Shirone laid Kai's body in a cozy grass bed.

Shirone's eyebrows were sadly curved as he looked at Kai's job card, which he had held in his hand until the end.

Magician: Almost all deceivers.

It must have been the feeling he wanted to protect for the first time in his life, who had been abandoned by the world.

"CPR."

Shirone gently laid Kai's job card on the back of his hand, which was neatly folded.

"Wait. I'll be right back."

What is the probability that there will be CPR among the hundred cards born out of the harmony of White Black?
[Translated block]
"No, it must be there."

Shirone, who was staring at the moon of the law, turned into a flash of light and shot up into the night sky.
[Translated block]