


[693] Reunion Site (2)

The king and senior bureaucrats had anticipated the appearance of the Ivory Tower, but the pressure of the imminent success was tremendous.

King Adolf broke the silence heavier than rebar.

"What is the reason for visiting the Kingdom of Thormia from the Ivory Tower? The kingdom has never harmed humanity."

The corners of Tsuoi's mouth went cold.

"You know it gets complicated if you hear it directly from me, right? It would be better to confess obediently."

The System Inspection Department is the closest to the political situation of each country among the departments of the Ivory Tower.

They were familiar with dealing with the kings of each country as they often met them due to diplomatic problems, famine and refugees, and wars.

"Of course, there was a big incident recently, but it was just a crackdown on a terrorist organization that threatened the kingdom."

Tsuoi lifted her skirt.

"It's rude. Peeking at a lady's underwear."

King Adolf didn't even lower his gaze.

"This is your last chance. If you ridicule me one more time, I'll grab you by the collar, king or not."

The pupils of King Adolf, who was keeping his mouth shut, trembled.

'What on earth do you want?'

The high-ranking wizards and guards guarding the king were also burning inside.

'Damn it! Do they think we're scared and holding back?'

Even if the wizard of the Ivory Tower is strong, if you fight and die, you die. There was no need to endure such humiliation.

But it was not a personal emotion, but a problem of the entire kingdom.

If they made a mistake in choosing a word, they would suffer a loss of billions of gold, and if the residents of the Ivory Tower behind the success denied the Kingdom of Thormia itself, everything would be over.

Adolf spoke in a slightly softer voice.

"We have nothing to hide."

Tsuoi's eyes turned cold.

"You insist on not giving up your hypocrisy. Well, let's see if you can kneel in front of me."

Then the door of the Grand Hall opened hastily and a group came in.

"I'm sorry for being late, Your Majesty."

Magic Association Chairman Luphyst expressed his respect in a simple way, and the following Shiroene party looked around with tense faces.

'That woman is...'

The first thing that came into Shiroene's eyes was definitely Tsuoi.

A woman with black skin and curly hair tied with hundreds of rubber bands like horns.

It was a powerful spirit that would take your breath away wherever you met her, not just in Wangseong.

"Who are you?"

"I am Luphyst, the chairman of the Magic Association. I am also the person in charge of the Radum incident. If you have something to say, say it to me."

Tsuoi snorted.

"There are stupid people here too. The Ivory Tower is not a subject of compromise. If you confess obediently, you won't be insulted."

"What do you want us to confess?"

"Anyway, the kingdom..."

When Tsuoi lifted her skirt again, Iruki, Kido, and Lian were dumbfounded.

"What, those polka dot panties? What about it?"

Kido pointed out openly, but Tsuoi did not react and stared at Luphyst's face.

"......"

Then she suddenly turned around and waved her hand at the bureaucrats.

"See, you saw it? You can do it, you can."

The bureaucrats, who could not find any difference from Adolf's reaction, frowned uncomfortably.

'What's different? Are they just ignoring us?'

"But......"

Tsuoi turned around again and pointed at Shiroene.

"Who are you?"

Among the many people in the Grand Hall, only Luphyst and this boy did not see the panties.

"I am Arian Shiroene."

"Shiroene? Ah, you're Shiroene?"

It was acceptable if he was a candidate for the Ivory Tower.

'He has a good combat power. He went quite deep on this side.'

Not seeing something is much harder than you think.

Because even the act of not seeing something is just one of the methodologies of looking at something.

So you have to forget it perfectly.
[Translated block]


"It was as if we didn't even know it existed, like hearing there was gold under the beautiful tree in the back mountain.

"Aryan Shirona?"

The bureaucrats murmured, and even King Adolf showed interest and looked at Shirona.

'That boy...'

He was a student who graduated from magic school with the highest score in the history of the kingdom, and a talent he missed.

It was even more regrettable that Tsuoi, who even scolded the king, moderated his tone to Shirona.

'A resident of the Ivory Tower. I thought he was just being strong, but he knows how to acknowledge someone?'

There must be some realm that Adolf could not enter, but after all, the king was just a job to rule, so it was not a matter of pride.

"Okay, I'll treat you like a human, especially for you."

Tsuoi turned completely to Rufist.

"Bring the seed of life right now. I will dig it myself."

Rufist bowed his head.

"Is that it? But the Kingdom of Thormia does not have it. We didn't even collect it in the first place."

Shirona's mind became complicated.

'Didn't you collect it?'

Didn't Rufist go to the fallen life flower to collect the seeds after La Enemy was destroyed?

"Then where is the seed now?"

"I don't know. It was never there, or if it was, it would be with the person who has it."

Tsuoi chewed his lips and fell into thought.

'Did these guys get a hernia?'

Of course, Rufist is telling the truth, but such a psychological trap was a scam against the Ivory Tower.

"You really won't regret it? You know it's not over just because you avoid the storm right now?"

"Of course."

Rufist bowed his head.

'It's a matter that can't be told to the king.'

After the destruction of La Enemy, many people are losing memories of certain sections.

Due to the global phenomenon called amnesia, it is clear that the attention of the Ivory Tower will be focused on Thormia.

So the plan was to hold out until the storm passed by giving up the ownership of the life flower for now.

"I hope your decision today doesn't turn into a disaster."

"There won't be."

Tsuoi also suspected that there was a way to recover, but from now on it was a political issue.

"Let's go, Musso."

When Tsuoi left the Grand Hall with Musso, Iruki appealed to the king.

"I'm sorry for causing a fuss, Your Majesty. We will also leave."

The bureaucrats who were not afraid of anything in the world shouted.

"What? Is this playground yours, Wangseong? Where do you think this is, coming in and out freely!"

"I'm sorry. But here the chairman..."

"Even if you're in the Ivory Tower, you're lucky you got through safely, otherwise you could have suffered a big loss! What about that goblin?"

It seemed that the stress received from Tsuoi was considerable.

"Stop it."

Adolf raised his hand.

"After all, didn't they come to help me?"

Iruki played along.

"That's right, Your Majesty. There's also a saying that it's better to have several people hit. I came to ask for a favor today. In that sense, can I leave first?"

Adolf looked at Iruki and Shirona alternately.

'Friends...'

Shirona wished to become a star of the Ivory Tower.

"You can leave."

"Thank you."

When Iruki turned around, Adolf added.

"Oh, before that, I have something to tell Shirona."
[Translated block]


Shirone spoke with an example.

"Yes, Your Majesty. Please speak."

"Unfortunately, I didn't recognize your true value."

There were times when he was frustrated in front of the barrier of status, but it was always his own choice.

However, hearing such words from the party involved made him feel hot.

"Your Majesty, I am......"

Adolf spoke first.

"On behalf of all the citizens of Tormia, I sincerely apologize for hurting your heart."

The atmosphere in the Grand Hall fluctuated.

Although he knew it was a political speech, something hot came up in Shirone's heart.

"Thank you, Your Majesty."

Iruki and Lian, who were watching this more than Shirone, were happier.

'Finally, Shirone is recognized.'

Of course, Lian knew better than anyone that Shirone would not end here.

Shirone's party, who left the Grand Hall, ran down the corridor in case Tsuoi had left the royal castle.

Two people leaving the royal castle were seen in the distance.

"Wait a minute! Wait a moment!"

"What?"

When Tsuoi turned around with a bothersome expression, Shirone ran faster.

"I have a question. About the criteria for passing the Ivory Tower test."

"Ivory Tower Test? Oh, La Enemy? Why are you asking me? You should ask the Human Safety Enforcement Bureau or the Balance Department."

Even though the world was on the brink of ruin, the Ivory Tower was strictly separating the departments.

"But something a little......"

Since Shirone was probably the only one among the three candidates who had encountered the incident's La Enemy, he thought that a special rule should be added in the Ivory Tower.

"I really don't know. The criteria for the test are in the area where your car is working."

Tsuoi hesitated for a moment and then spoke.

"I'm telling you because you asked, but I heard that the other two competitors are already close to passing."

"What? Already?"

It was less than a month since the test started.

"Why are you so surprised? It's not a difficult task, is it? Isn't it just finding La Enemy and coming to the Ivory Tower?"

'I can't be careless.'

Was it because the incident of Radum was so big that he thought he had achieved it to some extent?

The task on the ground was to meet the criteria set by the Ivory Tower.

"I think you will receive the title of a star."

He spoke frankly, but Shirone's heart was bitter.

"Why do you think so?"

"First of all, it's overwhelming in terms of combat power, and above all, there's a destructive power in judgment. There are also residents who point out Jin Sung-eum, but I don't like his car. It's rigid, but it feels a bit fast."

He could roughly guess what kind of person he was just by expressing his car.

"Do the residents also pick who will pass?"

"Of course. We even conducted a survey on the stars a while ago. I'm so busy."

"A survey? What's the result?"

Tsuoi pouted his lips.

"Do you have to hear it?"

"Yes. I want to hear it."

He was anxious, but he couldn't not hear it now that he had come this far.

"Out of 27 votes, you won first place. A whopping 17 people supported you."

"......I see."

"Second place is Jin Sung-eum. 9 people supported him."

Shirone's eyes were dim.

"So... did I get one vote?"

Tsuoi patted his shoulder and comforted him as if it were someone else's business.

"Don't worry too much. We're not prophets, we just think this person will be. Isn't it a car that asserts itself?"

Of course, he wasn't hurt, but he thought the voting rate was strange.

"So one of the stars thought I would be?"

"That's right. But I don't know who it is. It's a secret ballot. But......"

There was such a rumor.

The person who voted for Shirone was the biggest star in the Ivory Tower, Taesung.

'Is it true? But he rarely disagrees with Odaesung.'
[Translated block]
"But what?" 

'Because it's not certain.' 

Tzuyu shook her head. 

"No. Anyway, try hard. I liked you a bit." 

The person looking at the panties was disgusted. 

"I'll cheer for you
[Translated block]