


[739] Towards the Stars (3)

* * *

Minerva's words, calling the Corona Kingdom the terrace of the Ivory Tower, were not an exaggeration.

The size of the tower, reaching 468 floors, was the culmination of magic, law, and engineering, and it even had a perfect stealth function that no creature could reach on its own.

Shirone calmly watched the scenery outside the elevator going up until the sky darkened.

Minerva asked in a bland tone.

"Aren't you surprised?"

Although it was the first time seeing it with her eyes, the emotion that came back from feeling the whole in the realm of omnipotence was calm.

"I don't know. It's mysterious, but not really......"

"Hoo."

When Minerva blew wind into her ear, Shirone was startled and backed away.

"What are you doing all of a sudden?"

"No, I thought your personality disappeared because your car was too low. I thought you might be a psychopath."

Shirone shook her ear in surprise.

"Why would that happen? Moreover, what does blowing wind into my ears have to do with being a psychopath?"

"Is that so? I couldn't understand."

The moment she looked into Minerva's eyes, Shirone felt her heart burning up.

'This is......'

There is no one in the world who can pressure Shirone, who has conquered the scale of the universe, with just emotion.

'It's not a threat. It's a slaughter.'

How many lives must one end with their own hands to convey such a feeling?

The pheromones of fear that only creatures on the verge of death emit were ingrained in Minerva's body as an indelible smell.

"Now you're looking at me."

She had tried countless times from the Corona Kingdom, but she couldn't tense up the super-sensitive existence.

That's why she is now her 100 percent.

If it wasn't Shirone here, they would have already died of shock.

"Why didn't you accept it?"

For the first time, the smile disappeared from Shirone's face.

"I don't want to fight. You may not understand."

In the heyday when Minerva terrified the world, her nickname was the Grim Reaper.

Also, although it is not an official record, she is the human who has committed the most murders in human history.

"That's right. You will never understand me."

Witches have no personality, and therefore no taboos.

"The best way to solve a problem for me is to remove the problem. If the conflict between Nane and Shirone is a problem, it ends when both people die. No, at least one of the two."

It was a simple solution.

"But I couldn't do that. If there was a 51 percent chance of killing you, I would have moved to execution in Corona."

She didn't think it was up to 51 percent.

"The stars have clear subjectivity. They don't want a power collision, but it happens quite often. I wanted to check one last thing before going to Tae Sung."

Minerva's broom sweeper vibrated loudly, shaking its body.

"Forgive me."

The aura of death that bloomed from Minerva's body seemed to explode inside the elevator.

'Death.'

She never counted how many she killed.

When calculated by population density, the number of humans she killed is approximately 42 million.

The pheromones of 42 million people, which can only be collected from creatures on the verge of death, hit Shirone directly.

Can she forgive?

She might vomit blood and fall first, unable to tolerate herself who needs to forgive.

"Yahweh."

Shirone embraced Minerva with a warm light.

"We've arrived."

The stars, who had been chatting with Tae Sung on the last floor of the Ivory Tower heading to the Earth Temple, were waiting for the elevator.

As soon as the elevator, which had swept through dozens of floors in an instant, slowly stopped in front of them, Tsuoi approached.

"Congratulations. I never thought you'd become a star."

Since she had a record of killing Shirone's energy in the Kingdom of Thormia, she thought it was only right for her to greet her.

"Huh!"

As soon as the elevator door opened to the left and right, the blood drained from Tsuoi's face.
[Translated block]


As the smell of a great disaster leaked out of the elevator, groans also leaked from other stars.

"This is, Black Death, isn't it?"

It was the black magic that Fermi had cast in the graduation exam a while ago, but it was of a different dimension.

'Who on earth would do this?'

In the elevator that Ruber was looking at, Shiro and Minerva were standing side by side.

"Miss Minerva, when did you come?"

Minerva, who first stepped out of the elevator, did not look good.

As she slowly looked around with cold eyes, no one could meet her gaze.

'This person is called the Grim Reaper...'

Just smelling the scent emanating from her body brought a fear that made one's stomach churn.

"Just a moment..."

Tsuoi, who was seeing Minerva for the first time, looked back at Shiro in surprise.

'Did you ride the elevator alone with such a person?'

Shiro's expression was not particularly good either, but there was no fear to be found in her.

As the illusion of the brain watched silently, Mongin Ruber slowly approached and asked.

"It's been a while, Miss Minerva. But using such murderous magic inside the Ivory Tower..."

"It's decided."

Minerva, who interrupted Ruber's words, glanced at Shiro standing behind her and turned her body.

"The Human Safety Enforcement Bureau will kill Nane."

Shiro forgave Minerva.

"Let's go, Brain."

The saint brain, who could be said to be her direct subordinate, nodded his head and followed Minerva away.

"What the hell is that..."

Tsuoi turned around in disbelief, and Shiro came up with a smile.

"It's nice to see you again."

It was already known through the ability of Taesung Gaia that Shiro had reached the infinite realm.

'But this...'

It felt like a baby born in the blink of an eye had suddenly become an adult.

"You, are you really that kid from back then?"

Even at that time, Shiro was a promising star in the world, but she was far from Tsuoi's standards.

"I was the same height back then?"

"Don't joke around! How did it happen? You've reached this realm, but you couldn't stop Nane?"

That was why Minerva was suspicious.

"That's right."

Only those who have faced Nane directly can know how strong he is, so Shiro couldn't find a reason to explain.

"Do you remember me, Shiro? I'm working at the Integrated Space Management Bureau. There's no hierarchy among the stars, but we need a leader. It looks like I'll be following your instructions from now on."

Because the Mahagaruta of the Integrated Space Management Bureau, which was the original Five Stars, had attained enlightenment.

"Hello. I'm Twelve Mini."

Mini, who was sitting on Borbor's head, stood up with her small body and waved her hands.

"I'm a 2-star, and I'm majoring in scale magic."

Just by looking at Mini's size, you could tell her realm, but the scale in front of her was infinite.

To her, Shiro was a person who had reached the pinnacle of her major, so even though they were from the same star, her eyes were full of affection.

"If you could pass on the secret to me when you heard about it from Taesung..."

"Now is not the time."

When Ruber intervened, Mini immediately shut her mouth.

"Nane will liberate all the altars within 48 hours. Before that, let's receive the title of the star from Taesung."

"If it's that urgent, shouldn't we deal with Nane first?"

Even though it was a title of 5 stars, which is given to the world's best magicians gathered in the Ivory Tower, Shiro was indifferent.

Ruber smiled as if he had expected it.

"Of course, but filling the vacancy of the Five Stars is just as urgent. Taesung will think so too. Follow me."
[Translated block]


The event was hosted by the Integrated Space Management Department, so the residents from other departments dispersed that way.

Walking side by side with Ruber, Shirone looked down at the sound coming from the floor.

"Hoo! Hoo!"

Mini, who had jumped off Borbor, was following Shirone at full speed.

"Are you okay? You look tired."

"Ah, that's... If I release the scale, it gets too big. Don't worry. I'm fast at running."

Shirone knelt on one knee and held out his palm.

"Get on here. Let's go together."

Ruber glared at him, but Mini couldn't suppress his burning desire.

"Well, excuse me."

When Mini, who had taken a seat on Shirone's palm, grinned, Ruber shook his head and walked away.

"But... I thought I could choose a department where I can work."

According to Arte, whom he met earlier, there are five departments in the Ivory Tower, and they choose their departments according to their own philosophy.

"Usually, that's the case. But the Five Great Castles are exceptions. It would be accurate to say that there is no particular meaning to the department."

Mini added.

"The Integrated Space Management Department is close to the command center among the departments of the Ivory Tower. It plays a role in coordinating opinions with the sun on the agenda from the other four departments."

"Maha Garuda also worked closest to the sun. You don't necessarily have to..."

When Ruber, who had arrived at the top of the Ivory Tower, looked back at Shirone and pointed up,

"You should at least know how to go up there."

When Shirone looked up, all he could see was the blue sky outside the glass ceiling.

"Is the sun somewhere up there?"

"A place where you can't approach without the sun's permission. Only Maha Garuda was allowed to enter and exit at will. Now you have to prove your qualifications."

Even if it was the universe, not the sky, even a magician couldn't fly in the sky.

'I can go.'

But that wasn't the answer either.

'Being able to enter at will means that you don't need the sun to open the door.'

Shirone, who had put Mini down on the floor, said,

"Then I'll be back."

The light of Yahweh gathering in his hand meant that all the information in the world was in his palm.

"Open."

At the end of the short voice, Shirone's body turned into light and disappeared.

"Wow, this is..."

Mini opened his eyes wide, and Ruber seemed to have guessed something and nodded.

"It's different from a Buddha who practices righteousness. Rather, it seems that all things in the world willingly give up the truth for him."

That's why it's a miracle.

The universe loves Shirone enough to deny the existing law.

"...How can he do that?"

Ruber looked up at the sky.

"Because he gave everything first."

The Great Earth Holy Temple.

Shirone, who had arrived at the resting place of the sun beyond space, looked around with calm eyes.

A woman with a clear appearance as if she had stars in her eyes came down the stairs in a pure white dress.

"You're here, Hexa."

Sadness was in Shirone's eyes.

"I'm sorry. I couldn't call you my child."

All life born from the stars would be the children of the sun, but Shirone was an exception.

"Is there anyone more pitiful than you in this world? But think of this universe as your parent."

The sun's hand, which was coldly stroking Shirone's cheek, did not feel cold.

"So, how does it feel to be a god?"

It must have been a joke to lighten the mood, but Shirone, who had experienced the 19,000 worlds of Andre, couldn't laugh.

"I want to know something."

A difficult look crossed the sun's face.

"Am I a user?"

This is the truth beyond infinity.

"Or am I a ghost that only exists in the system."
[Translated block]