


[634] What's Really Important (4)

From the avatar of the Archangel overlapped on one coordinate, 300 flashes spread out like a net.

It was clearly simultaneous when seen with human eyes, but in reality, extreme errors were mixed in.

299 avatars, excluding Shirone who unfolded the Force Dimension, threw spears in different time zones, and Nade, who cast Spark magic, repeated birth and extinction in the flashes of lightning.

Even as the 87 spears stuck in the ground sequentially lost their light, 93 spears were coming down from the sky, and the Archangel was swinging the spear of light in extremely fragmented time.

85, 73, 49......

Those who blinked their eyes immediately after the angel's punishment began were still at the point where their eyelids had not even closed by a tenth.

In the vast gap between the spear that just arrived on the ground and the spear still held in the hand of the Archangel, Nade realized in the realm of pure signals.

As the angel's punishment repeats, the Archangel's time skill is narrowing the possibility of evasion to the extreme.

3, 2, 1.

At the same time as avoiding the last two hundred and ninety-nine spears, Nade's potential was tied to Movement Zero.

The Archangel of Shirone, who released the Force Dimension, drove the three hundredth spear into the ground.

Of course, Nade was still standing in the center of the vast space.

But it was just the end of the event that had arrived after passing through all points.

And the spear of light penetrated.

"Kuaaaaaa!"

Nade, who seemed to have been scattered all over, was hit by one of the 300 spears and straightened his upper body and screamed.

The audience, who could not even guess the confrontation of time and electricity unfolded in the momentary universe, just admired the huge feast of light.

"It hit!"

When the flash that penetrated and penetrated Nade's body disappeared, all the remaining participants concentrated their firepower.

"Knock it down!"

Richard's magic stone spewed out flames with maximum output, and Iruki's Nuclear Fusion caused a huge explosion.

The place swept by Pring's ice wave, Amy's Inferno fell in a parabola.

It was the firepower worthy of the final stage of the graduation exam, but the percentage of Nade remaining in the retina of the analyst was falling so slowly that it was hard to confirm without looking closely.

"It's no use. Antimagic doesn't even get a tooth in."

"It's a problem that the two thousand system is too excellent."

Baikal also thought that it might have been better if the system went down in this case.

"Kuaaaaaa!"

Plasma was laid around Nade, and a scratch-like back light spread out.

"Crazy bastard!"

The remaining six scattered in all directions centered on Nade.

Puck! As the air burned, Nade appeared in front of Prings.

'I have to avoid...!'

The body moved faster than thought.

'...it!'

The tip of Nade's hand brushed past the skin.

-Druze Prings. Graduation final ranking 7th confirmed. The number of remaining participants is 6.

'Is it death just by brushing?'

From the final 10, the feeling itself changes with the difference of one rank, so the key is to hold on as long as possible.

"It will be a clear standard."

Elizabeth asked.

"Are you talking about the standard for the final ranking?"

"No. It's too luxurious to use to rank."

"Then?"

"It's not about picking the number one in the kingdom."

Baikal felt the joy of a scout.

"It's about picking number one throughout the history of the kingdom."

In the midst of perfect chaos, the scout's attention was focused on who could withstand Nade, who was close to a natural body, in the gap of the countless spears that had just arrived on the ground and were still in the hands of the Archangel.

'I can avoid it! I can fight more!'

Richard, who spewed flames from his left leg, flew into the sky and looked down at Nade.

The cerebral circuit predicts the trajectory and the ice magic bullet fires a sharp ice bullet at the same time as Nade disappears.
[Translated block]


-Warning! Frame out!

Richard gritted his teeth and activated the propulsion of his left foot, disappearing faster than the moment captured by a lens that could shoot a hundred frames per second.

"Damn it!"

Nade's fingertip, which appeared in the sky, missed Richard, but it wasn't because he dodged it on purpose.

"Heugh!"

Soon, Nade was attacking Amy, and the next moment, he appeared in front of Iruki, Dante, and Shiro.

"Is nature fair?"

There was only the will to annihilate the enemy captured in the electric field, without any calculation.

'We're in trouble!'

Dante, who activated Pascal, converted all three-dimensional cubic surfaces into space teleportation magic circles.

'Monster!'

As Nade, who rushed at Dante, entered the space teleportation magic circle, a thick bundle of electricity occupied all the teleportation coordinates and flared up as light.

"Kuuuuu!"

At the moment when Dante gritted his teeth with the amount of information that could break Pascal, Nade escaped from the magic circle and rushed at Amy.

'Three-eyed evolution!'

As consciousness penetrated through the three-eyed mirror again, a sensitivity that seemed to be able to count the number of fluff wrapped around the whole body, and the world became clear as if the skin was peeled off.

"Awk!"

The lightning passed by her nose, and Nade disappeared immediately.

'Don't come to me!'

While everyone was thinking the same thing, Nade rushed at Shiro.

'Shiro is out...!'

As he lifted his upper body to activate the Sibulsangpokmae, Nade bypassed him and targeted Richard.

'I have no choice! Damn it!'

-Warning! Frame out!

While Richard was retreating with the power of the jet, Nade's face suddenly approached in front of him.

'Huh? I'm flying at a tremendous speed right now?'

Why is Nade still in front?

The last cut of the frame that shoots a hundred frames per second captured a fist.

The next moment, the world rotated as a whole and Richard's mechanical device turned off.

-Ainca Richard. The final graduation ranking is confirmed to be 6th. The remaining number of participants is 5.

It was a different feeling to be in the final five than to be in the final ten.

'From now on, it's the upper ranks.'

The four people dealing with Nade were fighting for rankings while avoiding transcendental lightning.

'Is it my turn this time?'

As Nade rushed at him, sparks flew in Iruki's eyes.

'Overdrive!'

The servant's brain was analyzing all the possibilities of Nade, but it was still tight to match the time.

"Kuk!"

Iruki, who hastily threw his body, passed by Nade, who was swinging his nails.

'Damn it! I can't hold on for long!'

Then Nade stopped by stepping on the ground and rushed at Iruki again.

'Why am I the only one twice!'

It was an unfair situation that I thought I should definitely argue after the test was over.

"Ah, really!"

Nade's intense lightning passed over Iruki's face, who was lying down.

'I'll see you later.'

As Iruki hastily raised his upper body, he saw Dante's serial magic circle, Baekdo, aiming at him.

"Nade is not the only enemy."

"Damn it......!"

Iruki, who stabbed the spirit zone into Dante's Pascal, tried cancellation, but the same iron wall-like password was still there.

'I can't match the time!'

Albino spoke at the moment when the amplified flame was about to pass through the muzzle through the tunnel of the magic circle.

"Don't think."

The moment the cancellation dismantled Pascal.

"You're not a machine, Iruki."

One hundred percent is the safest number in the world, but it's not the most efficient number.

"All you need is a 50 percent chance to do something as a human. It's about believing in yourself, in the life given to you."

It wasn't a hit, nor was it a perfect calculation.
[Translated block]


"But at the point where I thought I was ready in the probability of some probability, I bet on the game, and at that point, Iruki's future also began to break the existing limits and expand into infinite possibilities.

'Intuition? It doesn't suit you...'

While Dante was flustered by an unexpected situation, Amy jumped up and swung Ifrit's fist.

"Nade and Iruki are not the only enemies."

"Poo."

Looking at Amy, Dante blew his hair with his mouth.

Since the battery had already been detected, magic itself was impossible, and as the flame hit him, a fire entered the two thousand bracelet.

-Airhain Dante. Graduation final ranking 5th confirmed. The remaining number of participants is 4.

'It's done! Almost there!'

Amy, Iruki, and Shiro's eyes were more intense than before.

"Kuaaaaa!"

As the number decreased, the number of times to deal with Nade increased, but as the abilities of Sammae Evolution, Overdrive, and Sibulsangpokmae were fully utilized, the battlefield of chaos finally began to form a new system.

'We're really crazy! No one is out at this speed!'

As Sammae Evolution continued, Amy felt a pain as if thousands of needles were piercing her body, but that pain was the most powerful weapon for survival.

Nade, who was not easy, aimed at Iruki this time, but the overdrive added with intuition showed a much higher efficiency than before.

'I'm anxious.'

Since it's not 100%, it can fall into hell the next moment.

'But I feel great!'

For the first time, I felt alive, and as the explosive equation was calculated at a tremendous speed, I hit Nade's body.

'You need to get hit.'

There were a few misfires, but once the atomic bomb exploded, the power was incomparable to before.

Then, Fire Strike and Photon Cannon flew in from left and right at the same time.

"Nade's magical power is currently 1.21 billion magical. You've dropped it tremendously."

"But it still doesn't mean anything."

As the name suggests, Nade was an impregnable fortress, and as 20 minutes passed, the fatigue of the three reached its limit.

'That's really annoying, Sibulsangpokmae.'

As Shirone evaded in a stable state, the graduation test moved on to the survival structure of Amy and Iruki.

'Just hold on a little longer.'

Anyway, since Iruki is not 100%, the more time is delayed, the more advantageous it is for Amy.

'But...'

As the sensation of Sammae Evolution began to adapt, I felt that my agility was falling.

'It can't end like this.'

It was a way for a thirsty person to dig a well, and Amy tried the last method.

'All you have to do is drop Nade!'

Elizabeth noticed Amy, who destroyed the position and rushed in.

"You're going to decide."

"It's a good judgment. I think there's no chance if it's not now."

Amy, who approached Nade like a ghost while casting spark magic in succession, clenched her fists.

No matter how great the magic is, the body that casts the magic is human, so the schema is powerful.

'The moment you attack me is the opportunity!'

Even so, in order to hit Nade, who avoids the moment he touches his body, a counter of a counter, a counter of that counter, and a moment capture of that level were needed.

'Self-image memory!'

Nade, who approached Amy closely, swung his nails.

"Kuk!"

Amy, whose red eyes flashed at the fastest speed ever, twisted her waist and swung her fist.

'Retreat. Is it about finding life beyond death?'

Baikal stopped breathing and watched.

'This is the end, you bastard!'

Amy's fist hit Nade's chin accurately.

"
[Translated block]