


[774] Question of the Sphere (4)

"Ugh."

How much time has passed?

Starting with the groan of Arius, who was bleeding from his ears, the nerves began to return.

"Hoo."

His whole body was throbbing as if he had been beaten.

'What about the maze?'

However, there was no time to spare for his body, and Sein, who regained his sight, immediately surveyed the battlefield.

As if to reveal the form of shock, dozens of peaks around him were cut into a circular shape.

"Buddha!"

As the cross assembled into a sphere unraveled, Shura was the first to kick off.

"We're going too."

Arius couldn't hear, but realizing that Sein was leaving, he immediately followed.

Shura was checking the ground, stopping at a peak 400 meters away from the battlefield.

Sein was anxious.

'Why?'

As soon as he arrived next to Shura, his anxiety became reality.

'Really... is it God?'

Nane was standing in front of Miro, who was kneeling in a state of fascination.

"If I didn't have the great desire..."

Although his lips were torn and bleeding, there seemed to be no shock in his calm expression.

"I would have paid tribute to you."

"......"

Miro couldn't hear.

Looking at her, who was drooping her shoulders and bowing her head, Nane reached out.

"Sermon, shout."

A blue sword sprang out and soared into the sky, then became a bolt of lightning and struck her on the head.

Miro, who had been shivering for a moment, slowly opened her eyes.

"Kill me."

It was not a word of resignation, but a state of being so melted that she couldn't even move a finger.

"It was a close call."

The extreme state was when the results were polarized by a very small cause.

"Maybe I could have achieved my purpose."

Miro scoffed.

"Do you pity me? You're not a god either."

"That's right. But I'm a little further from humans."

There was no excuse for defeat.

"Why didn't you throw away the impurities smaller than a speck? What is holding you to humans?"

Nane wanted to hear.

"Kill me."

But Miro seemed to have no intention of speaking, just quietly closing her eyes and waiting for death.

"......Sermon, kill."

Twelve red swords sprang from behind Nane and curled like fingernails towards Miro.

"There will be no pain."

The murderous intent, which seemed to pierce Miro's body at any moment, was also conveyed to Sein, who was 400 meters away.

"No. We have to rescue her now......"

"It's already too late."

In front of the extinction of Cheonsugwanseum, Shura did not laugh.

"The one who was closest to Buddha knelt down. No one can overcome Buddha's time."

The moment Sein threw his body was the moment Nane's sermon pierced Miro's body.

"Stop! Stop!"

In the end, all he could do was delay Miro's death without moving a step.

Nane didn't wait.

"It's over."

Twelve swords were shot at Miro.

The moment Sein and Arius's hearts were preparing for a strong beat, they shrank.

"Postmetry."

A brilliantly shining giant creature soared into the sky, wrapping Miro.

As Miro disappeared into another dimension, Nane's sermon could not control the killing intent and blew up her body.

"Zulu's summon?"

Sein, who quickly looked around, found Miro, who had moved tens of meters away from Nane.

"So... you've come after all?"

Zulu and Gangnan were sitting on Kaidra, and Gaold was standing on the ground holding Miro.

"Now!"

As Sein and Arius cast spatial movement towards Kaidra, Shura also licked his tongue and flew towards Nane.

Feeling strange, Miro opened her eyes.

'What?'

The information that she was still breathing and that she was in someone's arms came in at the same time.

"......"

The moment she confirmed Gaold's face, her mind was dizzy and curses sprang out.
[Translated block]


"Darn it."

Gaold laughed bitterly.

"It's been a while."

That was the end of the greeting of reunion, and Gaold turned his head towards Nane.

"Is that Buddha? He must have had a hard time."

Miro gritted his teeth.

"Put it down. Why are you here? It's none of your business now."

Exhausted Miro was overwhelmed by moving alone, and Sein approached and supported her.

"Gaold, you……"

"Later. Let's do it later."

In a different atmosphere than before, Sein closed his mouth.

'Well, is it a natural thing? He has experienced a terrible hell twice and returned.'

As Gaold was busy looking at Nane, Miro quietly looked at his face.

'You've lost a lot of weight.'

The muscles that had been honed through endless battles were all gone, and all that was left was scars.

'It's really the worst reunion.'

Despite his vow that there would be no second time, he owed his life to Gaold again.

'Miss Miro.'

Arius, who was crouching next to Miro's leg, was happy to return safely and bowed his head.

'I can feel my heart beating fast.'

A diver who infiltrated Miro's mind.

Arius knew the only trauma engraved on her almost perfect mind.

'Mikea Gaold.'

A name that couldn't be abandoned.

"Let's go back. Now that we've blocked the way to heaven, let's plan for the future in Zion……"

Gaold asked.

"Why is Buddha trying to kill Miro?"

Sein frowned.

"What the hell do you know? There's no time to explain in detail. Cooperate in evacuating Miro safely."

"That's okay. I can ask directly."

Gaold walked towards Nane.

"You idiot! Do you understand the situation now……!"

It wasn't a situation that could be solved by getting angry, so Sein swallowed his anger and said to Gangnan.

"Hurry up and bring it. That kid is really going to die."

Zulu answered.

"If I could stop him, I wouldn't have come here."

"Then he's going to die."

Zulu looked at Gaold's receding back.

"Reality is a terrible pain for Gaold. But he came back through hell twice."

The atmosphere became solemn.

"We don't know what kind of pain Gaold has gone through. So we don't have the right to stop him."

"Buy some time."

Miro moved away from Sein and said.

"Just wait a little longer and I'll recover. I'll run away with you. Protect Gaold until then."

It was their last resort.

Sein turned towards Nane with a click of his tongue.

"Damn, it's annoying until the end……"

Nane, who had been watching Gaold, lit up her eyes.

"Shura."

"Yes,&nbsp;

"Stay away. As far as possible."

"Huh?"

He asked again, but there was no answer.

"I understand."

Even after Shura left, Nane calmly waited for Gaold to approach.

'It's like looking at my old self.'

Nane, who became a Buddha by giving up her body in hell after experiencing all the pain in the world.

"Are you an ascetic?"

Gaold thought it wasn't worth answering.

"Why are you trying to kill Miro?"

"To close this world."

"Why this world? What did you do wrong?"

"Pain."

Nane, who raised her index finger, pointed at Gaold.

"And you are the one who understands this world. How about breaking the chain of delusion with me now?"

"Do you understand this world?"

Gaold, who took a big step forward, twisted his waist and swung full swing at Nane's face.

"How do I know that, you bastard!"

Sein's eyes popped out in surprise.

"That crazy guy……!"

Even when Nane turned her head again, Gaold was approaching with his eyes rolled back.

"Did you learn some martial arts? If you're a Buddha, you're a Buddha, what are you babbling about knowing about me?"
[Translated block]


"Goald!" 

Seeing his old temperament reveal itself, Sein looked back at his party.

"It's starting! Everyone get ready!"

Miro shouted.

"Wait a minute!"

As Goald's air press crushed the atmosphere, the ground shook up and down like a rubber sheet.

"Ughhhhhhh!"

Blood flowed from Goald's eyes as he curled his ten fingers and screamed.

"That, that is……."

Kangnan's face turned pale at the sight of Nane, who couldn't move under the pressure of the atmosphere.

'How painful must it be?'

Pain 1 trillion times.

The second time Goald returned from hell, his strength was much higher than before.

'This kind of pain?'

Nane's eyes were filled with strangeness.

'But why doesn't he die?'

Zulu said.

"He should have died already. But Goald didn't die. Once that happens……."

It just happened.

"So now he can't even die."

Goald, whose hair had turned white, approached Nane with tears of blood.

"Do you want me to tell you what real pain is?"

He was out of his mind.

"You can't stand it. You just have to take it."

"Sermon, break."

The sword of light born above Nane's head shook the atmosphere, which had hardened like steel.

"No! Quickly Goald……!"

Just as Miro was shouting.

"All you can do is scream pitifully trapped in a narrow body. But you……."

Unable to bear the pain, Goald stomped on the ground with both legs.

"Tell me about the pain!"

Pain 10 trillion times.

"Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!"

Pain 100 trillion times.

"Foolish sentient being!"

Nane raised the power of the sermon to its limit.

"I will erase your pain!"

"Ughhhhhhh! Ughhhhhhh!"

All that was left in his mind was the thought that it hurt.

'Pain 1 quadrillion times! 10 quadrillion times! 100 quadrillion times! Damn it!'

Where in the world is that?

'No matter how much it hurts…….'

How would anyone else feel that?

The greatest pain in the world is the pain one suffers, and therefore, the weight of pain is the same for everyone.

'But I still live.'

Even knowing that it will never change, maybe tomorrow will be a better day than today.

'Grinding my teeth!'

Wanting to live to the end is life.

"Just because you've done some trivial asceticism……."

Only Goald could utter those words.

"Talking about other people's pain!"

Pain 1 quintillion times.

First of all, dozens of high peaks around him collapsed as if they were pouring down to the horizon.

'Ah, I see.'

In the moment when astronomical friction was at work, Nane realized.

'So that's why I couldn't cry.'

In the time when the high heat that melts any substance expands the atmosphere, tears flowed down Nane's cheeks.

Kwaaaaaaaaang!

The sky exploded.

"Kyaaaaaaaa!"

The cry of Taesung echoed in the land of the earth.

'Another one has surpassed ten thousand.'

Even with her eyes wide open in shock, many thoughts crossed her mind.

'The one who breaks the balance of the world…….'

In the end, it's human.

The holy land of the monk disappeared from the map.

"In the world……."

Looking down, Shura saw that the sky was like a hole scooped out with a spoon by a god.

Kangnan coughed as he sucked in the heat.

"Cough! Cough!"

If Miro hadn't poured out all his mental strength to keep it from rising, it would have all melted.

"Is he alive?"

Zulu pointed to the middle of the pit.

"He's there."

The faces of those who looked at the ground hardened.

"Nane, Nane is……."

Goald looked down at the spot where Nane was vomiting blood non-stop.
[Translated block]
"Did he fall?"

Even after seeing it with his own eyes, he couldn't fully grasp the reality. Only Miro faced the truth.

'Gaold, you...'

He had defeated Buddha.

(End of Volume 31)
[Translated block]