


[762] Lord of Destruction (1)

Minerva, flying towards the entrance of the palace, looked back at Shironne and asked, "Did I win?"

Jet arrived first, but Shironne was already fully focused on the battle.

"I'll take the lead."

"Suit yourself. But it won't be easy to go."

Without answering, Shironne, who fluttered her wings, moved away towards the end of the palace, and Minerva landed at the entrance.

As soon as she pulled out Jet, who was stuck diagonally, a terrifying poison spread from her body.

"Well, shall we start cleaning?"

Through the poison, demons boasting two meters of muscle surrounded her.

"Chew it raw!"

Even as their flesh rotted, the demons were fearless, and that's why the army of 8 million was the strongest of 8 million.

'Honestly, I'm a little shaky.'

A stiff smile formed on Minerva's lips.

The area of the palace, soaked with the dictator's greed, was one of the largest in the world.

Ignoring all the demons wriggling on the ground, Shironne headed for the leader's palace.

'I have no choice but to catch the captain.'

8 million.

It's easy to say, but how many humans can accurately imagine an army of 8 million?

Moreover, those on the ground now were demons with far greater power than the average human.

'Maybe from the beginning......'

Suddenly, she thought.

'Wasn't it a war that couldn't be won?'

The fact that Satan's army was 2 billion meant that if one demon killed two humans, the entire world population would be annihilated.

It was horrifying to think what would have happened if Zion had not reduced the psychic sphere.

"What's that?"

Shironne saw ominous flames flickering from the sky on the other side of her flight path.

"Grrrrrr."

As space opened, a face that looked like it had been eaten by bugs revealed itself in the real world.

Reno, the captain.

A demon transporting the army of hell, capable of holding four hundred demons in his mouth.

"Yahweh......!"

Seeing the wriggling demons in his open mouth, Shironne's face twisted.

'Rage!'

As the curtain of light exploded, it penetrated into the mouth, and the screams of the demons deafened the ears.

"Kiyaaaaaaaa!"

The sight filled with flesh and blood suddenly opened and the demons exploded like fireworks.

Remaining troops, 7,999,231.

……It's endless.

In an instant, 400 demons were disintegrated in mid-air, but no demon felt a sense of loss.

'It's boring......'

Yahweh loves all things that exist and transcends good and evil, but......

There is no mercy for demons.

'Ataraxia!'

As a giant halo was born, dazzling information began to pour out like crazy.

As soon as the magic circle was completed, Shironne aimed at the ground and fired a photon cannon.

Grrrrrrrr!

As the air roared, a flash of light several tens of meters in diameter struck down in a straight line, scraping the ground.

"Kuaaaaaaaaa!"

Demons, far stronger than humans, flew in all directions, but they couldn't surpass Shironne's scale.

273, 398, 113, 198...... The average number of demons dying per second was about 200.

By the time the amplification of the flash ended, the casualties of the demons exceeded 2,000, and Sodas, the brigade commander, looked up at the sky.

"Beautiful......"

Remaining troops, 7,996,973.

"I'm really going crazy."

Shironne made a bored face.

She didn't feel like it was decreasing, and feeling the overwhelming power of the number of troops she had actually experienced, she was worried about Minerva.

She looked back at the entrance of the palace, but all she could see were the bodies of demons of different heights.

There were some over 10 meters tall.

'Can I really do it?'

Just as Shironne was lost in thought, the 44th Brigade of the 7th Division of the 24th Army all at once looked up at the sky.

"There's Yahweh up there! Shoot!"
[Translated block]


The hairless, snub-nosed fish opened their mouths wide enough to dislocate their jaws, and waste was fired in a parabolic trajectory.

"Destroy the devil!"

As Yahweh's light expanded in the form of a spirit zone, the toxic waste turned into ash.

Minerva was worried.

"Just once, just once."

The limit of quantum superposition that Shirone, who has reached the realm of Yahweh, can unfold at the same time is 100,000.

"It's not enough."

If they all cast the angel's punishment, the power of the army will finally be seen to weaken.

"Just for a moment."

The problem is that the safety of the main body performing quantum superposition cannot be guaranteed, but Minerva could not hold on for long anyway.

"Quantum Superposition!"

100,000 overlaps.

The moment the mind spun, Shirone's body fell to the ground at a terrifying speed.

The magic that the main body can do is just to prevent the impact of landing.

"Now!"

100,000 Shirone turned into a flash and soared into the sky, igniting the incarnation of the archangel.

At the same time, Legionnaire Sodas hugged Shirone's main body.

"I got it!"

Incarnation Technique-Angel's Punishment.

Remaining troops, 5,668,227.

All the devils lost their hearing as if a shower of light was falling and the palace was decorated.

Remaining troops, 4,340,976.

I couldn't tell how loud the noise was, I just realized that a disaster-like shock occurred on the ground.

Remaining troops, 3,365,763.

"Kuaaaa!"

The number of deaths decreased as the cycle progressed, but there was already a space like circular alopecia in the square.

"Kuk!"

When Sodas strangled Shirone's neck with both hands, 100,000 Shirone stopped firing at the same time.

'He aimed exactly at the gap.'

It wasn't that he didn't detect the approach in the spirit zone, but the speed of thought couldn't keep up.

'He's strong.'

And it was beautiful.

It was so pure that I couldn't think of it as a devil, and the skin smelled fresh like fruit.

"What are you doing? Keep going."

Shirone frowned.

"......What?"

Sodas completely adhered to her body and ran her hand down her chest.

"I'll protect you, so kill them all."

It was suspicious what kind of scheme it was this time, but there was no shake in Sodas' eyes.

"I won't be able to handle the legionnaire anyway, and the rest will be reborn anyway."

As long as humans do not give up the devil, it will be.

"But they're your subordinates."

Tears flowed from Sodas' pupils.

"In fact, I... want to repent. I hate living as a devil now. So please... give me a chance too...."

'He always says that.'

But Igor said this.

-There are not no devils who repent.

"If this is the last time. If you can purify my dirty body with your light, maybe I...."

Sodas' pupils went up.

"Ah, this is the body of Yahweh...."

The hand that Sodas put down and the hand that Sodas put strength into to break Shirone's neck was the right hand holding the neck.

'Die!'

At that moment.

"Heuk!"

Yahweh's light spread and the hand holding the neck began to turn into ash and scatter.

"Heuuuuuk!"

Quantum superposition has already been released.

"Again...."

Sodas, who was suffering, looked down with difficulty at Shirone's voice.

"You lied."

Who in the world would believe a 20-time repeat offender?

'Does the devil repent?'

Parents believe.

If you cry and beg, saying, "Mom, I won't do it again," whether you're a 20-time repeat offender or a 200-time repeat offender, you have to believe.

'I can change, this time is real....'

That's why Shirone, a painful child of a human who can never change, was rather sad while exterminating the devil.
[Translated block]


"It's not."

Sodas, looking down at Shirone with sorrowful eyes, stroked his face with a hand that was turning into ash.

"I really tried to repent."

"Ah!"

As the light of Yahweh spread, Sodas and all the demons around him were burned.

"Huh! Huh!"

Even while stabilizing his mind with the breathing method of the void, the enemies were endlessly rushing in.

"Can you do it?"

When Shirone, who had knelt down, looked back, Minerva had already arrived behind him.

She also looked tired, and her clothes torn by the demons were ragged.

The sense of a superqualia can handle the mind like a material, and Shirone regained stability in an instant.

"So far. How about you, Minerva?"

"I'm also... so-so."

It was not time to fight.

"Please protect me. If I activate Quantum Superposition again and sweep away the demons...."

"It's useless. Don't you still understand? The light of Yahweh is a powerful weapon against demons...."

Minerva pointed her pipe forward.

"But that's because the demons are non-physical. They will be hit, but it's just a matter of time, there's no end to killing them."

"So you're saying leave them alone?"

"No."

Minerva said, spewing green smoke.

"There's a more constructive way."

Shirone, who had blocked the incoming smoke, inflicted the punishment of the angel on the enemies around him.

"What are you going to do?"

Remaining troops, 3,363,305.

"I'm going to use a forbidden spell."

Shirone was already anxious.

"If it's forbidden, you have to keep it. What kind of forbidden spell can you use so easily?"

"The Integrated Universe Management Bureau will take responsibility. Even if you don't believe me, it's terrible if you're Taesung. Instead, I'll give you three wishes."

"It's not negotiable."

"Is that so?"

Minerva sucked in the smoke deeply.

"Then be punished."

Disaster Magic - Walking Dead.

As she moved her head from left to right, puffing up her cheeks and exhaling, green smoke rose like a cloud.

"What the hell are you...."

"I've already committed."

At Minerva's words, Shirone, who had finished judging the situation, quickly looked around.

"Grrr.... Ahhhhh!"

Dozens of demons who smelled the smoke stood stupidly with their eyes rolled back for a moment, then suddenly became violent.

But their target was not Minerva, but the demons next to them.

"What the hell is this...."

Minerva explained.

"A spell of fratricide, Walking Dead. If you get addicted, you only have hostility towards your own kind. There's no consciousness, but they don't die unless their heads fly off."

"Walking Dead."

It was the name of a terrible disaster recorded in history books.

"That's right. And the real horror of this masterpiece is...."

Minerva said, showing her vitality.

"It's an infection."

Number of infected: 48.

"Grrr.... Ahhhhh!"

A demon bitten by a demon flipped his eyes and bit another demon next to him.

Number of infected: 127.

"Follow me. We will enter the leader's palace as it is."

As the demons began to attack their allies, the gap in the open space began to gradually widen around Minerva.

"You idiot! Why are you biting us!"

Number of infected: 897.

Shirone stared blankly at the back of the great witch walking along the path that was naturally widening.

'Mirac Minerva.'

One of the five stars of the Human Safety Enforcement Bureau, but perhaps she was the walking disaster.

"Demons who side with humans are not demons!"

Number of infected: 2,483.

"Hehe, will it be that easy?"

The power of infection is maximized in areas with high population density.

"Ah! No! Rather kill me!"

The worst flame that had already driven humanity to the brink of extinction before Nane was spreading in the palace of the leader.

Number of infected: 6,323.

"Come on. This is not the time to fight."

Number of infected: 2,483.

"Haha, will it be that easy?"

The power of infection is maximized in areas with high population density.

"Ah! No! Rather kill me!"

The worst flame that had already driven humanity to the brink of extinction before Nane was spreading in the palace of the leader.

Number of infected: 6,323.
[Translated block]