


[454] The Beginning of Change (6)

Flash! The sky lit up like daytime as 10 people cast teleportation at the same time.

'Runaway Evolution!'

The insect magic of Beam, Cragus, covered Gauld.

Its basic shape was a mantis with a height of 2 meters. It was a killing weapon with 11 characteristics of poisonous insects.

Pwoo!

After Gastan, flames burst and various venomous saliva splashed.

Rose's pheromones were applied, so the power increased several times, and Black, who was in charge of crowd control, cast petrification magic on Gauld's legs.

The curse magic Influenza was applied to Gauld, and Rider of the Iron Wall blocked all the radius where Gauld could move.

Cragus' murderous gas filled the enclosed space and obscured the view.

Gauld probably didn't think that there was another person in the highly toxic gas chamber besides himself.

The protagonist was a carnivore poisoner, Benefice.

'Just once, just bite it.'

Benefice's flesh began to rot.

He had already poisoned his liver and wouldn't live for another 20 minutes, but he was the only one among the team members who had the ability to avoid the mage's empathy.

'Show me your skills quickly, you bastard.'

Once magic is cast, it becomes a phenomenon and affects the caster as well.

But why is Gauld safe from air pressure?

It was because he cast magic outside his own range, and Benefice was aiming for that moment.

"Kkkk, my blood is boiling for the first time in a while?"

As soon as Gauld's voice was heard, an enormous atmospheric pressure crushed the entire space.

Kieeeeek!

Cragus exploded flat and even the gas settled on the ground.

As if wiping frosty glass, Benefice rushed behind Gauld's shoulder in a clean landscape.

'Now!'

Snap! As soon as his teeth stuck into his shoulder, the remaining 20 people moved at the same time.

'Eat!'

At that moment, Gauld's mouth rose to his ears.

"Kuk!"

Uddeuk!

Regardless of his will, Benefice's jaw closed to the end. And before the bitten flesh went down his throat, his neck below rotated quickly.

Uddeudeudeuk! Puck!

His body fell off, and only Benefice's face remained on Gauld's shoulder.

Gauld grabbed his bald head and tore off his face and threw it on the ground.

"One."

Only filled with afterimages in the landscape, Gauld wickedly raised his mouth.

Cage B remaining personnel, 20 people.

* * *

"Gauld was..."

Sein cut off his words.

"He was the most gentle and stupid person I knew among them. He had a gentle nature. He received Yor's original faith, but even if he hadn't, he would have been the same."

Religion does not represent human nature.

Sirone knew many people who oppressed humans in the name of religion.

"Gauld liked flowers."

"Pfft!"

Flu couldn't help but laugh.

"Oh, I'm sorry."

"He liked gardening. When his grades were bad in graduation class, he always went to the garden and planted flowers."

Gangnan's eyes became gloomy.

She didn't know Gauld from her school days, but she had many memories of him too.

Sein's gaze turned to the night sky.

"The only thing I could admit was that he was stubborn enough to be stupid. He never cast an attack magic even though he came to graduation class at magic school."

"Gauld defeat. 3 points deducted. Sein victory. 3 points added."

After the graduation class flower-like one-on-one battle ended, Gauld gritted his teeth.

Sein thought that it was ridiculous.

Honestly, he wasn't good at magic. The only thing he could use well was air-based magic, which could be said to be the basis of omnipotence.

In such a situation, if you only defend with non-combat magic, who can you beat?

"You don't have to feel wronged. Even if you cast an attack magic, you wouldn't have been my match."
[Translated block]


"Hmph, I'm not angry because I lost. I'm lamenting because I couldn't prove my faith."

Sain sighed.

The magic that Gaold was best at was air press. Frankly speaking, it was a skill that was hard to call a skill, just a technique that increased the air pressure to protect himself.

If he could hold on for 10 minutes, it would be a draw.

The only victory Gaold wanted was that.

'Stupid. There are people who try to win by any means and methods.'

Gaold will not graduate.

Because Sain was the epitome of illogical thinking that he hated the most in the world.

Then one day.

"Hi? Long time no see. Are you still getting along well?"

Miro approached them when they were having a religious debate.

The extraordinary event on the first day became an opportunity for the three of them to hang out often in the graduating class.

They were all people with unusual personalities, but they formed a strange golden balance even in precarious situations.

However, Miro had been taking a lot of school breaks lately.

It wasn't against the rules, but Sain was frustrated because he couldn't figure out what she was doing around.

"Are you getting along? Me and this kid?"

Sain was annoyed, while Gaold greeted her with a smile on his face.

"Hi? Where did you go this time?"

"Oh, I was busy. I was called around here and there."

Miro's skin was scorched.

Since it wasn't a time when the sun was strong yet, Sain guessed that she had gone outside of Torumia.

"Haha! Yeah, it must have been fun."

Gaold just liked Miro.

After becoming friends with her, he learned that she had much more talent than he thought.

A person who broke through the 7th level for the first time in school history in last year's survival test.

But the real reason he liked her was because of her open-minded thinking.

"Oh, yeah. Miro, listen to me. Is it really strange logic that God knows love?"

"God doesn't know love. Love is an utterly human emotion. If God exists, he would be a being with feelings and thoughts completely different from what we know."

Gaold didn't give up either.

"Even if that's true, it doesn't fit your definition of God. God is a perfect being and therefore can encompass human emotions. Therefore, it is natural for God to know love."

Gaold looked at Miro.

"What do you think?"

Miro didn't answer for a long time.

It was an unexpected situation for Gaold, who thought she would naturally take his side because she had endlessly free thinking.

"Gaold, there is no God."

"…What?"

"God does not exist. Everything is determined by dimensions. It's just that the topology is divided within the algorithm of dimensions."

Sain also felt strange.

It was the first time she had made a definitive statement about something, especially something metaphysical like this.

"What are you talking about!"

Gaold felt betrayed.

Even if everyone denied God, Miro shouldn't have done that.

Because....

"Dimensions determine? Miro, you haven't opened all dimensions either. How can you say that?"

Miro smiled bitterly.

It was later that he guessed that she had met Gepin around this time.

"Yeah! No one knows! Sorry. Let's stop talking about this and eat something. I'm hungry, who will buy me food?"

"I'm done! I'll go back."

Gaold left his seat as he couldn't calm down his anger. Miro pouted her lips.

"What? Are you mad? Anyway, timid."

He's nice because he has a good heart, but the problem is that he's narrow-minded.

Maybe it's because he's tender-hearted, but Miro felt sorry for him and didn't feel good.

"Hey, you."

Sain said.

"For the first time, I like you."

Miro sighed and lost focus in her eyes.


---

I'm glad you asked me to translate this text. It seems like an interesting story. What is it about? Is it a novel or a webtoon? Who are your favorite characters?
[Translated block]


```
As in any school, the infamous survival test day came to Alpheus Magic School.

The 30 graduating students divided into teams, and the ratio was 29 to 1. It was no surprise that they wanted to at least break even after Miro passed the seventh stage last year.

The really surprising thing was that Gaold gave up on that break-even.

When Gaold stubbornly stood on the red team, Sein was annoyed just by looking at him.

Of course, he thought Gaold could stand out in the survival test.

He was a true believer, and at least he had patience that even Sein had to admit.

But there are situations where patience doesn't work.

There was no student who could catch up with Miro's level, which was already recognized by the kingdom's pros.

"Gaold, are you really okay?"

Some students asked with concern.

It was a kind of favor as his skills were not enough to be called a rival, but his personality was good, but Gaold was firm.

"Hmph, I will never be on the same side as someone who changes their words like a bat."

Miro smiled broadly at Gaold's sharp gaze.

"Hohoho! Good, I'll show you the spicy taste of this genius girl."

"Eek!"

Gaold gritted his teeth.

It was so mean that he could die after hurting someone's heart and being so confident.

The survival test began and a gruesome hell unfolded step by step.

As people bounced out of the virtual zone, they crossed the threshold and entered the fifth stage.

When he brought up the story of bouncing out of the fifth stage 'Torture' to Shirone's party, Sein hesitated for a moment.

But he thought that Servant, who was focused on logic, saw the possibility of Equilibrium, which manipulates both emotion and reason, just by crossing the threshold.

And Gaold was... surprisingly entered the sixth stage 'Superheat'. It was an achievement that even the graduating students could not believe.

"O Lord, sacrifice this lamb and save everyone. Love and peace in the world."

In the fire hell, Gaold knelt down and prayed with his fingers clasped.

A terrible heat leaked out between his teeth and juice flowed from his eyes instead of tears, but there was no sign of stopping the prayer.

He couldn't lose.

It was impossible to surrender in a survival test that he participated in in God's name.

The teachers watching with vision sweated coldly.

Gaold's physical condition in reality was strange. He should have bounced out of his mind by now, but he didn't understand how he could endure it.

"Just give up, Gaold. You're really going to die like this."

Miro said calmly.

Even in the superheat hell, her expression was only calm.

"O Lord, please burn me... burn me..."

Miro couldn't leave Gaold alone.

If his body burned completely and disappeared, his mind would leave his body as well.

"Why are you doing this? This is just a magic school test. What are you trying to prove God's existence here?"

Gaold finally opened his eyes.

"I'm not trying to prove God. I can endure it because God is in me."

Miro breathed hotly.

How can people be so clogged up even if they are blocked?

"And..."

Gaold added a word.

"I don't want to lose to you."

Miro understood.

Not only Gaold, but there were countless magicians who longed to defeat her in the world.

"I get it. But you don't have to do this. The survival test is not everything. You can work harder and beat me at the graduation test."

Gaold closed his eyes again.

"O Lord, I believe in your infinite power of love. To me..."

"Why are you doing this!"

Miro grabbed Gaold's collar and lifted him up.

Just by doing that, Gaold's body twitched in reality.

"You're going to get criticized anyway! Whether God exists or not, is it so important to you that you risk your life just because I said one word? Do you want to make me feel guilty by dying? Then you're mistaken. I will never..."
```

Do you want me to continue writing more?
[Translated block]
"Because I like you."

Miro's words stopped.

All the students who were watching through the vision opened their mouths. Only Sein was watching with a serious expression.

"What, what did you say?"

Miro asked incredulously.

Gaold knew that everyone was watching, but he was not the type to circumvent any situation.

"I said I like you. So I want you to understand me. I want you to say that I'm right."

Miro let go of the hand that was holding his collar. He had nothing to say to the confession he heard in hell.

"So... you want to date me?"

Gaold nodded his head.

His eyes sparkled with passion and enthusiasm, but Miro simply spat out as usual.

"But I don't like you?"

Bang!

A hot blast exploded outside Gaold's head, and he lost consciousness.

That's how Gaold was eliminated from the survival test, and Sein recalled that day and said this.

"In a way, Gaold saved face. He didn't fail because of his religious beliefs. But he became the biggest idiot. He laughed at everyone he met. He's the first man to be kicked out of hell."

In the end, Gaold's love was mercilessly kicked by Miro.

But Sein added a word before moving on to the most important event.

Actually... I still don't know.
[Translated block]