


[434] Opportunity for Revenge (6)

One of the eight slots in the fusion machine was filled with Izermon's plasma.

The remaining slots were seven.

Leysis planned to combine the traits of another creature, Voltum, Grabber, and Riston, to enhance Izermon's anti-thesis ability.

Voltum, which looked like a mosquito enlarged a thousand times, had a unique trait of 'blood adhesion', which made it feel close to the target it sucked blood from.

It was speculated to be a psychological mechanism evolved to suppress hemolysis, and in the laboratory, this characteristic was used as a tool to subjugate creatures.

"I will pour Voltum's plasma."

When Grabber's plasma with self-levitation ability and Riston's plasma that increased the activity of living things were poured, four kinds of creatures waited to be mixed in the fusion machine.

Unlike Ilhwa's alcohol, a main type had to be set to draw out unique traits, and currently the main was Izermon and the three subtypes would enhance the anti-thesis.

"Then I'll start."

As soon as the button was pressed, the four kinds of plasma that had filled half of the glass ball were sucked into the glass tube in the center.

As electricity flowed into the vacuum inside, the liquid began to boil.

"Wow!"

It was an amazing scene no matter how many times he saw it.

They were researchers who once felt repulsion for inhuman biological experiments, but at this moment they could not ignore the joy of creating life with their own hands.

As electricity was discharged into the glass tube, a powerful white light spread out enough to blind them.

Everyone turned their heads while Leysis watched the changes inside the glass tube with ecstatic eyes.

A new species was born and the glass tube was divided into four and fell to the floor.

"It's a success!"

The researchers felt awe at the completely different shape of the creature that went against their predictions.

It was a giant eyeball with a diameter of one meter, and a thin epidermis that wrapped around the surface like an eyelid.

At the place where the optic nerve would be connected if it were an eye, dark red tentacles stretched out long and fluttered like tails.

Biological weapon-Akamai (prototype)

A cold chill ran through the laboratory.

Could this be called a living thing?

They looked at something organic that was completely unrelated to environmental factors and only suited human purposes, and they thought that nothing should happen in this world.

"Ha ha ha."

Leysis's red lips parted slightly.

How beautiful is this shape?

God gave living things infinite possibilities for change.

"Huh!"

Leysis's face twisted with ecstasy.

The red cloak fluttered and something inside wriggled roughly.

The biologist approached with a frightened expression.

"Commander, you have to contract now...."

Leysis quickly fixed his expression.

It was unpleasant as if his intestines were sticking out, but fortunately it soon seeped back into his body.

"That's right, I almost forgot."

Leysis scratched his wrist with his nails and gave Akamai his blood.

Thud. Thud.

The blood that fell on the epidermis was absorbed and Akamai's large pupil narrowed sharply.

Then he looked at Leysis with affection and blinked his eyelids a few times.

Voltum's blood adhesion was completed.

"Is it successful?"

"Of course. He became my loyal servant. Then shall we try it for real now? Bring me Shiroene's clone."

When a researcher contacted underground, the floor cracked and Shiroene's clone came up on an elevator.

Shiroene's brain is currently empty.

He was just like an animal with only basic desires such as eating and breeding left.

The researchers put a device that they lied about as a brain wave test on his eyes and shot light, and memory patterns were transmitted through the retina.

It was similar to what Arcane and Alpheus had jointly researched.

However, the failure factor was also the same, so clones who received memory injections soon died of mental collapse.
[Translated block]
Of course, it was a matter of no concern to Laysis.

All she had to do was swallow it whole when Shirone absorbed all the traits of the creature.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwakwang!

A frenzy was cast from the bed where Shirone was lying.

The researchers who were swept away by the shockwave flew out, and Shirone's body leaped out like a wild beast and found a safe zone.

'What? Where is this?'

Shirone moved her eyes left and right to collect information.

Laboratory. Laysis. Strange devices I've never seen before.

The situation still doesn't make sense.

I was lying next to Flu and getting a brainwave test, but suddenly it was this place.

"What did you do to me?"

"Um, well?"

Laysis tapped her lips.

"I'd like to explain, but I won't. I have a feeling I'll have to say the same thing a lot in the future."

Laysis snapped her fingers and Akamai, who was floating in the air, activated the anti-thesis.

"Kruk!"

As if the atmosphere had turned into solid iron, Shirone couldn't move a finger.

"This, this is...?"

"I'm sorry. You have to have intelligence to use Nephilim's ability. It'll be over soon."

Immortal function started from insight, which was impossible for clones who only had animal instincts left.

Shirone gritted her teeth.

Isn't that too happy a look for someone who said they were sorry?

Shirone, who was caught by Akamai, was moved in that state and entered the glass sphere of the Fuzix machine.

Unlike body experiments, they had to check for mental changes, so it was effective to put them in whole and melt them directly.

"Commander, what do you combine it with?"

A Nephilim with 100 percent affinity could easily embrace any creature's personality.

And to verify that, it was best to have a creature with advanced functions as possible.

"Synthesize Akamai."

"Huh? But..."

"It doesn't matter. This is also a prototype anyway. It's a golden opportunity to experiment with Shirone's clone."

The biologist obediently followed suit.

The experiment was ready, and plasma rose in the glass sphere where Akamai and Shirone were trapped.

The black liquid passed Shirone's neck and covered her face.

A moment later, the water level dropped and flowed into the central glass tube, and Shirone's appearance disappeared without a trace.

The researchers looked at the glass tube emitting powerful light with tense faces.

Main type Shirone, sub type Akamai.

The two creatures melted perfectly and were born as one creature.

"What, what is this?"

The glass tube separated, and Shirone stood with her eyes closed.

Function combination was central, but mixing two creatures with different shapes should have some change.

The biologist adjusted his glasses and gasped at the unexpected situation.

"This is just a human being? Maybe the experiment failed..."

At that moment, Shirone's eyes opened wide and light burst from her left pupil of different color.

"Aaaah!"

The researchers screamed in a twisted posture as their bones twisted.

Laysis hastily distanced herself and looked pale.

'Did you only absorb the function?'

Only those who have experienced it firsthand know what happens in plasma state.

And Laysis was one of the humans who had experienced the most plasma states in the world.

When you soak in plasma, your thoughts stop. But in the liquid that is integrated into one material, there are countless signals flowing.

'It's an Ultima system.'

Therefore, if you can control the unification signal in plasma state, there is enough possibility to selectively choose function and shape.

'This is dangerous.'

No, it's beautiful.

The ability to have any trait of any creature that exists in the world.

Literally reaching the realm of God.

"What did you do to me?"

Laysis trembled at the corners of her mouth.

Shirone even controlled her consciousness. Akamai had completely surrendered.

'I want it more, that ability.'
[Translated block]


Lacis spread her arms and approached.

"Shirone, let's become one."

Shirone activated the anti-thesis. The powerful binding force stopped Lacis's steps.

But she rather tasted a thrilling pleasure.

It was a powerfulness that was different from the dimension of Ezermon's anti-thesis.

Shirone mercilessly fired the photon cannon.

Lacis hit the wall and the ceiling shook. As flashes of light rained down, dust clouds grew from where she was.

"Ha. Ha."

Breathing roughly, Shirone's eyes shook with shock as she glared at the front.

Half of Lacis's face, which appeared through the smoke, had turned into a hideous monster.

Her eyebrows soared as if to tear her forehead, her pupils were thin like snakes, and she had three times as many teeth as humans between her lips that crossed her lower jaw.

"Kiiii, Shi...rone..."

Shirone got goosebumps at the sound of scraping metal and spread her palm to take out Arman.

'Geumgang armor... huh?'

Shirone realized that she didn't have a cubic.

There was no way someone had taken it out. It was because she had never lost consciousness from the moment she took the brain wave test until now.

'Could it be, I'm not me?'

Shirone quickly retraced the process so far.

She had never lost consciousness, but the process from the brain wave test to here was completely cut off.

The liquid she saw in Ilhwa's alcohol. The change from melting in it to being restructured by the Ultima system.

'I've been cloned!'

She didn't have a cubic because she wasn't the main body. And Lacis is doing some kind of experiment using that.

'Biological bonding similar to Ilhwa's alcohol.'

A strong insight flashed through Shirone's head.

'Arman, if it's Arman...!'

Something swung behind Lacis's cloak and Shirone's neck was separated from her body at the same time.

"Hoohoo."

Lacis quickly collected part of her body.

It was a disgusting shape, but the researchers didn't even show it.

The moment they gave meaning to their bodies, their necks would fly away just like Shirone.

"From now on, double the production of clones. Find out what changes have occurred."

The biologist said anxiously.

"It's too dangerous. Shirone controlled biological bonding. If Commander Lacis is eaten back by any chance, no creature will be able to stop Shirone."

Lacis didn't like that either.

"Experiment with type A only for a while. It's a clone before going to Babel. It should be fine without the Ultima system."

"But in the end, the main body is type B. The danger is still unchanged."

"It doesn't matter. If I set the main type to me, even the Ultima system won't be able to use its power."

According to legend, Ilhwa's alcohol was a magic created to destroy the Ultima system, but it was impossible to guarantee how much of it was true as long as they didn't know where it came from.

Lacis smiled bitterly.

"Even if I get eaten."

"Yes?"

"If Lacis and Shirone become one, it will be something that is neither me nor Shirone. That's enough. If I can become one with Shirone, I won't stop experimenting. Proceed as it is."

Even if he set the main type, what would eventually be born would be a completely new creature.

That's why she didn't care about defining herself with characteristics like that.

But the biologist was still uneasy.

Lacis just thought that it would be enough to mix, but the Ultima system perfectly controlled biological bonding.

And the researchers didn't know anything about how that was possible.

'Yeah, Shirone can't turn things around. At best, she can only become one with Commander Lacis.'

The reason he was still anxious was because of his vast experience in the laboratory for a long time.

Being optimistic that nothing will happen means that you are limited by a narrow frame of information you have.
[Translated block]


Variables are always outside of our awareness, in the unknown. And when something starts to move in that darkness...

'Really, is it okay to proceed like this?'

BioShock happens.
[Translated block]