


[226] 2. Waiting for School to Start (4)

"We lost. Please keep this a secret." 

"Huh? Weren't you the one who said you would crush us and get us expelled?"

The leader of the mercenaries was trembling with humiliation, but he was a realistic person who knew how to face the facts.

He had to endure for the sake of his and his comrades' future.

"I'm sorry! Just help me out this once! You're going to be a mage too, right? You're still my senior, so there's no need to break my rice bowl, right?"

Dante shook his head as if it was not enough.

The mercenaries realized what the boy was asking for and blushed. In the end, even the four people standing behind him bowed politely and apologized.

"Please understand our situation. We have to make a living, don't we?"

Dante finally looked satisfied and tapped the leader's shoulder.

"Don't worry. It was just a free time during the vacation, so I played around a bit. But aren't you too complacent? How did you get your official license?"

At that moment, the door opened and a woman entered. The mercenaries reflexively straightened their backs and pretended nothing had happened.

"Oh my! You're already done. Aww, what a pity."

She was a woman with curly short hair that stuck to her cheeks. Her face was full of mischief and looked like she was in her early twenties, but in fact she was over thirty years old.

"You are... Klein?"

She was a special correspondent who worked in the editorial department of the academic journal under the Teachers' Association. She traveled around the country's magic schools and wrote reports.

Her articles were published in a magazine called <Spirit>, which was distributed to all the magic schools in the country, so it was only a matter of time before she became famous if she got published.

"Wow! You did a great job as expected. Dante, did you create this dismal scene all by yourself?"

Klein showed exaggerated gestures and the photographer who accompanied her snapped a photo with an optical camera.

The mercenaries were at a loss in this embarrassing situation.

For them, <Spirit> magazine was just a memory of their past, but it was also a major magazine that was distributed nationwide. It would be a disgrace to their family if their disgraceful behavior was published as an article.

"No way. How could I defeat them by myself without the help of my seniors? I wanted to do some practical training, so I asked them and they kindly agreed. I learned a lot. Thank you, seniors."

When Dante turned around, the magicians who were second-rate at best quickly fixed their expressions.

"Haha! That's nothing. But you were amazing. You're worthy of being the best star in the kingdom, right?"

Klein turned around with sparkling eyes.

"Oh my! Do you know Dante? You're really different from other promising candidates in the kingdom. You're still a student, but your reputation is spreading among the front-line magicians."

"Of course. I sometimes talk about Dante with my colleagues. I think Dante will become a first-class grand mage someday."

Klein carefully took an interview with the leader.

<Spirit> was originally a popular magazine, but on the day when an article about Dante was published, the sales volume increased by 1.5 times.

Dante's appearance was beautiful enough to capture the hearts of girls and also attracted envious attention from men.

'Oh dear, how cute. You've grown up so well, my Dante.'

Klein had been exclusively interviewing Dante since he was young and could be said to have risen with him. She was currently soaring as the best reporter in the kingdom thanks to Dante.

"Well, now that the interview is over, let's go have some fun. The Teachers' Association will pay for it!"

As Dante left the hideout, a butler who had been waiting outside came up with a box.

"Dante sir, Olivia sent you a parcel."

"My teacher? What's going on all of a sudden?"

"I don't know that either... She just told me to deliver it to you personally."

Even Dante, who was fearless in everything, shut up at Olivia's words. She was his teacher and benefactor who recognized his talent from an early age and enrolled him in the Royal Magic School. Of course, it was the same for his classmates Closer and Sabina.
[Translated block]
Okay. Give it to me.

He tore open the package and a thick application form came out. Dante's brow furrowed as he read each page.

"What is this? It's a transfer application, isn't it?"

Closer and Sabina peeked over his shoulder. His profile was attached, as well as theirs.

Kline clung to him.

"What is it, Dante? Huh? What is it?"

"Um, that's... a transfer application. This time, the teacher said he was temporarily appointed as the principal of some school. He said if we want to study with him, we should come..."

Closer said.

"Then we have to go, of course. How can we not follow him when the teacher goes?"

Sabina said.

"Where is it? The school name is not written?"

"No, Alpheus Magic School. But where is this school attached?"

The students living in Bashka were not interested in local information. Dante and his friends only knew that it was one of the five prestigious schools in the kingdom.

Kline smelled a scoop and his eyes lit up.

"Oh, Alpheus Magic School? And Olivia is the temporary principal? This is a huge event. Alpheus Magic School is ranked fourth in the magic school ranking. It's in Creas City. The most famous graduate is Mikaia Gauld, the current president of the Magic Association."

"Oh, Gauld was from here."

He was indifferent to the fourth rank, but his eyes changed when he heard the name Gauld. If it was a place where one of the five certified first-class great magicians in the kingdom had studied, it seemed that he could at least save face by transferring.

Closer said.

"Let's go. Anyway, school starts nationwide now. We can transfer accordingly."

"That's right. The teacher will also take office then."

Dante took the letter and left the application form to Sabina. He would hear the details when he met him, and now he was just happy that something interesting happened in his dull daily life.

Dante looked at his friends and smiled as he looked at the sunset falling under the mountain.

"It'll be fun, right? Alpheus Magic School."

3. Where is Shirone? (1)

The second half of Alpheus Magic School began.

From morning, there was a crowd of carriages carrying students at the main gate.

Young students accompanied by their parents made a scene of crying because they didn't want to go to school.

On the other hand, adolescent boys crossed the gate with indifferent expressions as if they were ashamed of even receiving their servants' help.

The entrance ceremony was scheduled for 11 am, and the students returned to their dormitories and unpacked their luggage.

Shirone, who arrived early in the morning, also put her books on the shelf and arranged her clothes and necessities.

"Shirone!"

Her friends burst into the door.

"Nade! Iruki!"

Shirone also ran with a big smile. It had been only 30 days apart, but it felt like they hadn't seen each other for a year.

There were so many things that happened. What would they look like if they knew she went to heaven?

They held each other's hands and shouted in unison.

"I had an amazing thing happen!"

And they stared blankly at each other.

They didn't know what had happened, but they could guess that today would be short.

"Okay. Let's make an order. Shirone, you go first."

"Okay. I went to Galliant Island with Amy..."

Suddenly Nade grabbed her by the collar.

"What! Then... you mean... that... Damn it! You traitor! I'm jealous!"

Shirone's face turned red.

"No! That's not it, listen to me."

"Ugh! No way. I thought I would be faster than Shirone even though I'm a virgin. How..."

Nade was on the verge of losing her mind.

Even Iruki's pupils were shaking, which seemed to be a big dilemma for men about that problem.

Shirone drew a clear line after making sure it wasn't true before she could start talking.

An hour flew by. But no one knew that time had passed so much.
[Translated block]


```
"Wow. You really... had a close call. That was a very dangerous situation."

"That's true, but the final war, you know. It's like, so serious that it doesn't sound serious at all."

The impression of heaven was so strong that Nade and Iruki were lost in thought for a long time.

On the other hand, Shirone, who had relieved his mind by telling everything, wanted to hear how his other friends had been doing.

"Now it's your turn. What amazing things happened during the vacation?"

The two looked at each other and Iruki spoke first.

"I ate ice cream that tasted like shrimp."

"A spider as big as a fist came out in my workshop."

"Haha! You really had fun."

It was funny just to imagine. Ice cream that tasted like shrimp. And thinking of a spider as big as a fist in front of your eyes gave him goosebumps.

"Damn it!"

Nade pushed Shirone's cheek with his palm.

"Ouch! Why are you doing that?"

"You had an exciting vacation by yourself! And with the very pretty Amy senior!"

"I almost died, you know! And what's with the very pretty Amy? How childish! Ouch!"

While Nade pushed Shirone's face again, Iruki was regretting and hitting the ground.

"It's really a shame. I should have pretended to be crazy and gone back home. I'm curious about the magic called Ataraxia or something. Can you show me once?"

"Huh? Ataraxia?"

He could demonstrate it anytime, but the situation was not favorable. It was a problem that his mental power was exhausted, and if he cast it in a place where people were, it would only complicate things.

"I'd like to, but next time. I'll show you when I have a chance."

"Really? Are you saving it? Okay, then I'll also hide my new magic for a while."

Shirone's eyes sparkled at the word new magic. If it was Iruki with servant syndrome, his new magic would also be different from what ordinary students learned.

"What is it? Huh? What kind of magic is it?"

"It's a secret. If I give you a hint, it's a secret weapon that can beat you."

Iruki said that and looked at Nade and asked.

"By the way, how about you? You didn't just play during the vacation, did you?"

"Oh, I was busy like crazy. I've been studying alchemy lately. You know, I wanted to strengthen some magic that I need in that field."

Alchemy was also a big branch of magic, but it was not a field taught at magic school. Alchemy was a huge subject and the Alchemy Foundation was separately cultivating alchemists.

Iruki was worried. In the end, Nade focused on something unrelated to the class during the vacation.

"Are you okay? If you want to be a magical engineer, a magician's license would be more advantageous."

"Of course, but I also want to learn material science. Function starts from form, and form starts from essence. I think I need to know the basics of alchemy."

The voice of the dean came from the hallway.

"The entrance ceremony will begin. Students, please gather at the central event hall."

@

Students from class one to class ten gathered at the training ground.

Shirone looked for Alpheus on the stage, but for some reason he wasn't there.

"Huh? Where is the principal teacher?"

"Six months suspension. A temporary principal teacher will come today. I don't know who it is, but I hope he or she will only make us study moderately."

Nade closed his eyes and prayed. He dreamed of becoming a magical engineer, but he had to graduate from magic school first. It was not pleasant for him if the classes became harder.

There was a murmur here and there when the new principal appeared on the stage.

Iruki's face became serious.

"Oh no... Of all people, that person is the principal."

"Huh? Do you know who he is?"

"Jerome Olivia. He used to be the principal of the Royal Magic School. He's probably a second-class master magician."

Shirone looked closely at Olivia. He looked much younger than his age and more than anything he was beautiful. There were teachers on both sides, but they all looked nervous.

'He's an amazing person. The principal of the Royal Magic School...'

```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you
[Translated block]


Olivia waited until the students' murmurs died down before starting her speech.

"Hello. I'm Jerome Olivia, the new principal for this semester. I'm only temporary, but I promise to do my best to teach the students during my term."
[Translated block]