


Law Murder (4)

Natasha's temperament changed.

'Is it a fire spell?'

A black hooded skull's upper body flickered like a phantom above her head.

She stretched out her ten fingers as if playing a keyboard, and dozens of steel wires connected to her joints were connected to Natasha.

'I see.'

I don't know what ability it is.

"Are you also a human?"

Natasha smiled with madness.

"Let go! Let me go!"

Natasha, Gustav's genius dancer, was kidnapped by thugs one day.

"Who ordered you, these bastards! Is it all Daphne?"

Daphne, the second in the dance world, but the gap in skill was so great that she couldn't be called a rival.

"Shut up! Nothing changes even if you know!"

Natasha's schema was perfect in art, and her mind was the extreme of eccentricity beyond the normal range.

"Tie her up quickly! Before the security guards rush in!"

The thugs laid Natasha down on a long desk and restrained her limbs with iron chains.

"What are you going to do? Are you going to peel off my butt?"

One of the thugs pulled out an iron club.

"Do it, do it now?"

When his colleague nodded, he screamed and hit Natasha's spine with all his might.

Even then, Natasha's eyes were narrowed, and the dull sound was transmitted through the bones.

"She's a tough woman. She doesn't even scream." As she felt the sensation of her lower body fading, Natasha lifted her sweaty face.

"It hurts to death, how can I scream!"

"Shut up!"

The iron club hit her waist again, and sparks flew in Natasha's eyes.

"Ugh!"

The thug's face was also soaked with sweat.

"Damn! Why doesn't it break?" Natasha, who was about to break her neck, twisted her head and shouted.

"You idiot! If you're going to do it, finish it in one shot! What are you doing!"

"Ugh! Die!" The thug hit her waist again and again, but his momentum was already broken and he didn't have enough strength.

"Ugh! It's annoying!"

Natasha, who was crying in pain, pulled the iron chain wrapped around her wrist.

"In front of a woman's butt, you can't even swing a club properly! Are you impotent?"

At her mockery, the thug who had regained his senses clenched his teeth and swung his arm vertically.

"Kuk
[Translated block]


"Hmm."

A mournful sigh leaked from the mouth of Uorin, who was tilting a glass of alcohol alone on an ambitious night.

"Wow, it looks like this."

Nata Sha, who cut the belly of the fallen Crouch, was looking at the complex machinery inside.

Black oil flowed instead of blood.

"It's tasteless."

The maid who was patrolling was surprised at the sight of Natasha, who tasted it with her hand and frowned.

"Kyak! What, what is it?"

"Yeah, I'm here. Clean this up. Throw it in the trash."

The maid raised her head.

"Huh? Trash?"

"It's broken. It doesn't work even if I try to fix it."

Natasha, who was about to leave her seat and leave it to the maid, suddenly stopped walking.

"That's right, I told you to find out who sent it."

Her shoulders rose up.

"What if anyone does?" "Kkung, why is this so heavy?" The porters moved the bag with a groan.

"There are all kinds of creepy dolls. I saw it for a moment earlier, and it seemed really alive. What the hell is it?"

"Don't mind, if you want to last long. You'll go crazy if you're interested in what's happening in the palace."

The porters, who were shaking the bag like a swing, threw the doll over the wall at the signal.

"Hoo, let's go." Even as the porters walked away, there was no movement in the bag.

The squirming movement began to appear on the day of Habitz and Abella's wedding.

"Damn it."

Crouch, who grabbed the hair of his face, got up as the bag was torn long.

'It's strong. It won't be easy to blow.' Although he is not a star who relies on power like a hitman, his pride as the best in the industry was shattered.

'I can't imitate that.'

It was worth losing one life just to realize Natasha's power.

'The important thing is the initialization of the "Law Murder".'

It was impossible to use Katenia because Balkan was already preparing.

"I have to die."

In order to complete the last mission of life, Crouch jumped over the wall.

The most splendid wedding in the Gustav Empire was held in the garden of Marsak.

There were 10,000 guests alone, and gold and treasures filled the warehouse of the palace.

Gustav paid in gold.

"Hey, Natasha."

Balkan personally visited and found Natasha on the way back after the wedding.

"Assassin, are you sure you're done?"

"Yeah. I cut off my neck. I also opened my stomach and checked. There's no way I can live. But why?"

"No, just. Because it's an important day." Balkan clenched his jaw.

'It's not an assassin because it's a doll.'

He had heard that there was a sorcery that breathed a soul into a doll in the East.

'Is it Jincheon? I heard that the opponent was quite a bit, but why is there no particular movement?'

There was no particular sign in the crowd.

"Why are you so serious? There are always assassins being hired. If you don't get caught in the military, it's really not there."

"That's not it. The military can't guarantee the existence of flesh, humans."

Zetaro intervened.

"If there is an assassin without flesh in the palace, the military cannot catch it."

Smodo said.

"Anyway, it's the same. An assassin without flesh is not an assassin. The sure thing is that no one is thinking of killing the envoy, right?"

Balkan insisted.

"That's strange. If you're not thinking of killing the envoy, why would you stay in the palace?"

Natasha raised her index finger.

"Assuming that the assassin is staying in the palace is also a hypothesis. I think you're digging too deep."

This time, even Balkan couldn't refute.

"I don't know. It's clear if you look at it simply, but it feels complicated. I feel like I'm missing something."

Zetaro said.

"Because the opponent was a doll. When an unexpected result appears, other thoughts continue to be suspicious."
[Translated block]


"Doll."

Balkan stopped walking.

"Natasha, go to the dump and check again."

"Smudo does it every day. It's just as discarded."

King Smudo.

His 'obsession' detects all kinds of differences except for the same thing.

For example, he realizes that a grasshopper A and a grasshopper B are completely different creatures.

He can also classify 1,000 knives made from the same scrap by characteristics.

"Today is a different day. Let's go check it out together. I'm going to see if there's anything wrong with the message."

"Okay."

Since there was no loss in listening to Balkan's words, the two headed to the dump.

"Hey, Natasha."

On the way, Smudo said.

"Do you want to do it with me tonight?"

Natasha looked back as if surprised.

"You hate doing it with the same woman, don't you?"

"Just... I think I might be lonely."

How upset would Natasha, a woman, be when he, a man, was upset about Habits' marriage?

"Hehe, what? Are you comforting me?"

"We're friends."

"I appreciate the thought, but I'm fine. Smudo won't enjoy it anyway, and I'm a bit like that today."

"Just because Habits loves another woman doesn't mean he's leaving us." Natasha nodded with a bright smile.

"Yeah."

Arriving while chatting, they opened the door to the dump and looked up at the pile of garbage.

"It should be buried around here... Huh?" Seeing the traces of the garbage pile being dug up, Smudo opened his eyes wide and shouted.

"It's different! It's definitely different!"

"...Smudo, I think I know this too."

As if it were a prank on a huge scale, the assassin doll that had been there until yesterday disappeared.

On the way to Habits and Abella's newlywed apartment, Jethro said.

"I understand that you suspect Abella. But if so, it would have already been read by the military."

Alpha Pisces loves Habits.

"I know. The military is certain. But if I hire an assassin, I'll dig into that point."

If the reason the assassin does not reveal his intent is to maintain singularity.

"I want to see His Majesty the Emperor. Please give me a scorpion."

The chamberlain bowed awkwardly.

"I'm sorry, sir. His Majesty said that no one should come in tonight."

"Urgent. Can't you even convey the word?"

The chamberlain had to choose whether to die to Habits or to Balkan.

"You can go through me."

It wasn't a threat, but a sincerity, so Balkan groaned with a troubled expression.

Jethro laughed.

"Kekke! You're getting hot. Well, it's been a long time since you've been waiting for this day, right?" Knowing how strict Habits is about controlling desires, Balkan couldn't ask any more.

"There's nothing we can do. Let's just go drink."

"What if something happens?" Balkan lost his appetite.

"What can we do? It's all up to you."

The laughter of Habits and Abella echoed in the apartment with hundreds of rooms.

"Hahaha! That's right! It used to be like that."

"Back then, you played the role of a monster so well. Is it because you're really a monster?"

"Maybe. Hahaha!"

Habits, drunk, found everything funny and was led by Abella's hand into the room.

Each room had features where you could spend the night, and the room she entered was a place to do perverted acts.

"Do it here?"

"Yes. I've always wanted to try."

From the wedding to the reception, to the newlywed house, everything was according to the script Abella was educated.

"So that's why you didn't let people in."

"Why? Don't you like it?"

"No, I like this kind of thing too. So what should we try first? How about this whip?"

"Hehe, I like it. But I have some preparations before that."

"Preparation?"
[Translated block]
Abella whispered in Habits' arms, "I'm going to tie you up tight." 

[Translated block]