


[536] The Last World (4)

The atmosphere of the temple became heavy.

"Answer me. What did you do to me? What do you mean by slave?"

The magistrate had no combat ability, but he had plenty of powerful warriors who could protect his light power.

"Shingwan, call the guardian of Ra."

Shingwan quickly waved his hands and grabbed codes from different places, then connected them in front of his eyes.

Then, sparks burst from the junction of the codes, and his figure disappeared in an instant.

'So he can do that too.'

Not long after, Shingwan returned, and the door opened with a clank, and four figures entered swiftly like the wind.

"O Ra's avatar, we follow your command."

The magistrate pointed at Shirone and gave an order.

"Execute the heretic who impersonated the name of God. The language of light does not suit a slave."

Shirone felt that the prayers of the guardians were extraordinary and concentrated his mind on guard.

'They are different too.'

The officers of the flock were mutants born from the Tree of Life with a 0.001 percent chance.

Their abilities covered all categories of biological, mental, and phenomenal, and they were the ones who dominated over the children of the sun with their powerful power.

"So you are an ancient. You refused Ra's baptism, didn't you?"

Yoga, the only female among the guardians, approached.

She was a woman with green hair tied in a complex knot on her head and cut her bangs straight above her eyebrows.

"Ra's baptism is brainwashing. What did I do wrong that you are doing this to me?"

"The mistake is only one."

Yoga pointed her palm at Shirone and said.

"Your existence."

Silver Mirror.

Her arm turned into a metal that emitted silver light, and it broke with a clang.

"What!"

As metal fragments swirled like rapids and rushed in, Shirone teleported around the outskirts of the temple.

"I'll go."

Karof, who was standing next to Yo, loosened his neck from side to side.

He was a man with a balanced physique in medium size, shaved his head cleanly on both sides, and stretched his hair long on top.

"Krrrrr!"

Karof's face twisted fiercely, and hair began to grow all over his skin.

Finally, he became a fierce dog's face and jumped toward Shirone's flash.

"Kraaaang!"

As four claws scratched and came in, Shirone released teleportation and rolled on the floor.

"This...!"

At the same time as he regained his balance, silver fragments flew in.

'Fury!'

The curtain of light pushed away the silver fragments, and Karof also received dozens of blows from clubs.

'Photon Cannon!'

As Shirone threw a sphere of light as if to catch it, it stretched out with a flash and hit Karof's abdomen.

"Kuh!"

Pushed back with a thud, Karof was able to put his two legs on the ground again when he arrived at his original place.

He knelt down with his body exposed and puffed up his cheeks with his eyes wide open.

"Kreeeeek!"

Even in the state of fury that boasted powerful muscles, he could not withstand the shock and spewed blood.

Yoga joined hands and silver fragments piled up on her shoulder and returned to her arm shape.

She used her palm like a mirror to look at her face and said as she removed the metal trait from her arm.

"What? You could have avoided it enough."

Karof shook his head.

"That's not the problem. The light..."

He has physical power.

In front of an inexplicable fact, two guardians who did not participate in the battle kept silent.

Light was life for the children of the sun.

It was not even a doctrine that those who worship Ra would gain eternal life. They were a race that could not survive without light.

"Hmm."

The only one who could make a judgment in this situation was Shingwan who managed the doctrine.

'Mutants who can speak the language of light have existed for generations.'

He didn't know why, but he thought it might be because the Tree of Life's activity was based on light.
[Translated block]


'And at this moment, a new language of light appeared. And to the ancients. Is this a revelation of Ra? Or......'

The priest who made the judgment bowed his head toward the magistrate.

"O incarnation of Ra, there can be no two suns in the flock. It must be annoying, but please use your power of the sun to convince the poor children."

Now that things had gotten this far, he had no choice but to ask the people of the flock which of the two lights they would choose.

"Fine! I will give you the sun while Ra is asleep!"

The magistrate also knew the nature of power well.

If he backed down here, all that was left for him was death.

"It's three hours later. I'll tell the priests to prepare."

The priest said that and shouted at Siro.

"O you who have caused trouble in the flock, I will give you one last chance. At the darkest time of the flock, you and the magistrate will compete with the power of light. If you win, you will become the new leader of the flock, but if you lose, you will have to take your own life."

"I don't want to be a leader. And I won't take my own life either."

"Don't be arrogant. You may be impersonating Ra with a strange language, but the power of the guardians is not all you have experienced. If you want to live, you have to prove yourself with all your might."

The judgment was left to the people of the flock, but the priest did not doubt that the magistrate would win.

That's how everyone left and only the guardians remained and exchanged opinions.

"What do you think, this match?"

At Yo's question, Karof said as if he had nothing to think about.

"Of course, the magistrate will win."

"But the light that slave uses is strange."

"Hmph! What does that matter? The reason we serve the magistrate from generation to generation is because light is life. Light that destroys life, it's no use to the flock."

As Karof turned his body, other guardians also returned to their rooms, and Yo muttered to himself as he looked at where Siro had gone.

"Light that destroys life..."

Meanwhile, Siro was being guided by a gatekeeper to a place where he could rest.

The roughly grasped living conditions of the flock were simple.

The children of the sun did nothing, and most of the chores were done by the ancients.

As he left the floor where the slaves were active and went down, Wood and Hamey were sitting in a small room and basking in light.

"What are you doing here?"

Wood, who was shaking his body with a joyful expression, opened his eyes.

"Huh? You're safe? That's good."

"I'm not safe yet. What are you doing here?"

"What do you mean? We're basking in light in a holy room. Huh? But you, if you're a slave, you should be respectful. You seem to have received Ra's grace by understanding what I'm saying."

"That's... just postponed for now."

"Hmm, really?"

Wood shrugged it off indifferently.

It probably had something to do with the sun ceremony of the magistrate that was going to take place in three hours.

"Only those who have done blessed things can enter the holy room. You can get light from as close as possible. Originally today was a blessing given to Hamey, but he allowed me to bask together."

"Basking in light is a blessing?"

Hamey said with an ecstatic expression.

"It's the biggest blessing. When you get such strong light from this close, you feel tremendous power. It's the best feeling in the world."

"It's hard on your body if you bask for a long time, but anyway, only the magistrate can make such light. Slaves are pitiful. They can't even feel how good it is."

'Strong light...'

Siro arrived at his room and was lost in thought alone.

He could run away now, but maybe that was exactly what the magistrate wanted.

'There's a way. No, actually I'm not sure. I'd like to test it...'

Then a code band connected in front of him and a priest appeared.

"...It's time. Come up to the top floor."

The priest who approached Siro connected the code and in an instant the scenery changed and arrived on the roof of the flock.
[Translated block]


The magistrate loosened his upper body muscles and warmed up, and four guardians stood side by side next to him.

Looking down, hundreds of the children of the sun were outside, looking up at this place.

"Avatar of Ra! Immortality! Eternal future!"

"Listen, everyone, the people of Ra!"

The ground became quiet in an instant.

"I will personally punish the one who impersonated Ra's name with a false language. I will now bestow the power of blessing!"

As the priest handed over two devices connected by fiber optics, the magistrate grabbed them with both hands and looked around at Siroene.

"Watch my power carefully. If you can't emit a stronger light than me, I'll cut your neck."

Siroene glanced at the device without answering.

The fiber optics were connected to the ceiling of the flock, and the trapezoidal handles glowed faintly.

'Is it a device that transmits light?'

The magistrate lifted the device into the sky and opened his ability.

"Even in the darkness, the sun does not go out! I will prove it through my body!"

As both fists shone brightly and light flowed along the fiber optics, people cheered again.

"Wowaaaaaa!"

The glass balls installed in the flock began to emit light, and eventually the entire structure glowed.

The children of the sun, who were impressed by anyone, raised their prayers toward the light with their heads.

"Ra! Ra! The great Ra!"

"That's amazing."

Carlof nodded his head satisfactorily at the spectacle of light that drove away the darkness of night.

As long as there is a magistrate, the children of the sun will not perish.

It was the reason why those who had the language of light became magistrates from generation to generation even without combat skills.

The magistrate, who thought he had shown enough skill, dropped the device and turned off the light.

Nevertheless, the aftermath of emotion rippled through the night air, and people shivered for a while in the pleasure of light.

"Now it's your turn."

The magistrate stepped aside with a sneer as if he was ridiculous.

'Light enough to brighten up the whole flock...'

People murmured as Siroene revealed himself.

The words were muffled, but there was clear hostility in the negative wave.

'I have no choice.'

Siroene's eyes opened wide as he focused his mind.

"Heretic, hurry up and take the device..."

The face of the priest who approached with the device turned pale.

A small light moved in an arc above Siroene's head and a huge circle was born.

'Super magic amplification array Ataraxia.'

It was someone's ability that came to mind when he opened Immortal Function.

As Ataraxia rotated in its completed form, the magistrate felt a sense of crisis instinctively and shouted.

"It's a heretical language! Quickly pull out that slave!"

It was just a duel to decide on the sun for others, but it was a matter of life and death for those involved.

"The magistrate is right. Let's get rid of heresy."

At that moment, when four guardians tried to jump out at once, Siroene's two hands began to gather a handful of photons.

"Light?"

It was definitely light.

But it was only enough to brighten up the surroundings, and even that was getting darker as time passed.

'I have to align the polarization direction.'

The anxious magistrate mocked Siroene.

"Is that all you impersonated Ra with? There's nothing more to see! Hurry up and kill heresy!"

As the guardians tried to jump out again, Yoga stopped them.

"Wait a minute. That thing..."

The light that looked like a dot buried in the night rose from Siroene's hand and started to go up.

And at the moment it passed Ataraxia.

"Woooooo!"

A tremendous explosion of photons occurred in the sky.

The intensity of light emitted by a sphere of light much larger than a flock swallowed up people's appearance.

In a world of white paper where you can't see an inch ahead, people's screams filled with intense pleasure from being hit by light.

"Ahhhh! Ahhhh!"

Woodgan screamed in ecstasy that made his mind fly away and shed tears.
[Translated block]


It felt like his blood was evaporating from spinning so fast, and he felt like he could explode his body at any moment with the overflowing energy.

"Oppa... Oppa..."

Hamei, who was thrilled with emotion, clasped her hands and shed tears as she lowered her head.

As the photons escaped, people were finally able to confirm the identity of the light that rose to the sky.

"Ah, ahhh..."

"He... He has descended..."

There was a sun above Shirone's head.
[Translated block]