


[756] Doctrine of Evil (3)

* * *

"Get in quickly! Do you want to die?"

At the core of the North Emond's 48th military facility, a group of soldiers were threatening the laborers with their swords drawn.

"I, I went in yesterday! Please have mercy!"

"If you're chosen, that's it! Are you going to defy the Republic's mission now!"

Only after the sword was at his throat did the man seem to resign, bowing his head and gripping the handle of the cannon.

If he resisted, he would die now, but if he went into that warehouse, there was a chance he could survive.

If 10 people go in, 8 come out alive, which is a pretty high probability.

However, the problem was that the end of the remaining 2 was not simply death.

"Next. Who's the one with the X mark?"

"Here."

Verdi's father, Baseto, approached, showing the X mark carved on the stick.

"Go in."

Knowing that resistance was futile, he too dragged the remaining cannon handle towards the warehouse.

"Hey, hey, Baseto. Who's going first? Huh? Me first? Or you?"

His colleague, who was scared alone in the same situation, was annoying, but this was also a state of being worn out.

"Do as you please."

The man who had been rolling his eyes spoke with a cowardly smile.

"Then, you go first. Got it?"

Out of 10, 8 survive, but so far, 30 out of the 39 who died were first in line.

"......Sure."

From the moment the warehouse door opened, an irresistible instinctual smell stung his nose.

It was a smell so disgusting that it would be better to have your nose stuck in a corpse.

"Grrrr."

Inside the warehouse, behind the installed iron bars, silhouettes of monsters larger than humans passed by.

Their shapes, personalities, and habits were all different, but the soldiers only called them 'Garas'.

"Calm down. Just drop the handle and come out."

As soon as he entered the iron bars, the monsters turned their heads at the same time and slowly backed away.

"Grrr. Grrr. Grrr."

Listening to the sound like laughter, Baseto dragged the cannon without even breathing.

"Don't provoke them. Don't make a sound."

Pulling up the cannon handle with enough force to pull his arm off was the only skill he had learned here.

"Kiiiiii."

The moment something sharp like a fingernail pricked his side, Baseto involuntarily wet himself.

"Damn it! Is it me?"

It wasn't time to give up yet.

"......"

His extremely sensitive senses sensed that the Garas were backing away without turning his head.

"You bastards! Are you mocking me?"

The reason the Garas didn't tear out of the iron bars was because the 48th military facility provided them with the best materials.

"Do you feel like an emperor?"

Igor was prepared to pay any price to satisfy the lust of the Garas, which was 100,000 times stronger than humans.

"To create the strongest army."

He didn't know if he could control the Garas, but it was a success just to compromise on entering the iron bars.

"I'm going back to my family."

The guys in the warehouse were full, and unless they were particularly interested, they didn't even look at him.

"I did it!"

He dropped the cannon handle, but there were those who were caught by the Garas because they ran in a hurry.

"Slowly. More slowly."

Repeating the saying that if you want to die, you live dozens of times, as soon as he finally got out of the iron bars, the Garas sent a congratulatory greeting.

"Kuk! Kuk! Kuk!"

Just the thought of being alive made everything happy, and on the contrary, the next man in line was pale.

"Congratulations. You're really amazing."

There was no answer.

"Yes, yes. You can do it. Please, please take mine instead......"

When Baseto's eyes filled with strength and glared at him as if to kill him, the man dropped his head weakly.

"Well...... No one wants to die."
[Translated block]


Baseto momentarily weakened, but quickly regained his composure and clung to the wall of the warehouse.

Unfortunately, the lock that had been fine until now opened with a noise, and from then on, the man's sanity was paralyzed.

"Haah. Haah."

Baseto grimaced at the rough breathing, but couldn't make a sound.

'Calm down. If you act as usual, nothing will happen.'

"Huuuuuu."

At the whimpering sound, the carrion crow in the corner showed interest and stuck out its tongue.

The moist thing wrapped around his neck and squeezed it, and the man's hand lost its strength.

"Please save me."

Baseto's eyes bulged.

'Idiot! Just stay there! Don't say anything and stay!'

"Please save me. I beg you. You came in yesterday too. I can't die like this... Ahhh!"

The tongue quickly grabbed the man, and Baseto kicked the ground and ran towards the exit.

"Save, save me! Ahhhhh!"

Without even looking in that direction, Baseto pounded on the door of the warehouse.

"Open it! Open the door quickly, you bastards!"

Only the eyes were visible, the window opened, and a cold gaze quickly scanned the inside of the warehouse.

"Open it! I've done my mission properly!"

"The bars are open. Close it."

"This shit...!"

A curse naturally came out, but the desire for survival quickly cooled the anger.

As he pushed the door with both hands and ran towards the bars, the man who was crushed by the giant carrion crow reached out his hand.

"Please! Me... Ahhhhh!"

Baseto, who confirmed that the man's eyes were rolling up, closed the bars and lowered the lock.

"Kiyaaaaa!"

The excited carrion crow pushed in the dark shadow, and he felt dizzy.

He was pushed against the wall of the warehouse without knowing how he backed off, and snake-like things were wriggling outside the bent bars.

"Kuuuuu!"

He gritted his teeth and ran sideways, and the warehouse door opened and his vision was filled with light.

It was the light of life.

"Ahhhhhh!"

In case the door was closed, he kicked the ground with all his might and rolled on the ground.

'Please, please someone save me! Honey, Verdi!'

At the terrible screams of his colleague in the warehouse, Baseto covered his ears and wailed.

"Huuuuuuk! Huuuuuuk!"

Another victim came out.

* * *

Lieutenant Jaycee, who had escaped from the 48th military facility deep in the Galchen Mountains surrounding the capital of North Eimond, Pashia, arrived.

'Hasn't he come yet? It's 5 minutes before the appointment time.'

Although he was active as an officer in North Eimond, he was actually a spy who had infiltrated from South Eimond six years ago.

'I've been holding on for today.'

It was a mission that would have been impossible without a 3rd class grand magician specialized in espionage.

"Jaycee!"

Three soldiers appeared from the bushes.

The captain was Jaycee's husband.

"Why are you so late?"

"I'm sorry. It took longer than I thought to break through the border. I'm glad I made it safely."

After a short kiss, Jaycee rummaged through her belongings and said.

"There's no time. Two days ago, the North succeeded in controlling the carrion crow for the first time. If we don't come up with a countermeasure quickly...."

"Those vicious things! Did they really succeed?"

"Fortunately, they're not yet able to control higher organisms. But the fact that they succeeded is important."

As time goes by, technology can only advance.

"Deliver this document to the royal city. It's all the information I've collected about the carrion crow. I'll cross over in three days."

If he deserted the army now, a state of emergency would be declared nationwide, and there was a possibility that even her husband would be caught.

"Where you're going is a torture room."

North Eimond's soldiers came walking through the bushes, and Jaycee's eyes shook with shock.

"How...."

I thought I had hidden it thoroughly.

"The world has changed, hasn't it? You should know that there are eyes in places you don't know."

The underworld.

'No, it's impossible. The inhabitants of the underworld would never compromise with humans, right?'
[Translated block]


"Do not think of being led obediently. I'm quite upset right now."

As the military police captain approached with his sword drawn, Jaycee cast an invisibility spell and shouted.

"Scatter! Get out!"

When she, hidden from view, fired an electric bolt from an unexpected place, the military police threw themselves.

'Is it not a piece of junk?'

Invisibility was a top-tier illusion magic among electric magic.

"......The situation is getting interesting."

As the spies fled, the military police captain gave an order.

"Call the Water King's team."

A flare was fired, and 20 minutes later, 20 soldiers came with dogs that were two meters tall.

Grrrrrrrr!

A dog covered in iron fur, a dog with hundreds of holes in its body, a dog with venom flowing from its teeth......

The monsters born using crows moved in an orderly manner according to the signal.

Crow - mutant poison dog.

'It's definitely a great achievement.'

The genetic material of dogs was used by the biologists of North Emond to control the crows.

Although it is still in the early stages, if it can be trained, it will soon have a formidable force that is not afraid of the empire.

"Are you really obeying? If you trust the dog and miss the enemy, our necks are not safe either."

The lieutenant of the Water King's team spoke confidently.

"Don't worry. It's a dog of the Republic that faithfully does dangerous things."

"How is the performance?"

"It's so excellent that I can't tell you all about it. It would be better to see it once. Just give me an order."

The military police captain looked around the forest with angry eyes.

"Find all the trash in the south and bring it."

20 minutes after that.

A terrible scream was heard from the middle of the Galchen Mountains.

"No way!"

The mutant poison dog's sense of smell quickly found the spies, and Jaycee's husband was beheaded by the military police captain's sword.

"You bastards! Kill! I mean, kill me too!"

Jaycee, who was relaxed by the mutant poison dog, missed the timing of suicide.

"It's unpleasant. I hear that I'm a bad guy from a thief trying to secretly take out the information of another country."

"Shut up! There are human rights in war too! Do you know what you guys are doing now?"

"Of course I know. We're at war."

The military police captain stepped on Jaycee's face.

"Kuk!"

Even with her cheeks pressed, she didn't like the look of her fiercely glaring eyes.

"It's good to spill out how far you're involved. You're going to be a criminal who steals the Republic's information."

"Kill."

If it wasn't for this determination, she wouldn't have been able to infiltrate the enemy country and endure for six years.

"You're kicking human rights with your own feet."

When the military police captain turned his head, a mutant poison dog with black fur came drooling.

"You're going to experience hell for the next 10 minutes. Let's talk again after that. The only time to stop is now."

"......Kill."

The researcher of the Water King's team opened the file.

"Experimental data 38-7. Experimental sample Bestark Jaycee. 36 years old. Start recording."

"Ah ah ah ah!"

When Jaycee closed her eyes and screamed, the military police captain, who felt the presence, turned around quickly.

Even he, who uses the sensory system schema, did not realize until he approached the identity of the person...

"......What are you?"

It was a young girl wearing a wide-brimmed hat and holding a broom in one hand.

"Human, human."

At the voice of a mature woman that breaks the harmony, the military police officers finally realized and retreated.

'Did I dream?'

As if the spectacle so far had been an illusion, the child's figure disappeared and a seductive face struck the gaze.

"Why are you guys endless even if you kill?"

Ivory Tower Five Star.

Human Safety Enforcement Chief Mirak Minerva.
[Translated block]