


```
[292] 5. All kinds of variables (6)

"I won't stop you since it's come to this. But I would advise you to wait. You can't guarantee your life if you go in. Leave Shirone to me."

The masked man spat out his words quickly and jumped into the door.

Amy checked Shirone's condition.

She could see the thread that was strangling her neck clearly. And her eyes didn't move at all from where she was tied up.

But she wasn't completely still, so if she was left like this, she would eventually die.

Amy and Reyna looked at each other and met eyes. And without hesitation, they jumped into the door.

Five seconds later, the door disappeared.

Zenogard and Shirone were frozen at the crossroads of life and death, slowly thawing. A very slow sound of - came out from between Shirone's lips.

She probably wanted to shout Ignite.

6. A huge secret (1)

<Separate>Shirone's consciousness. 11th level surface psychology.

Rumble!

Thunder struck. It was raining heavily. The sky was covered with dark clouds, so it was hard to tell whether it was day or night.

Amy looked around the street in the pouring rain. The city was definitely a place she had never seen before, but it felt familiar somehow.

Buildings lined up along the brick-paved road, and each shop had a torch burning with whale oil. Even that was weak due to the harsh wind.

The common beggars had all taken shelter, and only men in formal clothes were hurrying along the road with their collars tightened.

Far away, a carriage with a raincoat tent was leaving the city for the gate.

It seemed to be daytime.

Amy and Reyna shivered in the cold and looked at each other. Their wet clothes clung to their bodies, and their heads looked like drowned mice.

"Where on earth is this......"

"You came in after all."

The two women instinctively covered their bodies and turned around. They were wearing clothes, but their figures were exposed, so they felt wary.

The masked man walked out of the darkness of the alley.

"I thought you would, so I waited for you."

Amy asked.

"Who are you? What's your relationship with Shirone?"

The man answered by taking off his mask. He had covered his face, but it was strange how he could see ahead, because there was a thin bandage over his eyes. He was blind from the start.

"My name is Generade Armin. I have a bit of a connection with Shirone."

Amy tilted her head. A connection with Shirone?

Of course, Shirone would have some contacts that others didn't know about. But if he had been friends with someone of this caliber, he wouldn't have kept quiet about it.

"How can I believe that? Shirone never said anything like that......"

Armin ignored her and looked around somewhere, then pointed at the two women alternately and said.

"First of all, let's avoid the rain. Follow me."

They had no choice but to follow him after standing in the downpour for a few minutes and their body temperature dropped sharply.

Besides, they didn't want to show off their embarrassing state even if they were women.

Armin took them to a place that was both a restaurant and an inn.

Amy checked the name of the sign before entering the building. It was similar to Torumia language, but slightly different, so she couldn't understand the meaning.

"Welcome."

As soon as they opened the door and entered, a woman in her 40s who was knitting at the counter greeted them in a formal tone.

The building looked too narrow from the outside, but once they entered, it stretched deep inside.

The hall was about 7 square meters, and there were three tables where you could drink alcohol. Hunters were sitting in the corner, warming up their bodies with hot liquor.

If you pass through the hall and turn around the corner, there is a corridor that goes deep inside, where they tore up the floor and put a furnace. There was no drainage system installed, but no rainwater came in here.
```
[Translated block]


```
There were square tables arranged around where people could eat, and people dressed as travelers were eating.

Armin first offered the empty seats to the women and sat down across the table.

Then, a musician wearing a cone-shaped hat who was warming himself near the fireplace started tuning his four-stringed instrument.

At inns frequented by travelers, musicians were hired to play music when a certain number of people gathered. They also agreed to play if someone paid them personally.

The musician played his instrument in a sad tone and sang. It was a song about a knight who lost his lover and went on a journey to find a place to die, but the melody was calm but the lyrics were quite sad.

Reina realized that the musician's performance was of a high level and was surprised. But it was a variation that deviated from the basics of harmony. It felt like several songs were mixed into one.

But the other travelers didn't seem to care. No, they didn't care about anything. The fact that they didn't even turn their eyes to the two women who showed their figures was proof.

Amy felt curious. Of course, she didn't think that men had to look at her when she showed her figure, but it was still a strange situation.

Looking closely, they weren't eating. The fork was moving back and forth between the food and the mouth meaninglessly.

Yet it looked like they were eating because they kept mumbling something with a gloomy expression.

Unreadable signs. Strange songs with jumping melodies. People who don't eat. And gloomy expressions.

Amy suddenly felt goosebumps. She finally realized that this place was different from any world she knew.

"Where is this place?"

Armin nodded his head as if he had been waiting for that question and said.

"This is Shirone's consciousness. I checked it out before you came, and it seems to be the 11th level of human consciousness, that is, the surface psychology."

She had heard from Arin when she went to Galliant that human consciousness was divided into 12 levels.

But that wasn't the problem right now. The problem was that she had entered there.

Reina also felt the same and asked.

"So, this place is Shirone's consciousness?"

Armin explained with a nod of his head.

It was more effective to make them believe than to persuade them in explaining this strange world.

Amy caught Armin's intention and suppressed her curiosity.

Let's believe it for now. Wherever this place is, what matters more is how to save Shirone.

"We have to chase Arius. Besides, Shirone's neck will be cut off in reality soon."

Armin smiled and shook his head.

"Real time and conscious time are quite different. You must have followed me right away, right? But I waited here for more than 30 minutes."

Amy calculated sensibly.

There was a slight time difference, but she entered this place almost at the same time as Armin. But even then, there was a 30-minute difference, so she had to think that time was very slow compared to reality.

'No, rather, it should be said that consciousness is faster.'

Armin continued.

"Shirone will be fine for a while. I wanted to slow down time more if possible, but there is a limit to the time reversal field..."

Currently, Armin had tied Keira, who was 14 kilometers away from Kazra Castle, with a stop magic time reversal field, so he didn't have much spare timeline.

If he used slow magic that most magicians use, he could have slowed down time more drastically, but it wasn't a wise choice in the situation at the time.

Slow is an active magic.

If he filled up the battery slot that most magicians only have one with slow, he would hand over the initiative to Arius, who was a magician of the same scale. Moreover, he wasn't an easy opponent to deal with in a time-sharing state.
```
[Translated block]


```
That's why he used his passive skill, Time Reversal.

Time Reversal, which occupies both time and space at the same time, allows him to keep one slot of mana flexible to react to the opponent's actions even after activation, because its effect persists in space.

The reason why Arius didn't try anything rash while in a standoff was because he had figured out this fact.

Thanks to that, Shirone avoided instant death, but Armin's timeline was only left with a tail. Even if he could create as many reversals as he wanted, they were useless if their effect was weak.

'The only thing left is Flicker. Is this the only thing I can try?'

Armin waited for the two girls because the ritual state of the 11th level that he entered was serious.

He didn't want to put Shirone's friends in danger, but he thought he had to accept their help if they volunteered to come in.

"Of course, I'm not very relaxed. We have to find Shirone as soon as possible. But coincidentally, I have almost lost my combat ability. That's why I need your help. I'll tell you some information that you must know first."

Reina said in a posture of listening attentively.

"Yes, I want to help. So please tell me. Why is Zion trying to kill Shirone with an assassin and Arius? Especially Arius, I know he's from Orkampf."

"To talk about that, I have to tell you about Arius first. His nickname is Tomb Raider, and he's one of the famous Mado7 girls in Black Line."

Amy frowned at the word Black Line.

There were criminals in Red Line too, but they were also people who raised their ranks with infamy and achievements.

For example, Arcane did that.

On the other hand, Black Line was far from honorable. They only pursued their own pleasure and didn't care if society collapsed for it.

"So you're saying that guy was next to Orkampf all this time?"

"Because his skills are certain. He's an Unlocker and a Scale Mage who mainly infiltrates people's minds and steals their thoughts. He installed a door in Shirone's surface psychology. He probably dived at least once or more without Shirone knowing."

Amy banged on the table. A dull sound was heard.

"Is everything in this inn really Shirone's consciousness?"

"Yes. They look like objects, but they are actually landscapes created by Shirone's mental activity."

Reina asked.

"What is the principle? How can a person's thoughts appear as such a concrete world?"

"All the mentalities that humans acquire as they are born and grow up are objectified. Love, anger, indifference, they are all objects. You can interpret it as language, but this is a world related to the unconscious, so objectification is the right expression."

Arius looked around the inn and said.

"Then why is the arrangement of objects so similar to reality even though it is a mental world? That's because all the objects of the 11th level come up through the 6th level realm. If the unconscious was projected directly here, it would be a completely chaotic world."

Amy rubbed her chin and said.

"Hmm. So you mean that human minds are converted into objects through a filter called Ray and then come up here?"

"That's right. Ray is a mental state during sleep, so it's easy to understand if you think of it as a dream. Dreams are the boundary between consciousness and unconsciousness. So two characteristics appear at the same time in dreams. The higher you go from 6th level, the stronger your consciousness becomes, and the lower you go, the stronger your unconsciousness becomes."

Arius pointed at the ceiling.

"This is 11th level surface psychology, which is the highest level except for the shell layer. Therefore, it is a very objectified world. Realistic, complex and extensive."

The sad melody of a pianist filled the air.

The variations were still messy, but he thought it was because they had gone through a filter called dream, so he didn't feel creepy.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]
Reina said.

"Arius is a tomb raider, right? What is he trying to steal from Sirone's mind?"

Amy answered.

"It's Ataraxia."
[Translated block]