


[397] The changing situation (1)

The shouts of the duty officers were mixed, but the students did not hear them. The gruesome sight of Aider on the mount spoke for a hundred words.

It was the ultimate misery for the first person to challenge Shirone. Fear was already sprouting in the hearts of some students who had weighed Shirone and Fermi.

Aider had withdrawn from the front line, so the high ground occupation was a disqualification for the Screamer team, but Shirone's expression was not good.

No matter how sweet the efficiency of evil is, humans have a heart that likes good and wants to do it.

I want to believe that.

But Aider activated the AT algorithm at the last moment.

It wasn't that lightning fell from the sky, or that a giant hand came down and caught him.

Are humans really infinitely free beings? Or is this also part of a huge system outside of cognition?

"Shirone's team wins. 20 points earned. This concludes the high ground occupation evaluation."

Shirone, who walked over to his friends, apologized by tapping Maya's shoulder, who was still trembling with fear.

"I'm sorry. I got you involved in this tough fight because of us."

"I'm fine. I'm more worried about you."

Shirone is a person who is decisive and cold enough to completely eliminate Aider from the graduating class.

But that was just an expression of insight that goes straight to the goal in the shortest distance, not strength from emotion.

'It must be hard, Shirone...'

In fact, I don't want to fight with anyone. All troubles start from there.

For some people, it is an extremely easy choice, but for Shirone, it is the most complicated problem in the world.

Aider received emergency treatment outside the battlefield.

The duty officer who checked if his heart was beating shouted and someone next to him ran somewhere in a hurry.

Electric Monster Lycon, who confirmed up to there, looked back at Fermi and said.

"Aider succeeded. He scratched Shirone's heart properly."

Fermi shook his head.

It's not a big deal if you move with emotion. Although their personalities are extremely different, Shirone was of a similar kind to himself.

"Rather, it's a case where emotion strengthens rationality. If you don't step on Aider, there will be second and third Aiders. He calculated that it would be better to nip it in the bud."

"Anyway, the strategy was successful. I've seen all of Shirone's skills. From now on, you just have to collect magic that can win in compatibility and counterattack. Wasn't that your plan from the beginning?"

"Of course, but..."

Fermi clenched his chin and sank into thought.

Anyone would do their best if it was a full evaluation with 20 points at stake. But he would have wanted to save something like a laser guidance algorithm.

In that respect, Aider met the trade conditions exactly. Then why did I feel this irritation in my head? What is the identity of this discomfort?

"I got it."

Lycon looked back at Fermi again.

"Did you hide it? No, he didn't hide anything from the beginning. Kwang-ik, Santan Movement, Laser Guidance Algorithm. Even if it wasn't Aider, he would have pulled out cards whenever he needed them. Then why did I misunderstand? Because Shirone's growth rate is much faster than others."

He already had three skills that he couldn't use before entering the graduating class.

Even if you knew everything about Shirone now, it was impossible to predict how much he would evolve in the graduation exam.

'He has equipped two intermediate and one advanced magic in just three months. In terms of speed alone, it is almost similar to the power enhancement I lead with my own fund management.'

Fermi spoke to his colleagues without looking back.

"It's a special bargain sale."

"Huh?"

"Tell all customers that I'll give them a 20% discount. And from now on, only buy advanced magic. Buy as much as you can until the graduation exam."

Sona Hershey approached with a sullen face.

"But Fermi, then this year's profit..."
[Translated block]


```text
“What did I say?”

Hershey's face turned pale as he was pierced by Fermi's gaze. Fermi, a perfect manager, was as scary as Fermi, a non-standard eater.

“If you don't eliminate minor variables, they become unbearable variables when they hit you.”

Hershey spat out bluntly, and Fermi turned coldly.

“Do it.”

“Ah, I got it.”

As Fermi left the field, the remaining four also looked around and followed him.

The area around the battlefield was still noisy. Some students were desperately trying to calm down the screamer.

They hated meddling in other people's affairs, but if they left it alone, Aider might die.

“Let go! That kid, I'm going to kill him! Let go of this!”

“Screamer! Calm down! Aider is seriously injured! If you hit him, he'll really die!”

There was nowhere else to hit a patient with a full-body fracture, but it was something that couldn't be guaranteed by Screamer's personality.

“I'm hitting him to die! How dare that arrogant kid overturn the board I designed?”

He disqualified the team with a strategy that was not agreed upon. Moreover, he colluded with Fermi, so he couldn't help but lose his eyes for his back alley loyalty.

“Ugh! Annoying!”

Screamer kicked the ground and sprinkled dirt on Aider. The paramedic who couldn't stand it glared at him and hit him with a stick.

“You! Stay away from the patient more than 10 meters! If not, I'll report it to the teacher!”

“Aw! Fuck!”

Screamer regained his sanity and shook off the students' hands and turned around. There was nothing he could do right now, but Aider would have to be half-dead when he recovered from his injury.

Screamer walked to the water supply and opened the lid of the water bottle and drank it all at once. Then, as Shiroe's party approached, he pointed at them with his finger holding the water bottle and said.

“Don't be arrogant because you won. If it wasn't for Aider, I wouldn't have known the outcome.”

Nade snorted.

“You're funny! It was our game anyway? And didn't you promise? Apologize to Maya. That's what you said.”

Screamer gritted his teeth. He had to apologize because he had said it, but he couldn't open his mouth.

There was also an unfair aspect. How can you win a game with Aider, a great fool?

“Tsk! What apology. Hey, drink some water.”

Screamer handed over the water bottle as if to end it. But the reaction that came back was unexpected.

Maya, who still couldn't get out of her trauma, flinched and shook her shoulders. A sigh escaped from Screamer's mouth.

‘Aw, how scared are you after getting hit a few times? How can you be a magician like that…….’

Maya has no talent for magic. No, leaving aside talent, her way of thinking is not like a magician.

People's personalities are different anyway, and what matters in reality is who pushes through.

His face is swollen, his eyes are like scared rabbits, and his posture is like a punished person holding his hands together. They all annoyed him.

“Maya, you…….”

Just don't be a magician.

Screamer swallowed the next word. It's her life anyway and she has to choose.

Also, if you look at her without thinking of her as a magician, she felt a little sympathy for her appearance of losing her mind after being bitten by a mad dog.

“Yeah, I'm sorry.”

Screamer frowned and handed the water bottle to Maya's hand.

“I'm sorry for saying that you sound like a pig pulling your neck. You sing well. Try hard. You don't have to worry about Aider. As soon as he comes back, I'll send him back to the hospital.”

“Screamer…….”

Maya is a difficult person for Screamer. He always gets angry and happens to be in the same group often so that his heart beats when he meets his eyes. Hearing an apology from such a person made her tears flow as she felt sorry for what had happened so far.

“Aw, I really can't stand it because I'm not used to it. Hey, I apologized so that's it? I'm going.”

Screamer shook his head and took another water bottle and left the training ground.
```
[Translated block]


* * *

It was a holiday, two weeks after the evaluation of the hilltop occupation.

Shirone, Nade, and Iruki went to the advanced class with flowers. They heard that Shiina, who received an award from Wangseong for his paper, was promoted to official fifth class.

It was a rare occasion for a magic school under the Torumia Kingdom to have an official fifth-class magician as a lecturer, except for the Royal Magic School. It was a milestone for Alpheus Magic School.

"But are we okay to go? The seniors in the graduation class don't go out of the steel door much. They say it creates a sense of alienation for the juniors."

"We still have to congratulate them. They cared a lot for us at the presentation."

As they entered the advanced class building while chatting, the eyes of the students in the hallway widened.

The seniors in the graduation class, whose faces were hard to see, appeared. And there were three of them.

"Wow! It's Shirone senior!"

"Iruki senior and Nade senior are here too!"

The students popped out of the classrooms, and the hallway was blocked in an instant.

Shirone recalled his old memories of being shocked by Samuel's ultrasonic demonstration when he saw the sparkling eyes of his juniors.

'Well, I was like that too.'

It was unimaginable now that he competed with skillful people like Samuel every day.

That's why his juniors, who had taken classes with him until a few months ago, looked much younger than before.

"Hello, senior! I'm Oren, the most promising student of Class Four!"

A boy with a bright face walked out of the crowd and bowed his waist.

Shirone tilted his head because he had never seen his face before in the integrated class until last year.

"Oren?"

"Yes. I enrolled this semester. You probably don't know me, senior."

"Oh, you're a transfer student."

Oren smiled and shook his head.

"No. I also started magic late. Like Shirone senior."

Shirone looked at Oren more closely. He was a genius who entered Class Four as soon as he entered the magic school. It meant that he had achieved impressive results in the entrance test.

'Huh?'

Suddenly feeling a dangerous aura, Shirone entered his spirit zone by instinct. Oren's spirit zone was piercing his chest like a sharp spear.

'Well, that's it.'

He must have heard stories about Shirone if he was a promising student who attracted attention in the advanced class.

Above all, there were Mark and Maria here as his followers.

It also affected that Aider left the graduation class. Depending on the graduation schedule, there was a possibility that one person from Class Four would advance to the monthly class, so it was natural that he had more ambition than others.

'How about it? You have to admit it at this level, right?'

Oren also knew how great the skills of the graduation class were. But he didn't think his talent was inferior to Shirone's, who was the most famous in the magic school.

Shirone entered Class Seven at eighteen years old. On the other hand, he was two years younger than him but entered Class Four at once.

Shirone just felt like laughing.

This is why students in the graduation class don't go out of the steel door much. If they deal with juniors who don't know anything about the world every day, they won't be able to do anything else.

'He definitely has talent. But...'

Shirone suddenly opened his eyes wide and glared at Oren.

His spirit zone changed to an offensive type and about 200 spikes stretched out toward Oren.

"Ack!"

Oren flinched and sat down on the spot. He leaned back on the ground and looked up at Shirone with a disgusted expression.

The offensive type just now was different from what he expected.

'It doesn't make sense. Mark said he was defensive...'

Shirone crouched down and matched his eye level.

"You. You're specialized in offensive type?"

"Huh? Oh, yes."

He thought so. He was a junior who was full of energy like Amy, judging by his personality alone.
[Translated block]


```
"It's not all about making your mind sharp. For an offensive type, speed and quickness are important. If you keep the same mental state like you, you'll soon get used to it."

"Th, that's right."

Oeren looked up at Siroene blankly. The gap was much more severe than he had vaguely thought.

'Is this a graduation class?'

As Siroene took a step, the students blocking the hallway parted like a waterway.

"She's really cheeky. It's like seeing the old Iruki, right?"

Siroene frowned as if it was terrible, recalling his first meeting with Iruki, at Nade's words.

"No, compared to Iruki, she's really humble."

"Confidence is proportional to skill. In that sense, it's natural that that kid is more humble than me."

"Anyway, that bottomless confidence is......"

As they exchanged conversations, dozens of juniors watched the backs of the three people moving away to the end of the hallway.
```
[Translated block]