


[400] Rapidly changing situation (4)

Kashan Empire.

The loser of the northwest continent, the Kashan Empire, which occupies one-third of the human territory, had its emperor's coronation ceremony an hour ahead.

The succession process was always informal and secretive.

Only two Terazes who shared the same memory and a few who knew their private secrets were staying in the 23rd floor spire of the huge palace Aganos.

The transfer of power from Teraze Mistra to Teraze Uorin.

From the outside, it looked like a common succession ceremony where a parent gave up their seat to their child, but someone knew.

The fact that only the name changed.

Teraze was a proper noun for 'something' that lived through the ages by repeating itself.

"That's it for the takeover related to the Holy War. Well, I guess it's all done when the Holy War is over."

14 hours ago, Uorin stopped by the World Conference Hall in the Central Continent on his way back.

And there he was introduced to the Holy War for the first time, and he will rise to the Three Emperors in an hour.

Teraze's influence was immense even within the Holy War, the world's strongest super pack.

Below the Three Emperors are the Seven Kings of the Seven Kingdoms, the most powerful countries on the continent, and the Two Kings of the Fairy and Dragon races.

These 12 rulers were no exaggeration to say that they were at the top of the world.

Uorin, who became a ruler of the world from a princess of Kazra in an instant, but there was no joy in his expression. Everything was just a subset of the name Teraze anyway.

"I don't need any nonsense. I've already verified that there is no discrepancy between your and my memories. But I have a question."

Uorin stopped walking and looked back at Mistra.

"Why is it so fast? I thought it would take another four years for me to ascend to the throne."

The mother and daughter's memories were shared, so they were two but one. Therefore, it was a problem that had to be addressed if a turning point occurred in each other's thoughts.

"Hmm, well... that's what I'm saying..."

Mistra looked back at Uorin.

He had black hair and intense eyes, while Uorin had white hair and transparent features.

Neither her husband Orcamp nor herself had white hair. So it was a mutant.

He was 'himself' who had 'future vision', which was extremely rare among 'history search', which made Teraze possible today.

Maybe it was a foregone conclusion that Uorin would become emperor among his many daughters.

However, today's emperor's accession was an abnormal move that was not calculated in Mistra's head either.

"Don't worry. I'll make sure to destroy it. It's just that there are some things that I have to tell you after you were born, so I followed you to Aganos."

There was no reason for Mistra to exist in this world once Uorin rose to the Three Emperors. However, there was something left to be done in her generation.

It was for this reason that he advanced his work quickly by pushing Mikia Gaold into treason and advancing his succession to the throne by several years.

Mistra entered the room and took out a locked box from her desk drawer. She sat down on the sofa, handed it over to Uorin waiting for her, and crossed her legs on the opposite side.

"All the answers to your questions are in this box. You'll do it yourself, but it's a secret of modern humanity that no one knows. It will be a powerful weapon if used well, but given the situation, I had no choice but to use it first."

"How do I open it? I can't break it."

"I have the key. I can't show you yet. There's someone I want to introduce you to before that."

A knock sounded at exactly the right time.

Mistra immediately said come in because there were only a handful of people in the world who had access to Aganos' 23rd floor.

A tall man entered. He had thin eyes and a kind face, his purple hair was combed back and only one strand fell down.

He was Gando, former captain of Torumia Magic Association Security Force.

He was Teraze Mistra's first son, so he was biologically Uorin's brother, but psychologically he was his son. That was why bloodline did not matter to Teraze.
[Translated block]


Gando bowed his head toward the ambiguous position of the two mothers.

"Did you call me, mother?"

"Yes, come here. You did a good job with this one."

For Gando, who was adopted by Torumia as soon as he was born and grew up in the hands of the spies, Torumia's Magic Association was nothing less than his whole life.

But it was all a lie.

His life as a member of Gaold's personal guard was also designed by his mother.

In that life full of lies, the only sincerity Gando found was his awe for Gaold.

But in the end, he pushed Gaold into treason and fled to his mother's arms.

"Mom, why are you making that face? Is it because of Gaold? You didn't have any personal feelings for him, did you?"

"The only person who is precious to me is you, mother. But... I respect his achievements as a magician."

"Sigh. Gando, you are Terae's son. You don't need to respect a mere Magic Association leader."

Gando closed his mouth.

If he was a member of the Three Emperors, he would have the right to say that. But he spent most of his life in Torumia and still couldn't tell which side was the truth.

Woorin looked at Gando and nodded.

"You're definitely different from Zion. I picked well this time."

"Hehe, right? I didn't expect much from my son. He has talent, so do you want to raise him as a magician? You can use him if you want."

Gando lowered his head.

I picked well? Raise him well?

What was he to Terae?

A human? A creature? Or a cog in a clock that had to spin for life?

"Use him? Hmm, I'm satisfied with Crouch. Where. Gando, come here."

Gando approached Woorin like a slave sold at a slave market. He felt like his parts were stripped off whenever she looked at him.

He couldn't show his displeasure.

Today, his biological mother Mistra would disappear. If he was abandoned by Woorin, he would only have death left.

"Well, what... I'll keep you for now. Anyway, I have to pay attention to Kashan for a while."

"Thank you, mother."

Gando bowed his head deeply. His eyes shook as he looked at the floor.

He would die.

If Woorin was Mistra's incarnation, he shouldn't believe anything she said.

"But there are two conditions."

Woorin chuckled. It meant he wanted to live badly enough to make conditions with Terae.

"Tell me. If I can listen and agree..."

"Don't make me oppose anyone in Kashan."

It meant he wanted to be recognized as an independent organization. If he had to survive and assist Woorin, it was a natural measure.

"Okay. What's the second one?"

"Don't make me criticize you, mother. I'm just a warrior who fights blindly for you."

It meant he wanted to be treated like a dog. He was desperate but didn't want to go down to the level of cowardice.

Maybe it was also a cold-blooded alternative as a magician, but Woorin didn't care.

It wouldn't hurt to raise a puppy.

"You risked your life, Gando."

"I'm grateful for your mercy, mother."

Mistra waved her hand and said.

"That's enough. Go out. I have something left to do."

It might be the last meeting between Gando and Mistra, but she didn't feel any maternal love in her tone.

When Gando left the room, Mistra took out a key from her bosom as if it was time.

"The reason I'm succeeding the throne faster than planned is to create variables. Gaold will go to heaven and do something. It will help us in the end."

"Do you think he can succeed? The plan for 20 years has gone wrong at once."

"Success or failure doesn't matter. What matters is that something changes. The reason humans gamble on low probabilities is because the reward of victory outweighs the frustration of defeat. I just gave him that."
[Translated block]


```
"I still don't understand. I don't know what you're thinking. How could this happen?"

"Of course. That's why you have to open the box. There is a record of a 'bottom event' that only I don't know about through déjà vu. If you read it, you'll be able to know exactly what I think."

Theresa has all the memories from the beginning to the present, and she can quickly search through those vast memories with her unique ability called 'History Search'.

At first, it was nothing more than simple data retrieval.

But as the Gepin reset occurred, this ability underwent explosive evolution. That is, as a new history was created after the reset, a 'bottom event' was created under the existing history.

A kind of future foresight ability that occurs when two different timelines sharing the same time period are contrasted through déjà vu.

If Uorin, who also had 'Future Vision', was added to that, it would not be a dream to conquer heaven in her place.

"The reason I hid it until the end is because I thought subjective judgments would interfere with history search if we exchanged opinions. You see and judge for yourself. Anyway, I am you and you are me."

Mistra walked to the desk. Her mission in life was over when she handed over the key.

Uorin asked.

"What are you going to do?"

"Anything doesn't matter, but just make it clean."

Mistra picked up a sword on the desk and showed it. The blade that popped out with a slurping sound scattered the light in the room.

Uorin nodded and inserted the key into the box. While she was doing so, Mistra grabbed the handle with both hands and lifted her head, then brought the blade to her neck.

She looked at the ceiling and blinked for a moment, then suddenly remembered and looked back at Uorin.

"Right, you said you were going to eat Shirone? Is that still unchanged?"

Uorin opened the box and shrugged her shoulders.

"Ataraxia, he's handsome, isn't he? The rest doesn't seem very important. Why, is there any anxiety factor?"

"No. Yeah, then."

Mistra lowered her head again.

It didn't feel very good, but this was also a common thing. Theresa's long history was not weak enough to provide variables for a single boy.

As soon as Uorin opened the box, Mistra's sword moved sharply and blood spurted out. A moment later, there was a thud as Mistra fell.

Uorin didn't even glance at her. Her interest was only in the information in the box.

There were documents on two issues in the box.

The title on the first document cover was 'Gepin Erasure'.

Since it was estimated that the reset occurred 19 years ago, Uorin, who was born after that, had a blurrier bottom event than Mistra. But it wasn't very important information since it was already understood by major institutions in each country as well as the Holy War.

Uorin put down the first document, which had become an artifact of the old era, and took out a new document underneath.

'This is it...'

Her hand reached out to the coffee cup and stopped, then came back and grabbed the document with both hands. And for a long time she savored the title written in the center of the document.

Anke La Erasure

Uorin quickly turned the pages. Saving came first and analysis came next.

She memorized every bit of 200 pages in five minutes and burned the document with a candlestick.

Uorin's eyes staring at the flames were more fierce than ever before. She finally realized what Mistra wanted to tell her.

'You were right, Mistra.'

Gando knocked on the door and came in. He paused for a moment at the sight of the completely changed scenery from when he left, but soon returned to his calm expression and bowed his head.

"Mother, it's time for the ceremony."

"I know. I'll go out now."

Gando turned his head to Mistra lying on the floor.

She cut her throat with a sword. It was obvious without looking that it was a neat cut without an inch of deviation.

"What about the body?"

```
[Translated block]


"Get rid of it." Uorin said shortly, as if to tell him not to disturb his thoughts.

Gando carefully moved the corpse, even being careful of his footsteps.

It was his mother who gave birth to him. But now, Mistra was Uorin. A being that could not be dealt with by human common sense. That was Teraze.

Uorin kicked his seat and strode out into the hallway.

At the end of the 23rd floor tower, there was a balcony that overlooked a square where hundreds of thousands of imperial citizens gathered.

As he pulled back the curtain and stepped out onto the balcony, a huge crowd stretched to the horizon.

A huge roar erupted from the ground as they spotted Teraze. The earth shook and the heat rose to the top.

"Long live the Empress! Long live the Empress! Long live the Empress!"

Uorin raised his hand. Then, the volume that he thought could not go any higher soared more than twice, paralyzing his hearing.

The whole world was at his feet, but Uorin just looked down with a cold gaze.

Humans are peculiar creatures with as many personalities as there are individuals, but when gathered together, they eventually become a race bound by one name: human.

Not someone, but just a huge monster called human roared at him.

'Sirone, there is no time. Meet Ikael. You have to change it. If not...'

Uorin looked up at the sky. Only the sun was higher than him.

'Humanity will perish.'
[Translated block]