


```
[286] 4. Teresa's Proposal (3)

@

'Quick, quick!'

Reina ran at full speed toward the annex.

If Teresa's faction had laid a hand on Sirone's parents, the situation would be serious. She also felt guilty. She should have paid more attention.

'No, this is the best I can do. I strengthened all the security I could...'

Then it means that the other side did not care about the consequences and acted recklessly. She thought that maybe all the agents had been wiped out.

The questionable point was why they chose this timing.

It was brilliant to send an assassin on the first day.

But now they were also prepared for anything. There was no reason to unfold a high-risk low-return strategy in a situation where the tide could turn if they were caught.

Reina entered the annex and turned toward the accommodation where Vincent was staying. At the same time, she bumped into an agent of the Ogent family at the corner.

"Ah! Miss Reina!"

Reina pushed the agent aside and ran into the room.

"Get out of the way! What's going on?"

As she opened the door and entered, Vincent and Olina looked at her with puzzled eyes. There was no sign of any trouble.

Vincent was carving a piece of wood and Olina was drinking cocoa with a blanket over her.

"Miss Reina, what's wrong? You look pale."

"Uh, well..."

Reina was speechless at Vincent's question.

The two were safe. Then why did Amy follow Zion?

The agent who came back late to the room asked with a red face.

"Miss, what's going on? Why are you here all of a sudden?"

Reina quickly came to her senses.

"Oh, that... I just wanted to see how you were doing and patrol around."

The agent sighed with relief.

"Phew, I thought something big had happened. There's nothing wrong here."

Olina asked with a worried expression.

"Is there anything wrong? How about Sirone?"

As expected, a mother's intuition was keen when it came to her child. Reina swallowed her saliva and hastily made up a lie.

"No, he's still in the banquet hall. He's having fun with Amy, so don't worry."

At the mention of Amy, Olina seemed to relax. If something had happened to Sirone, she would have surely come here too.

"That's good. Don't worry. We're fine here."

"Ho ho! Yes. Then rest well. I'll be back soon."

Reina forced a smile and left the room as soon as possible.

Sirone's parents were safe. But Amy had no way of knowing that. Then it means she was threatened. Why Amy?

Reina stopped abruptly and said out loud.

"Sirone."

It was the worst situation.

She had not detected any danger in the banquet hall because of the effect of Ataraxia demonstration. It meant that most of the neutral parties had become friendly to Orkampf.

But that made Zion draw his sword. He even lied that it would be exposed soon and dropped Amy off.

There was only one reason he could think of.

He was planning to end it tonight.

'It's too late to follow Sirone now. Zion moved himself. That's why there was no intelligence.'

This was not the time to be doing this. The agent had just left Vincent's room, so it must have been over 20 minutes since Sirone parted ways with him.

Reina activated Sound of Silence, a skill of Schema ears. Her hearing was enhanced and she started to collect sounds from even trivial things.

If there was a high decibel sound from either side, that would be the center of the incident.

@

Amy followed Zion into the gallery in the basement.

She didn't know if it was originally quiet because of Wangseongji or if Zion had done something beforehand, but there was not even a single ant passing by.
```
[Translated block]


```text
Thinking about it, the banquet was going on until late at night, so the attendants who were not in charge should have time to sleep.

Amy thought it was rather good.

Zion was a royal, but his actual power was at the level of the nobles of his age. If she had the opportunity, she could easily suppress him with her own elite magic lessons since she was young.

That's why this space where silence was felt was the best situation for her. Because she could beat Zion without anyone's notice.

'If possible, killing him too...'

It was a troublesome thing to harm someone, but it was a luxury to think that way as long as Siroene's parents were caught.

Zion smiled like a gentleman and entered the gallery cave. Amy saw that the door was installed double and thought the same as Siroene.

'I have to save at least two shots to break the door and get out.'

But that thought disappeared when she saw the leisurely scenery of the gallery.

It was a room where all kinds of goods were collected.

She didn't know what they were used for, but they were not good things to torture or harm someone.

Amy looked over the only weapon that could be used in the north showcase.

She didn't know how well they sharpened the blade, but one sword that caught her eye was spitting out its sharpness by itself.

"Where are Siroene's parents?"

Zion said with a playful smile.

"Parents? Well. Do I have to know that?"

Amy's eyes became cold.

"Did you deceive me?"

Zion checked the time. It was time for an hour from now. The assassination time was not set exactly because he made a strategy with a small number of people.

There was bound to be some degree of fluidity in the situation, but on the other hand, there was also an advantage that he could cope flexibly with variables.

'An hour...'

He suddenly felt sorry. Amy was really a good woman. Wouldn't an hour be like a moment with such a beauty?

Anyway, while he killed time here, Zenoger and Arius would finish their work. He just had to eat the Ataraxia that rolled in.

"I'm sorry for lying. But I believe you'll understand. To seduce a beautiful woman, you need some kind of white lie, right?"

Amy didn't want to hear it. He lied first, so she thought she could be rude to some extent and shot back.

"I'll go back. I'll refuse this kind of errand from now on."

"Really? Can you do that after seeing this?"

When Zion opened his fist, a necklace with a yellow cross pendant came down. She could tell by the precision of the workmanship that it was an expensive item.

But Amy snorted.

She didn't know how many people fell for this trick, but Carmis family was also a famous name in Torumia Kingdom.

Even if he gave her a diamond, she wouldn't blink an eye.

"What are you doing now? Do you think you can buy my heart with this?"

Zion approached her with a sneer as if he knew it would happen.

"Just that? How about taking a closer look?"

Amy glanced at the pendant with disdain.

There was no reason for the royal family to carry alloy, so it must be pure gold, and roughly looking at it, it was about 500 gold coins in size that had to be melted to extract it.

There was a pearl in the center, but strangely enough, it was iron-colored and metallic.

It was far from the beautiful color of natural pearls.

The shape was perfect, but it was not something that women would wear for beauty.

'What is this? What's so special about this...'

Amy suddenly realized.

She remembered reading it in a book. A pearl with a dark iron color. It was the pearl of the Emperor Clam that lived in Alcantara Deep Sea.

According to geologists' research, Alcantara Canyon had the deepest sea in the world.

It was impossible for fishermen to collect because there was no light at all and the water pressure was enormous, and only national projects involving magicians could enter.
```
[Translated block]


It is known that the durability of the clams that withstand the water pressure of the deep sea produces a chemical substance that is harder than diamond.

That is, it means one of the hardest substances in the world.

It also had a perfect spherical shape, so it was versatile for industrial use.

Of course, there would not be many people who would buy such a thing with money, but according to what I read in a book, the pearls of the heavenly king clams could replace the ball bearings of ancient weapons, so they were quoted at least 200 million gold per one.

That's why it was used as a currency in trade between kingdoms that had difficulty transporting a large amount of gold coins.

'This is the pearl of the heavenly king clam....'

It was speculated that the reason why ancient weapons that came in before history could exist was because they were made of hard rock from heaven.

But no matter how ancient the weapon was, the parts of the operating engine had to wear out. To replace them, they had to have at least the durability of the pearls of the heavenly king clams.

200 million gold for one ball bearing.

He could guess how much budget the kingdom was pouring into maintaining the function of ancient weapons.

'Huh. It's over with this.'

Zion guessed that she was silent because she was conflicted.

How could it not be? What he handed over was not a single jewel, but a currency traded between nations.

"You have good taste. Most nobles swear marriage with diamonds. Because their hardness means love that never breaks. But this is a pearl of the heavenly king clam, which is harder than that. It's something that only direct descendants of royalty can use as a gift. How about it, do you want to promise our future with this?"

Zion smiled smugly as he prepared to put on the necklace.

Of course, he didn't seduce any woman with pearls of heavenly king clams. Even if she was really a good woman, it was crazy to give away 200 million gold at once.

But he didn't care if he gave away all the objects in this room right now.

It's because Amy would be over anyway when Shirone died.

"I fell in love with you at first sight. Will you accept my heart?"

Finally, Zion made a confession of his life. Amy stared blankly at him.

It would be a scene that many noble women dreamed of in their dreams, that Teraje's blood and Kazra Kingdom's first prince wooed them with pearls of heavenly king clams. That's why Amy felt like she was abnormal rather than feeling any emotion.

But she really didn't care. The first thought that came to her mind after hearing Zion's confession was that she had to go back to Shirone now.

"I'm sorry. I appreciate your kindness, but I can't accept such a burdensome gift."

Zion looked dumbfounded.

He had never seen a woman so calm after seeing pearls of heavenly king clams. Even if they were nobles, it was a situation where 200 million gold rolled in at once. Even if they weren't interested in him, they usually grabbed his hand when he offered it.

He thought he couldn't hold Amy like this, so he decided to show her a card that would surely captivate her by abusing his power.

"Then how about this? Give me your child. You can become royalty."

Amy looked flabbergasted.

'He's not even bloodied yet....'

Nobles also had political marriages, but royalty were one step ahead. They seemed to think their blood had great value.

Well, maybe it's true. Even now, there were women who wanted to conceive his prince in line.

But Amy didn't want to become royalty. That's why Zion's words were close to an insult.

"I'll go back. I don't think there's anything more to talk about with you."

Amy walked toward the door without waiting for an answer.

"This....!"

Zion pulled her wrist as strongly as his wounded pride. Amy quickly shook off his hand and backed away. Her wrist was sore from how hard he squeezed it.
[Translated block]


'A prince of a country showing such disgrace.'

Amy rubbed her wrist and glared at Zion.

"What are you doing?"

Her tone was emotional, but the angry person was Zion.

"How dare you reject me? Just a noble or something!"

Amy felt like she heard a novel insult.

The royal family of Tormia also gave way to Carmis. But such thoughts rather made Amy realistic. After all, the one who was here was not a royal family, but the son of Teraze.
[Translated block]