


Acceleration (2)

"Hmm."

Parkma, the brigade commander of the 7th Army of Hell's Army, lowered his axe and glared at Ifrit.

"This is a bit... interesting, isn't it?"

His boss shouted from behind Amy.

"Major! Hurry over here!"

"Go ahead. I'll buy some time."

"I can't do that!"

He couldn't retreat and leave his commander behind.

"Don't worry. I won't overdo it. If we don't retreat now, the unit will be annihilated." He heard the confusion of his men through the spirit zone.

"Hurry!"

The soldiers came to their senses at Amy's command and rushed out, and Parkma burst into laughter.

"That's awesome! Sacrificing yourself for your subordinates. Well, that's why it's fun to torment humans."

Amy kept silent as the more time she dragged on, the more survivors there would be among her allies.

"I've decided."

Parkma swung his axe, and a gust of wind blew, shaking Ifrit's body.

"You humans don't feel pain. I'll melt you slowly with sweet words."

As a woman who went to war, she was prepared for what kind of treatment she would receive as a loser.

"Disappointing. Is that all you have to say?"

The demon's threat, which was far too inferior to her determination, was rather ridiculous.

"I'm a man of action. Once you're in my hands, you won't have a chance to be disappointed."

That was also true.

Amy's eyes sparkled as she confirmed that her allies had distanced themselves and rushed forward.

'A demon brigade commander.'

It was a mountain she had to cross someday as she aimed for the Valkyrie corps commander.

'Fire fist!'

Ifrit's fist swung like a gale, causing explosions of fire from all sides.

Each step had the power of a high-level magic.

"Is that all?"

But once you reach a certain level, power becomes a basic skill that anyone has.

"It's not fun if it's too easy...

Parkma broke through Ifrit's flames and twisted his waist, holding up his axe.

"I like you!"

He unleashed a powerful blow, and a tearing sound erupted from the three holes pierced by his axe.

The sound of corruption.

The moment she heard the irresistible sound, Amy saw a hellish landscape unfold before her eyes.

'What is this?' Rotten arms came up from under the ground and grabbed her ankles, and soon corpses filled her surroundings.

'I can't move.'

Was she in shock?

'My mind is clear.'

She remembered hearing the horrible sound.

"Huuuuu...

The corpses that crawled up from the ground surrounded Amy and opened her mouth with their hands.

Parkma walked through them.

"Hehehe, I finally caught you."

He approached Amy and held out a centipede with dozens of legs.

"Eat it. It'll be delicious."

It was the epitome of disgust, but the trained magician's mind separated the situation and emotions perfectly.

'I'm not paralyzed.'

It was an illusion that occurred when the sound wave stuck in her brain.

'Time didn't pass.'

Time is an illusion of the senses, and the brain separated from the senses cannot feel the passage of time.

As soon as the bug entered her mouth, which was forcibly opened, Amy's eyes turned red.

Self-hypnosis can reset anything related to mental activity.

Her pupils turned red at the same time as cracks began to appear in the hellish landscape.

'I'll rewind it.'

To the state just before hearing the sound.

As soon as she came to her senses, she saw Parkma smiling grotesquely and reaching out his hand.

"I got you??????!"

Amy's body reflexively turned around, and Parkma's center of gravity shifted sharply forward.

"Pwooow!"

Amy's fist ignited with fire as she amplified her mind to the level of one island.

'Eat this!'

She hit Parkma's side with a blow that lifted him from his lower body with rotational force, causing an explosion.
[Translated block]


"Kraaa!"

Parkma, who flew away in the shock wave, had black smoke rising from his side.

"You...

Parkma's face twisted horribly, but Amy ignored him and took a fighting stance.

"I'll remember this."

A glint flashed in Parkma's eyes.

"I'll never forget. Even if I tear out your retina, I'll engrave your face on it. Remember. I won't forget you."

If you are immune to mental systems, the law of justice is disadvantageous. Parkma jumped up and moved away from the enemy's camp.

"I hit him with the intention of killing him."

I could feel the power of the division commander.

"Amy!"

Tes's voice was heard.

The cavalry unit she led was cutting through the demons.

"Tes!"

Tes, who had accurately stabbed the demons' eyes with three swords, pulled Amy onto the horseback.

"What are you doing here! They said they all retreated!"

Amy, who sat back to back, shot a fire magic behind her and shouted.

"How's the situation?"

"We're completely pushed back. The order came down to pull the defense line 2 kilometers."

Amy bit her lip.

'Damn it! I couldn't even kill one division commander.'

The difference in strength was clear.

It felt like a lie that the victory report from the other side of the world sounded like a bean in a drought.

* ? ?

Shirone raised her voice.

"What's going on?"

There was a murderous look in Sung-eum's eyes.

"The army of hell has completely taken over the sea. The 8th Army Commander Mitura. He is a demon who rules the sea. There is no way for Jinchun to stop him."

Shirone's expression changed at the name of one of the 10 army commanders.

"What about the magic world?"

"They haven't opened it yet. Even so, it's shameful that we're being pushed back. I heard rumors that you saved Kashan. Help me with my feet."

As Sung-eum tried to bow again, Shirone quickly grabbed her arm.

"Don't do this. I have to help if it's a fight with demons. But before that, there's something I need to check...

Shirone hesitated and Lian glanced sideways.

'I can't help but worry.'

He was secretly hoping for it.

That the command tower of Ivory Tower would rate the demons invading the Central Continent as the highest risk factor.

"I know what you're worried about.

I heard from Taesung."

"Huh? Taesung?"

There was a strong force in Sung-eum's eyes.

"If they take over the sea area, Jinchun will immediately attack Gustav. It's the base of the army of hell. If we can gain momentum there, Shirone realized.

"The army of hell fighting in the Central Continent will have no choice but to return to Gustav."

There was no army commander, but it was a unit with Habits.

"If you help Jinchun, we'll help you too. No, I'll find a way by any means...

"I got it."

He couldn't bear to see Sung-eum's stubborn expression crumple any longer.

He reached out to Salsoo and Material was released and <Law Kill> returned to Shirone's hand.

The reason why he could give mobility to his ability to create matter was because Material was Arman's mind.

'Sea battle...

I haven't fought in water yet.'

It was a testament to how short Shirone's growth period was, but Material would find a way.

"Let's go, Lian."

Lian nodded cheerfully and stood behind Shirone and Sung-eum cast an ether wave.

"Thank you."

The moment Shirone's lips slightly rose,

The three disappeared suddenly in the mountains.

Heavenly Third Thousand Shehakim.

Ikael, who organized the army of heaven, visited the immortal community, Shilohoe, before leaving for battle.

La Enemi called and nine officers moved to Jikuk, but only one remained here.

'No, I can't go.'

As he entered the secret room, a woman who looked like she was in her teens was sitting at one end of a long table.
[Translated block]
It was the left side of the seat where Sujang Veron was sitting.

"What are you waiting for in an empty place?" Son Yoo-jung, second in rank of the Tenro Association.

Unlike her startled appearance, she was over 10,000 years old and kept silent even at the visit of the Archangel.

'Did I do well?' It was a matter that had been talked about a lot at the White Mirror of the Archangel Conference, and Imir hated it.

In the history of heaven, there were powerful creatures who had reached the realm of destruction before Imir or Ogent.

'It will be out of control. Imir is different.'

Yoo-jung has no purpose in life.

She is rather close to evil in that she has no criteria for judgment.

'I wish she would come to her senses.'

The golden wheel that Ankele put on her head to restrain her became useless as Nane allowed her to destroy.

"Will you fight for heaven?" The reason why she had to take her with her was because Satan, the enemy of the angels, had descended on Jiguk.

'Son Yoo-jung is needed.'

Fight chaos with chaos.

This was the conclusion that Ikael came to after much deliberation before the final battle with Jiguk.

"For heaven?"

Yoo-jung turned her head and stuck out her tongue.

"Why do you do that?"

Ikael widened his eyes and swung his arm, and the chair shattered into pieces.

Squeak! Squeak!

The one who flew his body and stuck to the wall was not a human, but a monkey.

"I'm not asking a mere beast." She approached like a wind and grabbed the monkey's neck and pulled it in front of her face.

"Where are you now, your master?" The one Ikael was looking for was the descendant of the armed man who had attained enlightenment with the body of a monkey and rose to the ranks of God.

Son Yoo-jung, Son Goku's granddaughter.

Squeak! Squeak!

The monkey made a dying expression and pointed beyond the wall, and Ikael looked up at the ceiling.

The light wheel rotated and pierced through the wall in an instant, and a sky at an altitude of 2 kilometers unfolded.

Squeak!

The terrified monkey peed on the ground.

"Where is it?"

He pointed to the mountain range beyond the horizon, and Ikael's 'look' swept across the entire mountain range.

She sighed when she found Yoo-jung and became a flash of light and stretched out to the mountain range.

Squeak! Squeak!

As he landed on the ground, the monkey wiped his tears with his arm and ran into the darkness of the huge cave.

Ikael followed him and looked at the dim cave scenery with the light of his body of glory.

A girl lying on a dry sand-covered floor with black hair tangled like a horse's hoof used it as a pillow.

"Get up. Are you sleeping for hundreds of years?"

"Hmm?..."

Yoo-jung frowned and put her hand in her pants and scratched it, then smelled it.

Ikael, who knew how to handle her, shouted.

"Get up!"

"Ah, shit! Really
[Translated block]


"Friend? Who is a friend?"

"The tenth rank of the Shirokai, Morta Singer. She is being dragged by the evil ruler and suffering."

"What? Morta?"

Yoojung sprang up.

The only thing she could hope for was that the monkey knew his place.

"If you don't like it, you can't help it. Just keep sleeping here..."

"Wait."

Yoojung bared her teeth.

"Who is that bastard, the son of a bitch who tormented my friend?"

Ikael smiled and pointed outside the cave.

"Satan."
[Translated block]