


[671] Lord of Horror (2)

* * *

"Fire! It's the Grass Circus!"

Shagal, who was shopping at the market, dropped his load and ran towards the tent where the circus was.

"Trash kids!"

Shagal hated this place where he first met Raiden, even though he toured the entire Merhen Kingdom.

It was because the troublesome trio who had been harassing the circus had grown into a gang leader and were coveting Tia.

'No!'

He climbed the mountain in an instant with his genius athletic ability, but the flames were already blazing.

'If anything happens to Tia...'

Shagal shook his head.

'Just stay alive!'

From outside the tent, he could see the corpses, and it was hopeful in a way that the quick sword Raiden had broken the taboo of killing.

"Boss! Tia!"

When he flung open the tent, a bloody hell was spread out.

"Ti, Tia...."

Among dozens of corpses, Shagal immediately found Tia.

There were dozens of knife wounds, and next to her, the loathsome gang leader and his three men were dead with their tongues sticking out.

Everyone was dead.

Only one person, the quick sword Raiden, was sitting on a high box with his head down.

If he hadn't been shaking his legs, he would have thought he was a corpse.

His face was covered in blood, and his eyes were losing their vitality.

"La Enemy."

"Boss... why?"

Did he kill Tia too?

"Boss!"

The moment Shagal shouted, Raiden seemed to regain his senses and lifted his head.

"La Enemy!"

When he jumped off the box and charged at Shagal, the short swords rose by themselves as if led by the wind and were held in his hand.

As dozens of blades aimed at the vitals at the same time, Shagal instinctively unfolded the same technique.

The ownership of the short sword changed in real-time, and the master and disciple unfolded a tremendous hand technique.

As Shagal, who was praised as a genius by Raiden and operated as many as seven schemas, had already proven his worth.

As the ownership of the short sword completely shifted to Shagal, dozens of holes were pierced in Raiden's body.

"Haah! Haah!"

He couldn't remember what had happened or how.

All he knew was that Tia was dead, and he had killed the boss who killed Tia, and that horror was spinning in his head.

"Huuuuu!"

In his madness, Raiden spoke.

"Forgive me."

Shagal's head turned sharply.

"Why did you kill? Why... why!"

"Forgive me."

What was once Shagal's belief was now left as the last words of the boss, whose meaning he could no longer understand.

"Whyyyyy!"

* * *

While everyone was fighting with Igor's horror, Shirone was standing in a dark space.

Fear is an emotion that arises when you imagine something that hasn't happened or can't turn away from something that has already happened.

Nothing applied to Shirone, whose car value was close to 90 percent.

So what appeared before his eyes was the horror itself, Igor.

"Car, De Sumahm?"

Are you the only one?

The meaning of Igor was conveyed through the Ultima system.

"You can't suppress me. Please let us go now."

"No."

Igor raised his spear.

"You're not the only one."

When the spear of blue flame flew and stuck in the place where Shirone had flown, blue lightning spread out in a circle.

'It's dangerous if I get hit.'

He made a big detour with teleportation and fired a photon cannon, but the body penetrated by the flash of light disintegrated like smoke and quickly returned to its original form.

'Fear. It doesn't disappear just because you turn away, does it?'

Before he knew it, Igor had a new spear in his hand, and when he swung his arm at a tremendous speed, the blue flame filled Shirone's field of vision.

'Let's try this!'

Shirone, who flew into the air, implemented the incarnation of the Archangel and cast the Angel's Punishment.

The light and the spear of blue flame crossed countless times.
[Translated block]


The angel's punishment, which was poured out like a shower, was enough to shatter Igor in one blow, but every time, the flesh was endlessly restored.

'How do you get rid of it?'

The first restored right arm was endlessly thrown.

'Damn it!'

As Shirone avoided the thousands of spears rushing in like a tsunami, Igor's head tilted slightly.

"I've realized a little."

"What?"

Hyun bounced off and Igor's body line vibrated, then swelled to fill the horizon.

"Fear is within you!"

Igor's space was filled with blue spears.

In a situation where there was no place to avoid, a spear struck Shirone's body directly.

"Kuuk!"

As the shock spread, the will of fear bypassed 90% of Carl and worked on 10% of humanity.

Surprisingly, that fear was...

'What?'

It was a very old memory of Shirone's death.

'Ikael?'

In Arabot, where Anke Raga resides, Ikael was kneeling, and many believers were criticizing her.

The reason I couldn't hear the sound was because the subject of this memory couldn't hear the sound.

Shirone saw her crying so sadly for the first time.

It's not because she's being criticized.

Even death would not have come as a fear to her, the spirit of the archangel.

'Why are you crying?'

Her crying face revealed a very human emotion that could not be seen as an archangel.

It was maternal love.

Shirone suddenly shed tears.

'Why are you crying!'

The subject of the memory was definitely Shirone himself, but it was a memory that was never contained in his head.

'Kariel!'

The one who tormented Shirone terribly in heaven looked down at him with a haughty gaze and turned his head as if disgusted.

Suddenly I thought.

'What am I... what state am I in?'

What on earth is the state where I can't hear the sound, my vision is all open, and I can't even open my mouth?

A little later, a 3-angle Mara stuck his face in.

The face resembled a lizard with red skin, and flames were spewing from the long torn nostrils, but there was no feeling at all.

'What the hell am I!'

There was no way to see his own figure in any way.

As the 3-angle Mara slowly raised his upper body, a huge axe held in both arms soared into the sky.

'Is this my death?'

As the death that I had never experienced in my life seeped into my memory as a memory, fear began to creep in.

'I'm dying!'

As the 3-angle Mara's axe was stabbed, Shirone's life ended.

At the same time, the body pierced by Igor's spear convulsed and spread blue electricity all around.

"Uaaaaa!"

Fear!

Igor's fear ability created a cause by resurrecting the death of a previous life that was not in Shirone's life.

This was exactly what La Enemy wanted, and his case tried to infiltrate Shirone's brain.

-I finally caught it!

When the memory of the five senses tries to change Shirone's past, thorns popped out of Arman's robe.

Microcosm Creation!

As the memory of the five senses was completely blocked, Shirone's body fell into a dark space with a small torch lit.

"Hooook! Hooook!"

Still trembling with fear that has not yet disappeared, the sound of sharpening a knife was heard.

When I wiped my tears and raised my head, a woman with fangs sticking out of her lips was sharpening a sword on a grindstone.

"It's a pity, my lord. It's really a pity."

'Master?'

I was relieved just because the torch was warm and the sensation was back.

"Who are you?"

I had to ask even though I guessed.

"I'm sharpening a knife."

I thought it wasn't an answer, so I stopped walking towards her.

Only her face was illuminated by the light source, and her body hidden in the darkness was a collection of all kinds of creatures of tens of meters in size.

From the creepy sight, Shirone found familiar things.
[Translated block]


The true species of Jinmai, the atomic mineral species of Gap, and the figure of the fallen angel Icarus, who lost consciousness, were mixed up.

"I can be anyone."

Just by raising her upper body, her face rose 10 meters high, and her right arm, the only human figure, pointed a sword.

"Many beings have embraced and abused me. You are no different, Shiro."

Although it achieves mental integration, Shiro still holds the initiative.

If it was a combination of human to human, it was unimaginable how much pain it would be.

"But it doesn't matter. It's already prepared. That's why I just accepted it when you put many things in my body."

"Oh, that's......"

"It's okay. It's fate. But this is also fate."

"What do you mean?"

"The only time I call my master in my life is when I take his mind and body."

Shiro slowly backed away.

"Are you going to kill me?"

"There's nowhere to run. This place is me, and you."

Strangely enough, it was convincing.

"Please tell me why."

"I was broken by fear. All the masters I had to embrace did."

"I didn't break! I can still fight!"

"If I let you go as you are, you will die anyway, Shiro."

The woman rushed towards Shiro, revealing her vitality, after a moment of bitter smile.

"It was fun, though it was a short time."

Shiro cast a photon cannon in recognition of her sincerity, but she easily swung her sword and bounced it all off.

"It's no use. You and I are one."

He felt the past and future of 1 second at the same time due to the explosion, but she was everywhere.

'I'm sharing my time exactly the same.'

The blade will pierce Shiro's head exactly 1 second before and 1 second after, splitting his body in half.

In front of the absolute death happening in the integrated cognition, Shiro couldn't even dare to move.

'So this is the end.'

Because there was no room for denial, acceptance was rather easy.

Arian Shiro.

The moment the letters arbitrarily engraved on her body shone, another name engraved inside came to mind.

'I can't die like this!'

It is because Arian Shiro exists that he can think of the concept of Carmis Amyra.

'I exist because Armand exists.'

When the concept corresponding to the number 2 of the law hit the brain along the path of insight, lightning struck the dark space.

"......"

The woman's sword that swung through Shiro passed through him, and she slowly looked back at Shiro without showing any emotion.

"Is it... me who was cut?"

Sword of sensation.

Shiro and Armand, integrated into the Ultima system, were separated into two by the cut of existence and non-existence.

The woman who penetrated Shiro walked to where the torch was and started to sharpen her sword again.

"Go. It seems you can live a little longer."

"I don't know how to get out?"

"Lie. You already know, don't you?"

Shiro realized why he hesitated to leave.

"Um... thank you. And I'm sorry."

It was sincere.

"I'm not an existence. I'm a concept."

The woman turned her head and smiled with her eyes.

"I'll swallow anything of you. Get stronger."

Because asking her identity seemed to hurt, Shiro just bowed his head and turned around.

There would be terrible fear waiting for him when he left this place, but he was no longer afraid.

'Wait!'

Shiro's determined gaze aimed at the lord of fear beyond the thin film.

Park Ji-bo.
[Translated block]