


[409] Task Force (1)

Magic Association.

Sakiri, an investigator from the Inspection Department 3 who interrogated Canis and Arin before, was heading to the special criminal detention center in the basement of the association.

Blener, the third director of the National Intelligence Service, accompanied him.

The third department of the National Intelligence Service is the National Information Management Department, a secretive organization composed only of black agents whose ranks are not disclosed to civilians.

The reason why the head of such a department personally visited the association was to obtain one thing that could stop Gaold's plan.

It was Isabel's confession, a third-class grand mage.

"Anyway, it's a problem, a problem. Gaold, I mean. The shame of the kingdom. I didn't like him from the start. He makes a lot of people tired and escapes by himself."

Sakiri was not fooled by Blener's friendly impression.

It was a well-known fact among the inspectors that Rufist, who was temporarily serving as the magic association president, had been lobbied by Blener.

"That woman Isabel is really poisonous. She has a pretty face, but she's so mean. That's why magicians shouldn't be like that."

It's not a good thing to hear bad things about magicians from non-magicians.

Especially if the target of the bad talk is a third-class grand mage who has been respected for a long time.

But Sakiri did not show his emotions. He easily blocked his emotions when he needed them.

"In this field, I heard you're the best. Do whatever you want. I'll take care of the aftermath. You have to make that woman open her mouth."

"It's not an easy task. Even if she's a non-combatant, she's still a grand mage. She's not someone who would lie out of fear of pain."

"Hehe, isn't that why I called you? Sakiri of Inspection Department 3, who can't even pick bones out of any criminal."

"I'll do my best."

Sakiri answered dryly and sank into thought.

Rufist, who had been eyeing Gaold for a long time, wanted to get rid of him with all his association power.

'But the situation didn't go as planned.'

The problem was that Gaold's reputation was not bad in the association than expected.

He was crazy, but pure and strong because of that.

And this was definitely beyond Rufist's calculation.

The incident where Isabel risked her life to defend Gaold at the national emergency hearing left a lot of discomfort for the association magicians.

A person who was not Gaold's guard claimed Gaold's innocence.

And if it was Isabel's guarantee as a third-class grand mage, regardless of the truth, the standard of judgment would be shaken.

Rufist, who had reached the peak, became impatient.

He needed a reason to mobilize all his association power to get rid of Gaold, and that's why he reached out to Blener, the third director of the National Intelligence Service.

'This is my conclusion. But...'

There were still questions left.

It was dangerous for even the National Intelligence Service to force perjury and torture on a public magician. But how did they get approval?

'Who's behind this?'

Sakiri subtly probed Blener's intentions.

"How far do you need to get a confession? Isabel was actually Gaold's guard and defended him because of that. Is that enough?"

"Hmm, wouldn't it be a little more serious than that? It would be enough if she planned the assassination attempt on His Majesty. Whether she designed it or circulated funds, that's up to you."

'He's going to send her away completely.'

What happened in the basement today should never be known by anyone. He intended to cut off all branches that could be cut off.

That was why Sakiri was in charge of interrogating alone without any observers.

"Just don't kill her and do whatever you want to get her confession. I installed a video recording device. Then take out Obscura B and bring it to me. And you'll get a special promotion."

'That's what it was.'

The last puzzle in Sakiri's head was solved.

The torture process of the beautiful grand mage is recorded in full detail. Is there a better snuff for old politicians who joined decadent social gatherings?
[Translated block]


It's just that reason.

Outside, the king's assassination prayer is taking place, the magic association president is changing, and the world is about to turn upside down, but someone is just immersed in their hobby.

'Maybe this is also very human.'

Sakiri understood.

If you have the ability to do something, humans are beings who do it.

When he arrived at the special criminal detention cell, Sakiri fixed his gaze on the iron door.

Blener didn't show any interest in the situation inside the iron door, whether there was a hearing or not.

"Then I'll leave it to you. Deal with it as quickly as possible. You have to get a confession within 48 hours."

48 hours.

"Don't worry. It's because of this one thing that I came up here."

Blener patted Sakiri's shoulder as if he was reliable and turned his body.

Around the time when the footsteps echoing in the hallway disappeared, Sakiri put his hand on the security device of the iron door.

As he entered the spirit zone, the lock of the iron door that read his personal information clicked and opened.

As he pulled open the half-open iron door and entered, Isabel was sitting in a serial chair installed on the wall of the dark prison.

A model employee of the Magic Association who always maintained a neat dress and was proud of it.

But now he was a miserable criminal of Molgol with disheveled hair covering his face and power control device handcuffs on both wrists raised on his knees.

Two on each side, one on the side where the iron door was bent. A total of three video recording devices were installed.

Only one in front was blinking red and recording Isabel's condition for days.

"It feels strange to meet you in a place like this."

Isabel had no reaction.

He just repeated a futile breath in a posture that collapsed like a corpse.

Sakiri didn't care and checked the video recording devices while unbuttoning his sleeves.

"What do you think is the scariest thing I've ever felt in my life? That humans are given infinite freedom. Really. No matter how absurd it is, humans can do it."

Sakiri moved to the right wall after confirming that the video recording device on the left was turned off.

"Is it impossible to strangle your child's neck that doesn't hurt even if you put it in your eyes? If you think so, isn't it too stupid faith? No matter how much you love, just do it. That's what human freedom is."

Sakiri looked into the lens of the last device turned on in front and said after confirming the second device.

"Reset Obscura B for record storage."

When he pressed the button, the device turned off and prepared to restart.

Only after all three video recording devices were turned off did Isabel raise her head. The eyes that gave up hope confirmed Sakiri's face.

"By the way, tomorrow is your first son's anniversary."

Sakiri was currently a father of two daughters, but originally had one more son. But that son suffered from Trice disease, which rotted his whole body two years after he was born, and died two years later.

Sakiri was an irregular eater.

"Well, this is what life is. Shall we start then?"

When he lowered the switch installed on the wall, an incandescent lamp on the ceiling turned on and the prison became bright as day.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

Then the wall opened in succession and the prison expanded as long as the corridor.

All kinds of torture tools and equipment imaginable by humans were reflected there.

"I usually decorate torture rooms darkly, but I prefer bright ones. Torture is also a kind of communication. It would be more disgusting to see your body being destroyed, but just give up."

Sakiri sharpened his scissors to cut his prison uniform.

"What should we start with? What are you weak at? Pain? Foreign body sensation? Fear? Body transformation? Shame?"

Isabel said in a calm voice.

"You're kind, Sakiri."

"I understand it as an insult. There's no point in stimulating me before I start. It would be better to start with water torture
[Translated block]


"If not... why are you in conflict?"

Sakiri's hand movement, which was snapping scissors, stopped.

"Conflict?"

"You should know. No matter what you do to me, I won't retract my statement at the hearing. But your extra-legal 'truth of heaven' is an exception. I don't know the activation conditions, but there's no need to waste time with such childish games, right?"

Sakiri, who had been silently staring at the scissors, turned around with a sigh.

"Haa, this one or that one, only their mouths are alive."

Clang!

The scissors fell nervously to their original place.

Sakiri, who had been standing still, slowly turned his body and looked down at Isabel.

"...Why did you do that?"

Isabel tilted her head slightly as if she didn't understand.

"Why did you side with Gaold? You're not even a royal guard. Gaold or Lufist, it's the same to use the association for personal purposes. Lufist, who took over the association to gain power, Gaold, who became the president of the association for revenge. But why did you support Gaold?"

Isabel's answer was simple.

"I don't know."

"You don't know?"

"Sakiri, I don't know either. It's not a decision I made after thinking. Yeah, you're right, Gaold or Lufist are both selfish people. But the reason I chose Gaold is..."

Isabel paused for a moment and gave a bitter smile.

"I just liked Gaold a little better than Lufist. That's all."

"..."

Sakiri's jaw joint ticked left and right.

Then he turned his body back to the shelf where the torture tools were placed. His face was distorted like a sick person.

'Damn it. There was such an easy way.'

When did the name of a magician become a politician's dog?

Where are the people who fought with iron intelligence to uphold what they believed was right?

"...48 hours."

Sakiri picked up a torture tool that looked like a 20-centimeter-long awl.

"In 48 hours, Lufist will ignore public opinion and move the association. Of course, if you perjure yourself within that time, the time will be shortened."

Isabel hadn't thought of such a situation.

"48 hours. That's pretty urgent."

"That means Lufist is also impatient. He would want to rise to the president of the association with the support of more than half of the association members, but his position is precarious as long as Gaold is alive. In other words, as long as you hold out, Gaold can buy time."

Sakiri poked the awl with his fingertips and then looked at Isabel with cold eyes.

"I'll spare you your last dignity as a human being, as a woman. It's not because I have any good feelings for you. I just don't want to cater to the perverted tastes of those bastards as a magician. But the pain will be considerable."

Isabel didn't care. She just stared at the ceiling in oblivion, thinking about what was to come.

'Huhu, Gaold. You really are, how many people are you bothering?'

Yeah, why?

Why did she defend Gaold, who had nothing to do with her?

'Maybe I'm also fascinated by your madness.'

The video recording device restarted and the light came on.

Sakiri activated the remaining two devices and announced the start of an official interrogation at the place where three focuses were caught.

"I will now begin the interrogation of Isabel, former manager of the Magic Association's Magic Library."

Isabel's eyes came alive for the first time.

'Go ahead, Gaold. Beyond good and evil, beyond the future of humanity, go to the ultimate realm that humans can reach.'

Sakiri grabbed Isabel's hair and slammed it down violently.

His eyes widened as he looked at her slender neck.

'From now on for 48 hours. Hold on.'

A scream echoed in the corridor of the cell block.
[Translated block]