


[777] Chain Reaction (3)

* * *

Upon arriving at Zion, Miro held a meeting among the monks representing each sect.

Now that Buddha has left his seat, it was an excellent opportunity to attack evil, and the handling of the matter should be swift and strategic.

It took quite a bit of time as it was the starting point of a war without a deadline.

In the meantime, Gaold's party heard about Zion and reunited with Armin and Kuan.

"Is that writer Gaold?"

The monks' interest was all about Gaold.

'The human who defeated Buddha.'

Even though they would hear from Miro anyway, the young disciples couldn't control their curiosity.

They were still learning in terms of enlightenment, even though the power of the law was strong because they had no prejudice in their minds.

"What is enlightenment higher than Buddha?"

At first, Gaold didn't even pretend to hear, but as the numbers continued to grow, he eventually stopped walking.

'It starts!'

It became so quiet that even the sound of breathing could not be heard.

"Sit in the bathroom and put a lot of strength in your stomach."

As Gaold's voice was heard, the monks listened as if they wouldn't miss a single grain.

"What comes out of there is enlightenment."

As Gaold turned coldly and moved away, the disciples shared their opinions, tilting their heads.

"This is quite a difficult line."

The bald-headed child muttered with his chin propped up.

"Hmm, sit in the bathroom and put a lot of strength in your stomach. What comes out of there is enlightenment...."

He suddenly raised his head and blurted out.

"Poo?"

Enlightenment is poo.

"Maybe it means this? Consider enlightenment as insignificant as poo. In other words, don't be obsessed."

They were trying to think in a good way anyway because it was a saying of the one who defeated Buddha.

"That's right. Let out the enlightenment in your heart like poo, then you will get true enlightenment."

The children admired.

"Oh, the insight of Myeong-gun is excellent. Really... Do you mean to accept Buddha by throwing away Buddha?"

As the disciples of each sect murmured, Kangnan, who had been lost in thought, asked Gaold.

"What did you mean by that?"

Gaold spat out as if annoyed.

"What do you mean? It's just telling you to go and poop."

"Ahahaha!"

Kangnan's laughter adorned the cold sky.

"Huh? Why is that?"

As the disciples looked at Kangnan at the same time, Lilia, who was among the elders of Zion, approached.

"Mr. Gaold played a prank."

She was a totemist of the Akeanis sect, who had sealed Opus in an old sanctuary with Dante.

"A prank? Do you mean he lied?"

As the monks looked at Gaold with a surprised expression, Lilia smiled and said.

"That's not important. What's really important is that you guys have realized something from Mr. Gaold's words."

"......"

"Enlightenment is not grand or cool. It's just seeing something that was originally there."

Breathing is a great enlightenment for a newborn baby.

"Whether Mr. Gaold tells the truth or lies doesn't matter because he already knows."

In the end, all roads lead to one.

"Enlightenment is poo......"

As the monks looked at Gaold with awe, Lilia gave up her seat.

'He will be a great power in the world.'

Thinking so, she entered the makeshift temple prepared in Zion, and Miro, who had finished the meeting, came out.

"You've worked hard, Mr. Miro."

Miro also politely received the greeting.

"Yes. What about Gaold?"

"He returned to his quarters a while ago. He's a strong person. The power of evil will weaken more in the future."

Miro sighed softly.

"Do you have any concerns?"

"Well, actually......"

Thinking that it was not something to talk about here, Miro took Lilia's hand and went to a quiet place.

Miro, who had no reason to reveal his inner thoughts to others, was an exception when it came to Gaold's problem.
[Translated block]


"If it's Miss Lilia......"

Most of the monks in Zion were extreme figures, so there was no need to distance themselves.

"I see."

Lilia, who heard the two people's situation, nodded her head with a regretful expression.

"Do you feel guilty?"

"I don't know. This issue is too complicated. I need Gaold's help, but I don't think this is right."

"Of course."

Lilia was firm.

"The reason why good is different from evil is because it's not cowardly. I think Mr. Miro should speak."

The darkness lifted from Miro's face.

"Of course, I'm a third party to say this......"

"No, I need to meet Gaold now."

Lilia smiled and shrugged her arms.

"Have a good time."

How can one be human without love, no matter how much one fights for the world?

"Thank you, Miss Lilia."

As Miro left the table and it became quiet, she crossed her legs and propped her chin.

"Ha, I want to date too."

Dante's face came to mind in the head of a woman who had never properly met a man in her life chasing evil.

'I must have forgotten by now. I wonder if he's doing well?'

"That's right, I'm going. It's straight ahead."

There was no need to worry about having made a decision, but Miro's heart pounded as he walked to Gaold's quarters.

"I can't stand the frustration."

He will honestly reveal his feelings and decide whether to choose himself or the world.

'And if he chooses me......'

Miro's face turned red as he stopped in his tracks.

'But what if I'm really weird?'

It's okay to share love as you feel, but it's the first time in my life to honestly reveal it.

As Miro got more and more annoyed as he ran various simulations, he moved his steps briskly again.

'I don't know! Just turn off the fire!'

Finally arriving at Gaold's quarters, he saw Kangnan, Zulu, Armin, and Sein gathered.

"Huh? What's going on?"

"Mr. Miro."

Armin scratched his head with a troubled expression.

"Why are you gathered here? Where's Gaold?"

Sein spoke.

"He says he's leaving now. He's packing his bags."

Miro's eyes widened.

"At this time? Where is he going?"

"The battlefield."

Before Miro could offer a choice, it seemed that Gaold had already made a decision.

"It's because of you."

Kangnan glared at him.

"You didn't say a warm word on the way here. How can you be so selfish? Is that what you call good?"

Good is good, and love is love.

"Who dates out of pity? I'm also following my feelings. Besides, isn't it much better for you if I don't choose Gaold?"

"Kuk!"

As Kangnan couldn't refute and bit his lip, Miro closed his eyes and regretted his slip of the tongue.

'That's why I hate feelings.'

Unlike belief, it makes everything unknowable.

"I'm sorry. I know I'm bad too. But I've sorted out my thoughts now. Let me talk."

Miro, who grabbed the doorknob, said.

"Can everyone... make way?"

The explanation was enough, and when Kangnan turned around with a sad expression, the others followed her.

"Hoo."

When Miro, who calmed his mind, opened the door, he saw Gaold packing his bags.

"What, without knocking?"

"Hmph, I don't care what you were doing!"

Gaold finished packing his bag and put it on the bed.

"Don't bother. You have something to do. Just do it without thinking."

Miro closed the door with his back and asked.

"What about you?"

"......"

"So you're going to keep fighting for me? Suffering terrible pain? So what's left?"

"It's not your fault."

For the first time, Gaold made eye contact.
[Translated block]


"It's not your fault that I'm hurt, or that I've ended up like this. Abandon me in your heart. Then you can be perfect."

"So ask! What happens to you?"

"I'm fine."

Gaold's gaze was warm.

"Unlike the past when I couldn't do anything, now I can fight for you. It's about punishing the evil of the world."

Miro couldn't suppress her emotions.

"...What if you die?"

She couldn't stop the tears from flowing.

"What if you die? If you suffer all your life and die, what is your life? Where is such a life?"

"I won't die."

Even his smile looked painful.

"Until you can smile happily, until you look at me, I will never die."

Miro sat on the bed and gently held Gaold's hair with both hands.

'Yes, that's right.'

Gaold was that kind of person.

'A believer of Yor religion.'

He was a naive young man who didn't know the ways of the world and just wished for everyone's heart to be filled with love.

'I should have known.'

But only that talentless young man endured the hell of passion and confessed to Miro.

'I should have known at least then.'

She should have known when he called out Miro's name until the end, even when his limbs were torn apart on the day she said goodbye to the world.

'How stupid am I?'

Why did she think this man was a fool?

He was the one who saved her from heaven after fighting for 20 years in terrible pain.

'Kill the god...'

And kill again.

'Kill again!'

He, who had even defeated Buddha, now says he will kill all the evils of the world for his beloved woman.

"That's because it's you."

Miro, who hugged Gaold's face with both arms, burst into tears and shouted.

"Because you're the strongest person in the world!"

So.

"Until this war is over, I..."

Miro looked up at the ceiling and said,

"I will never love you. I will completely erase your existence from my heart."

Gaold said in Miro's arms,

"...Okay."

"I promise."

Miro sat down and stroked Gaold's cheek.

"If I can't love you, I won't love anyone else. No one else will have my heart."

So.

"You can meet someone else. If you want to give up a woman like me, you can give up anytime. If you can be happy for a moment, don't hesitate and grab that happiness. Promise!"

"...Okay."

If you can erase me with that.

"Gaold. Gaold...."

Miro, who was tenderly stroking Gaold with his eyes closed, wiped away her tears and ran out of the room.

Only after hearing the sound of the door closing with a bang did Gaold slowly open his eyelids.

A moment of sad emotion seemed to explode, but it soon cooled down like a dud.

"Just end the war."

Only for her.

Gaold, who had entered a simple purpose, stood up from his seat like a machine and slung his bag over his shoulder.

It was dawn before he knew it, and when he went outside, a cold wind that seemed to freeze his breath came in.

"......"

Under the lights on in the middle of the glacier, Zulu and Kangnan, who had finished preparing for departure, were waiting.

Gaold, who approached them, said,

"From now on, it's my fight."

Kangnan bit her lip.

"When was it not? Anyway, it's annoying...."

Duckling.

Gaold, who smiled and patted Kangnan's shoulder, approached Zulu, who had put Kaidra on standby.

"Where is the most fierce?"

Zulu answered as he heard.

"South."

It wasn't particularly strong in the devil's power, but it was a relatively weak area for humanity.

"I see."

Gaold looked back and said,

"Let's go, mutt."

Kangnan, a warrior of the Ramuay tribe, who was emitting a fighting spirit, raised the corners of her mouth and approached with big strides.

"......"

Gaold, who had approached Zulu, asked,

"Where is the most intense?"

Zulu answered as he heard.

"South."

It wasn't particularly strong in the devil's power, but it was a relatively weak area for humanity.

"I see."

Gaold looked back and said,

"Let's go, mutt."

Kangnan, a warrior of the Ramuay tribe, who was emitting a fighting spirit, raised the corners of her mouth and approached with big strides.
[Translated block]


"Definitely clean, right?"

No matter who loved whom, the only person who could cross the river of death with Gaold was her.
[Translated block]