


```text
[222] 1. Memories of Galliant (2)

"I'll finish it as soon as possible. Don't worry. I've had some surgery lessons before."

Surgery, unlike family medicine, uses schema. The doctor was also able to cut bones quickly because he could use basic schema.

"I'll start now. Hold him tight, he might have a seizure."

Tess cried her eyes out, but nodded her head. Amy and Arin, who watched her, couldn't say anything.

They would have run away if they had to choose. It was only because it was Tess, who had decided to take responsibility for Lian's life for the rest of her life.

"Hoo! Hoo! Then I'll start!"

"Stop it."

The doctor was startled by the voice he heard as he put the saw on his shoulder and turned around.

Shirone had regained consciousness and was getting off the bed. The exhausted healers lay on the floor, gasping for breath.

"Tess, what are you doing? Why are you trying to cut off Lian's arm?"

"Shirone, Shirone..."

Tess sobbed. She didn't know what to decide and left everything to the flow of the situation. Shirone's recovery was like rain in a drought.

"Shirone, what do I do? I'm going to cut off Lian's arm. Lian is now..."

"No. Cutting off his arm will ruin his life."

"But he'll die if we don't! Lian will die!"

"We can't do anything about it even if he dies. I won't allow it."

Shirone's words stabbed Tess's heart like a dagger.

Of course, Shirone was Lian's master. Lian would not blame Shirone even if he died.

But then who would understand her feelings?

"Tess, change your mind. Lian wouldn't want that."

"I know! I wanted Lian to be the best swordsman too! But that's important to Lian, not to me! I don't care if he loses an arm!"

"How can you say such cruel things! Can you say the same thing in front of Lian?"

"That's why I'm doing this! He's unconscious so I can do whatever I want! Lian is going to give up his sword now. So you should give up too! Doctor, please start quickly!"

"He's holding a sword!"

Tess's face turned pale as she turned away from Lian.

"Look at Lian! He's still holding a sword! He's still fighting even though there's nothing left but bones! And you want to cut it off? No one can tell Lian to give up until he gives up!"

Tess looked at Lian's arm.

Why didn't he let go of the sword? Did he want to remain Shirone's sword until he died? Then she would never have him all to herself.

But she didn't care. Because it was Lian. Because he was such a person...

"I love him so much."

Tess buried her face in Lian's chest.

She wouldn't treat him. He would be a swordsman even in death if he held his sword until the last moment.

A faint voice came out of Lian's mouth.

"Te...ss..."

Tess lifted her head with a jerk.

"Lian! I'm here! Are you awake? Does it hurt a lot?"

"Shirone, Shirone is..."

"It's okay! He came back safely! This is Zis's house! You're the most injured!"

Lian writhed and raised his upper body. His friends' hearts sank as he looked at his right arm that had nothing left but bones.

"What is this?"

Lian didn't flinch at all, breaking expectations. It was superhuman willpower to be calm even while looking at his ruined arm.

Tess realized that Shirone was right. He knew it. He knew how much determination he had engraved on his sword since the day he took the knight oath.

"Why is my arm like this? How did this happen?"

Lian was only annoyed. He felt no pain because his nerves were gone. He didn't feel like the hand holding the sword was his own.

"Lian, that's..."

At that moment, the greatsword fell from Lian's arm with a clang. The five finger bones spread out and blood spurted from his shoulder.
```
[Translated block]


```
"Rian! Rian!"

The doctor shouted as he pressed down on Rian's shoulder.

"The bleeding has started! Hurry up and get the hemostatic agent and bandages!"

No one moved.

The doctor glared at them with lively eyes, but then he heard a strange sound from Rian's arm.

Squelch. Squelch.

It was the sound of a mucous-like liquid hitting the bucket.

He turned his head and, like everyone else, stared blankly at Rian's arm.

The blood flowing from his shoulder was taking shape.

It was impossible. Even a grand mage of the recovery branch couldn't change the quality of blood.

"Wha, what are you......"

Rian calmly watched his arm regenerate. He felt a slight sensation of his arm being his own as his nerves recovered. He carefully examined every strand of muscle fiber and asked his friends.

"What happened? Can someone explain?"

"You ate a giant's arm. You cut off a giant's arm, and that giant fed you his arm. It turned into a liquid like the one used in Ewha's liquor and went down your throat."

"I cut off an arm? A giant's?"

He couldn't call it a memory, it was only a fragmentary image, but he vaguely recalled the scene where he cut off Imir's arm.

'At least I got one hit in.'

He put some strength into his arm and felt a powerful force. Was this also a secret related to Ewha's liquor?

At that moment, the room became quiet. When Rian looked around, everyone had their jaws dropped.

"What's wrong? You look like you've never seen muscles before."

"Are you really okay? It looks like your skin is regenerating too?"

"I guess so. I'm fine."

Shirone shouted.

"That's not what I mean, you idiot! How is this possible?"

"I don't know. It just happened, so I guess that's how it is."

Even if he was bold, it was his own body, shouldn't he be suspicious? Maybe he wasn't bold, but just stupid.

"That's it! He woke up!"

The mages who were in charge of Canis shouted.

Canis, who had raised his upper body, looked around with half-closed eyelids and said with a frown.

"Quiet. I'm sleepy, so don't wake me up."

And he lay down on the bed again and fell asleep without knowing anything.

It was a natural reaction since he had suffered from the object of sleep magic, but given the situation, his friends felt a sense of disappointment first.

Arin stroked Canis' head and whispered.

"Sleep well, Canis."

@

Three days after returning from heaven, Shirone's group received a warm welcome from Jis and Yuna.

They slept an average of 16 hours a day, and their job was to sleep, eat, and sleep again.

When they gathered in the living room for an early dinner, Shirone told them about what happened in heaven.

But he kept silent about the final war.

Rian often broke things with his right arm. His strength was too great to control. Tess said it would take time to develop the fine muscles that could adjust the strength subtly.

Tess polished and repaired her drone whenever she had time. She never let go of it and even stroked it with ghostly sounds while sleeping, so Amy and Arin had to tremble in horror every night.

Canis and Arin had a lot of time to talk alone. They seemed to have gotten what they wanted in heaven, but they didn't tell anyone what it was. They just honestly confessed that they had shortened Cadum's life span.

Amy walked around with the ancient spirit Jack O Lantern on. She pointed at the bouncing flames and said they were cute, and Rian said Amy was cuter.

When the boys and girls hung out separately, Amy often looked at Shirone for a long time. But true to her iron-willed personality, she didn't let her friends notice.

Shirone often sat on the sofa and got lost in thought. When he did, Archangel Ikael's face came to mind first.

Ataraxia's insight was still warm in his head.

Everyone who had gone to heaven had achieved their own goals, but no one had received as big a gift as Shirone.
```

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
Canis complained that it was cheating and asked him to reveal the secret, but he didn't know what he didn't know.

"Ikael... are you doing well?"

Metagate had to be left in heaven because of its function. The coordinates were reset, but with the technology of heaven, they might find a way to bypass the space-time of the labyrinth.

But in the end, Cariel couldn't go against Ikael's advice. As long as she sided with humans, the final war would not happen.

On the other hand, he wanted to see her again. He missed her when he thought of Peope, who was grumpy but had a tender heart.

"Shirone, stop sleeping. You should rest well today."

Amy was standing in her pajamas. She looked beautiful in the moonlight.

Both of them had been feeling obliged to talk about something for a few days. But in the end, they smiled at each other and concluded for now.

"Yeah, let's sleep."

Shirone went into the room where the boys were sleeping. In the small space like an attic, Lian's snoring echoed. Next to him, Canis was asleep with a pillow over his ears.

Shirone sat in the corner and stared at the darkness. He shivered when he thought that everything he had experienced was real. He smiled nervously and his eyes sparkled with starlight.

That night.

Jis came back from work at the port and opened the door with a bang. He looked around with a heavy breath and ran to the room where the boys were sleeping first.

"It's a big deal! Wake up! Hurry!"

He opened the door and shouted, and Canis's pillow flew and hit his face. No one woke up. It seemed that there was nothing big after going to heaven.

"Wake up! Don't get angry later!"

Shirone rubbed his eyes and woke up from his sleep.

"What's wrong? What's going on?"

"Get up and wake up the others! We have to go now!"

Jis turned around without time to explain and went down to the first floor. And this time he broke into the room where the girls were sleeping.

"Hey! Wake up! Yuna, you too!"

"Ah, what is it..."

Amy, who was asleep, lay down like a beast. Then she realized the situation and opened her eyes wide and turned her head.

"Hey! How can you just come into a room where girls are sleeping! Do you want to die?"

"Oops! Sorry! I was too urgent!"

Jis noticed his mistake when he saw the girls' pajamas. Tes, who was sleeping with her belly exposed, was an adult no matter how many times he saw her. But he really had no time to waste, so he grabbed Amy's hand and pulled her.

"Don't regret it later and wake up!"

"I got it, I got it. Hey guys, wake up. Jis has something to say."

"Ah, I'm tired. What is it?"

Meanwhile, the boys came down the stairs rubbing their sleepy eyes. Shirone regretted that he had wasted his sleeping time by showing off at night.

Aerin and Tes were tidying up their blankets, and Amy was being dragged out by Jis with sleepy eyes.

"You better not be kidding or I'll be mad. I'll hit you for coming into the room."

"Anytime! Just listen and you'll change your mind!"

After a lot of trouble, everyone gathered in the living room.

Jis wondered when to say it so that his friends wouldn't die of a heart attack and opened his mouth.

"Do you know what day it is today?"

"I don't know. Is it your birthday?"

"No! Once every ten years..."

At that moment, Yuna, who woke up late, jumped out of the girls' room and shouted.

"Brother! Chaos! Chaos!"

Shirone tilted his head and asked.

"What is Chaos?"

Before Yuna could answer, Jis shouted louder.

"Water dragon! Water dragon Chaos is coming here!"

@

"Mister, please go a little faster!"
```

How is my translation? Did I make any mistakes?
[Translated block]
The carriage carrying Shirone and his companions raced towards the port.

Amy bit her lip nervously. She was still in her pajamas because she didn't have time to get ready.
[Translated block]