


[460] The Call of Ra (2)

A white space.

Only archangels born from pure concepts could enter the archangel conference room, Baekgyeong, which had a texture like it was filled with ink without a speck of dust.

There, wrinkles occurred and archangels appeared one by one.

A perfect circular table rose from the floor, and seven archangels sat down.

The wings of light and the halo were invisible in the white landscape.

Here they were equal, and they could only present one opinion according to their own subjectivity.

The only exception was Archangel Ikael.

But she was not here now.

"It's been a long time. That everyone gathered."

Light's Archangel Rayel said.

He who ruled over electromagnetism was a slender man of three meters tall, with a neutral appearance and handsome features.

"One is missing. Ikael."

Existence's Archangel Metatron said.

He who ruled over gravity had a power that sucked even his voice.

His height was two meters, which was small for an angel, but his shoulders were wide and his chin was heavy and square.

"Ikael is in meditation. She can't attend the archangel conference anyway."

Uriel said, and Union's Archangel Metiel frowned.

She who had a beautiful wide forehead and golden hair swept back revealed a cold personality unlike her pure appearance, and her eyes were also sharp.

"Isn't that the problem? There is no abstention for the archangels. Whatever opinion comes out, there is no tie with seven people."

Originally, there were eight archangels including Ikael. And in the archangel conference, when opinions are perfectly divided, it is common to follow Ikael's will as the archangel leader.

That's how Ikael took responsibility for everything.

But now that there are only seven, no matter what agenda comes out, a decision must be made.

On the one hand, it would be a neat solution, but the problem was that the space they were in was Baekgyeong.

The archangels born from the original concept affect not only heaven but also hell, and even all the worlds connected to heaven by deciding on an agenda.

For all beings under the control of the Akashic Records, matters created in Baekgyeong are no different from God's revelation.

Dissolution's Archangel Satiel said.

"I think so too. It's dangerous to operate Baekgyeong without Ikael. Who will take responsibility?"

When looking at the angelic status diagram, as Kariel and Uriel were side by side like forms, Satiel was also side by side with Union's Archangel Metiel like sisters.

The beauty of the archangels was unmatched by anything, but her personality was much more cruel and cold than Metiel's.

"I will take responsibility."

Kariel opened his mouth as if he had been waiting.

"Kariel, you? You know what you mean by responsibility?"

He who was the most intellectual among the archangels knew nothing. That's why it was a question.

"Of course. I summoned the meeting with great extinction in mind."

"Let's hear what agenda it is."

At Metatron's words, Kariel spit out the words he had prepared in advance.

"Currently, impure movements are detected in hell. But Ra is not taking any action. I think it's time for the archangels to step up."

Light's Archangel Rayel asked.

"Does Ikael know about this?"

Kariel desperately suppressed his face that was about to crumple.

It had always been like that.

Ikael. Ikael.

Everyone relies on and follows only Ikael.

From the beginning, Baekgyeong might have been hers alone.

"She is no longer our leader. There is no need to ask for her opinion."

Metiel turned her head. A beautiful voice came out between her slightly parted lips.

"They are just humans, aren't they? Why are you so impatient? It doesn't matter what kind of movement the bugs show, you can just step on them anytime. I don't think we need to do what Ra stopped."

Uriel helped Kariel.

"There is no prohibition on human punishment. He just banned the activities of angels."
[Translated block]


```
Metatron said.

"What's the point? Why now? Cariel, what are you thinking?"

"The space-time of the maze has disappeared."

The vibration of anger from the archangels shook the space of the white mirror.

The first one to show his temper was Satiel, the archangel of decomposition.

"The space-time of the maze, disappeared?"

It was the first and greatest humiliation since their birth that the army of heaven, which had been above the archangels, had stopped marching and retreated in front of a mere human's ability.

It felt like cracks were forming in their angelic pride just by seeing Miro's face flickering in the glory body.

"Check it out for yourself. Also, Miro is currently captured in the Great World War. He's restrained from all his abilities."

Kiiiiiiiiiiing!

A deafening roar spread as six archangels unleashed their light wheels at the same time.

No creature could bear this sound, but no one sitting at the round table cared.

They checked with their own abilities and turned their light wheels back into glory bodies.

Cariel's words were true, and then they needed to reconsider.

The archangel of light, Reiel, said.

"So what's the agenda?"

"We mobilize all our power and attack the land of earth."

"Hmm."

Metatron stroked his chin.

The fairies and giants were separate independent units, but it was no exaggeration to say that 70 percent of the power was in the hands of the archangels.

It's just that the status of the archangels was too high to get everyone's consent.

If a decision was made in the white mirror, it would be enough to sweep away the human world with just the angels and maras they led.

"But Ra forbade angelic activity. What do you think about that?"

"That's why we're activating the white mirror. We came from Anke Ra, but we are not bound by his laws. We are concepts of origin. If it's a decision of the white mirror, Ra won't be able to do anything about it."

The archangels nodded their heads.

Of course Cariel's words were right, but their minds were different from human thinking.

"That's, what humans call rebellion, right? Wasn't it only humans who wanted to deny their higher beings?"

Reiel's words made Uriel look at Cariel with a meaningful expression.

What made Cariel like this?

"It's not denying Ra. It's time for us as archangels to make a decision."

"Emir..."

A dull voice echoed in the white mirror.

"He's not moving."

All the archangels looked at one archangel.

The archangel of extinction, Piel.

The most inscrutable among the archangels, he had a small stature of 1 meter 70 centimeters, almost like a human, and wore a white robe with a hood covering his face.

There weren't many beings in the universe who knew his face, but even if they did, they wouldn't be able to define his face.

He was born last among the archangels, but ordering by sequence was a human way.

Rather, he was exactly opposite to Ikael, the archangel of amplification, in terms of schema, and could be seen as having a different track from the middle-ranked archangels.

Metiel asked.

"Emir's law is the vanguard of war. If he doesn't move... does that mean there won't be a war this time?"

"It could mean our victory without a war."

"Or it could be the opposite."

Cariel was annoyed by the archangels who cared about a single giant's existence.

"Hmph, does it make sense for a higher law to care about a lower law? Anyway, let's start now. If more than four agree, we'll destroy humans. Sweep away hell in an instant and destroy the land of earth."

The archangels fell into thought.

Cariel wanted war, but there was no concept of persuasion for angels anyway.

Their incarnations were too clear, and they didn't have enough knowledge to be swayed by unknown variables.

In the end, they had no choice but to make judgments according to their own personalities.

As promised before, Uriel raised his hand first. Then Cariel raised his hand, followed by Metatron and Reiel.
```
[Translated block]
The only one who did not agree was Piel.

Even in the absence of Ikael and the rejection of Anke Ra's prophecy, most of them agreed because of the firm self-esteem of the archangels.

'This will get rid of the annoying humans.'

A meaningful smile appeared on Kariel's radiant body, and Ikael's face flickered.

* * *

Ikael, who arrived at the top floor of Arabot, looked at the iron door in front of him for a moment and reached out his hand.

Dong! Dong! Dong!

Anke Ra's heartbeat made a loud noise and leaked out through the gap in the door.

"Anke Ra, your servant requests an audience."

A huge body with reddish-brown skin wrapped in mucus.

It had no personality to speak of, but it was a characteristic that symbolized Anke Ra's totality.

Inside the 26-ton body, all the organs that make up a living being are maintained with only the potentiality before expression, and the nerves that extend from the end to the wall act like a brain by eroding the entire space.

The center of the body bulged and then was cut horizontally as if by a razor.

Then the skin peeled off and a huge pupil popped out and looked around like a newborn baby.

Ikael took a deep breath at the sight of Anke Ra, who he met for the first time after his recovery.

The nerves on the floor meshed with each other, creating a bizarre high-pitched sound that manifested as a voice.

"Squeak! Ikael, squeak! The hellish, squeak!"

The annoying sound that seemed to tear the eardrum gradually stabilized and turned into a low tone.

"The heretics have started their activities."

Ikael bowed.

Anke Ra's first concept. That's why Ikael is special.

He made a decision not to drop her as a fallen angel even though he committed a sin that should never be committed.

"No heretic can defy you."

"Someone in the world beyond the space-time of the labyrinth is seeking change."

Ikael lowered his head.

Anke Ra is an Akashic record.

It is not an ordinary human who can seek change within his concept that encompasses everything.

"That change is leading to results in the present. Maybe there is no time to hear his answer. That's why I'm paying for your sin."

Ikael was lost in thought.

Anke Ra's reason for avoiding war is ultimately to hear some answer.

"I have one thing I want to ask. What kind of answer do you want for your question?"

"Why am I......"

Anke Ra said.

"......not there?"

Ikael's eyes became faint at the question.

Memories from long ago flowed beautifully along the surface of his radiant body.

And also a boy's face.

"I'll take care of it."

Ikael said in a firm voice.

When he becomes an archangel, he can have all the authority of heaven.

Of course, his control over other archangels will be weaker, but at least he can prevent meaningless sacrifices.

"There is a condition."

"What do you mean by condition?"

"I will erase your sin."

Ikael's eyes widened.

Erasing it with an Akashic record is different from simply disappearing from other people's memories.

No one, not even Ikael himself, will lose their memory of it.

The only beauty left to her, who had chosen to be prepared for corruption and even annihilation, would disappear.

"There is a human who can bring me an answer in hell. Can you accept it?"

Ikael's radiant body trembled.

It was fear.

The memory that should never be forgotten, or that seemed impossible to forget, would be erased.

'But......'

Ikael's eyes became fierce.

'That's why, all the more, I have to regain my position as an archangel.'

Ikael nodded his head after making a decision.

"I accept it."

Anke Ra did not ask twice.

His eyes opened wide and the information of the whole world shook like waves.
[Translated block]


As Ikael's glorious body spread out like a wheel of light, a black droplet smaller than a speck of dust began to fall out.

"I'm sorry."

A tear ran down Ikael's eye.
[Translated block]