


[745] Age of Turbulence (1)

"Foolish mortals."

In the deep forest, Nane's eyes, looking up at the sky, were filled with anger.

"Do you see real hope in this world?"

Isn't it human beings who betray even their hearts, which can be bigger than the universe?

Is it natural for creatures to be selfish?

"That's just an illusion that arises from being trapped in my existence."

"Nane, how about hitting the South Pole?"

Shura opened her mouth.

"...Someday we will have to."

If there was a law that could be removed right now, the spiritual realm would not have shrunk so rapidly.

The creature's horrifying obsession with life.

'Veron, Shirone, Miro....'

The Car Index, which exceeds 99 percent, is sucking up the remaining truth in the world like a black hole.

But because it can never be perfect, I had to find out what I missed about humans.

"There will be great chaos in the world. The law will inevitably come to me."

Everyone will know how cruel humans are and why this world needs to be closed.

* * *

"Just a little more!"

Even as the blood vessels burst and tears of blood flowed, Miro's gaze was squarely on the law of the world.

The radius of the spiritual realm is 4.4 kilometers.

'I need to reduce it by another 100 meters! No, even 10 meters!'

It is estimated that about 300 people can survive per meter of radius.

Ooooooooo.

The monks of Jungcheon-dong supported the law with the lowest bass that humans can make.

Miro's eyes widened.

'No! This is it!'

If I get greedy any more, Zion's law will be destroyed and all the efforts so far will be in vain.

"Seal it!"

The totem engulfed in flames ascended to the sky, forming 700 pillars of fire.

"It's done."

As long as Zion is not destroyed, the 700 pillars of fire that will never go out will block the expansion of the spiritual realm.

"We did it. We did it."

While the lawmakers looked up at the sky with an expression of disbelief, Miro's eyes were fierce.

"It's annoying...."

The final radius of the spiritual realm is 1.43 kilometers.

The fact that the radius is 430 meters wider than the original target means that about 100,000 more people have died.

"It's amazing that you've come this far against Nane. You can be proud."

Armin comforted her.

'No, honestly, I didn't think I could do it.'

It was not a result achieved only by the depth of the state.

The cunningness that blocked all the armies of heaven with the barrier of dimensions was clearly revealed.

"It's okay. We haven't achieved anything yet."

Miro declared to the world.

"The fight starts now."

Project Zion.

It was the name of the last legal defense line against Nane's attack.

* * *

As the spiritual realm shrank, the armies of each country, under the direction of the temple, pushed the demons from the guideline.

"Shoot! Shoot!"

It was impossible to seal the altar, but at least they had to buy time to set up a barricade outside the spiritual realm.

Even using the ultra-fast barrier construction method developed by the world's best architect, it takes 36 hours.

The way the temple chose to tie the demons to the world's passage for a moment was extremely simple.

"Don't save it! It's all about pouring it all out!"

The sight of thousands of archers shooting magic arrows from 360 degrees around the spiritual realm was spectacular.

All the materials were provided by the temple, and about 9 million tons of magic arrows were expected to be supplied to each country for 36 hours.

'What a waste of money!'

When converted into money, it amounted to 1.3 trillion gold, and all the soldiers had to do was keep shooting arrows at the bombing site day and night.

The commander raised his telescope and looked at the altar.
[Translated block]


"It's a strategy that's possible because it's a holy war. And it's certain."

There would be discussions among the demons of the world, but for now, they couldn't muster the courage to come out.

The commander slowly lowered his telescope.

"But there must be a limit to the amount."

In the place where the sunset was setting, monstrous steel structures were rising at a terrifying speed.

"Everyone is fighting."

Shirone looked back on everything that was happening on the planet from the perspective of the sun.

The expression of the sun was also solemn.

"Miro finally did it."

"Yes, it's a pity. If we had pushed a little more......"

"Rather, Zion would have been destroyed."

Shirone knew it too.

The reason why she still felt regretful, despite this, was the number of people with the will of the line, which was desperately lacking compared to the population.

"I have to do it."

Shirone said, looking back at the sun.

"I can't just stand by and watch. I'll go down to the ground. I will seal the altar."

"Of course. But the time for Shirone to step in is after the barricade is completed."

She wanted to leave right away.

"Shirone, a star is a position that should not aim for the benefit of a specific country or a specific person. If Shirone seals the altar of a certain country in advance, the dispute among humans will intensify."

Shirone clenched her mouth tightly.

"Shirone must act beyond human life, in a transnational activity. You can't kill someone from the desire to save someone. Causing confusion only helps Nane's purpose."

The reason why she felt devastated was because there were people she wanted to see so much.

"......I understand."

Family, friends, lovers.

Looking at Shirone, who had taken on a huge burden beyond the shackles of an individual, the sun looked pitiful.

"Take this."

When the sun raised both hands, a pendant symbolizing the five-pointed star appeared and floated towards Shirone.

"What is this?"

"It's the key to Planet Hexa. It's just symbolic for Shirone, but you shouldn't be lost."

If you use the material, you can disassemble the key of Hexa to the atomic level and get the blueprint.

"Thank you. I'll cherish it. Of course, I don't think I'll find Hexa right now."

The sun understood Shirone's heart.

No matter how much she entered the realm of infinity, she couldn't be heartless once she returned to this world.

No, it was all the more because she had nothing but her heart left that she missed her loved ones.

"Just go down now. Ruber and Mini are waiting. They will guide you to your home."

Shirone lifted the light of Yahweh on her palm and said,

"Yes. I'll see you when I leave."

The sun does not prohibit the stars from entering and leaving.

It was just that there was no way to meet, but Shirone could come to her anytime.

'I'm going down.'

Just as when she arrived at the Earth Temple, the law opened the way and Shirone's body disappeared in an instant.

Ruber was preparing a gift for Shirone, so a smile spread across the sun's face.

"It's only this much I can do for you who sacrificed for humanity......"

It was a sad smile.

"I hope it's a pleasant dream......"

Under the Earth Temple, at the top of the Ivory Tower, which is physically the highest, Ruber and Mini were waiting.

"Did the conversation end well?"

"She was a nice person."

The sun was warm like a mother.

"I will guide you to your place to stay."

When they arrived at the 400th floor by elevator, a small village with fields, mountains, and streams appeared outside the door.

"Stars don't necessarily live in independent spaces. They just go into empty houses."

"Yes. I like it."

Originally, civilization was built in nature, but the Ivory Tower contained nature within civilization.

'How big a building is it?'

It was a pity that she couldn't see the Ivory Tower from the outside because she had entered the interior through a magic circle.

"Shirone, a star is a position that should not aim for the benefit of a specific country or a specific person. If Shirone seals the altar of a certain country in advance, the dispute among humans will intensify."

Shirone clenched her mouth tightly.

"Shirone must act beyond human life, in a transnational activity. You can't kill someone from the desire to save someone. Causing confusion only helps Nane's purpose."

The reason why she felt devastated was because there were people she wanted to see so much.

"......I understand."

Family, friends, lovers.

Looking at Shirone, who had taken on a huge burden beyond the shackles of an individual, the sun looked pitiful.

"Take this."

When the sun raised both hands, a pendant symbolizing the five-pointed star appeared and floated towards Shirone.

"What is this?"

"It's the key to Planet Hexa. It's just symbolic for Shirone, but you shouldn't be lost."

If you use the material, you can disassemble the key of Hexa to the atomic level and get the blueprint.

"Thank you. I'll cherish it. Of course, I don't think I'll find Hexa right now."

The sun understood Shirone's heart.

No matter how much she entered the realm of infinity, she couldn't be heartless once she returned to this world.

No, it was all the more because she had nothing but her heart left that she missed her loved ones.

"Just go down now. Ruber and Mini are waiting. They will guide you to your home."

Shirone lifted the light of Yahweh on her palm and said,

"Yes. I'll see you when I leave."

The sun does not prohibit the stars from entering and leaving.

It was just that there was no way to meet, but Shirone could come to her anytime.

'I'm going down.'

Just as when she arrived at the Earth Temple, the law opened the way and Shirone's body disappeared in an instant.

Ruber was preparing a gift for Shirone, so a smile spread across the sun's face.

"It's only this much I can do for you who sacrificed for humanity......"

It was a sad smile.

"I hope it's a pleasant dream......"

Under the Earth Temple, at the top of the Ivory Tower, which is physically the highest, Ruber and Mini were waiting.

"Did the conversation end well?"

"She was a nice person."

The sun was warm like a mother.

"I will guide you to your place to stay."

When they arrived at the 400th floor by elevator, a small village with fields, mountains, and streams appeared outside the door.

"Stars don't necessarily live in independent spaces. They just go into empty houses."

"Yes. I like it."

Originally, civilization was built in nature, but the Ivory Tower contained nature within civilization.

'How big a building is it?'

It was a pity that she couldn't see the Ivory Tower from the outside because she had entered the interior through a magic circle.
[Translated block]


Shirone's house was a two-story wooden building with a red roof and had an old-fashioned atmosphere.

Mini asked.

"Will you leave as soon as the barricade is completed?"

Since only Shirone could seal the altar, she was thinking of supporting the other side.

"Then I'll go to the southern hemisphere and investigate the traces of Veron. You might get some hints."

Rubber nodded.

"I will instruct the other stars of our department to help suppress the demons."

It was a simple task to convey through dreams.

"The inhabitants of the underworld are strong. Many people will die or suffer in the future."

"If you have someone you want to protect, protect them."

At Mini's words, Shirone turned her head.

"I know what Taesung said. That's the fate of the stars. But you've already saved everyone. You have enough qualifications to save at least the people you love."

Shirone bowed her head.

"The moment I obsess, Car will go up and lose the light of Yahweh. The balance of the law will be broken."

"It's unbearable. Even if you have enough power to protect, is it okay for your loved ones to die?"

"It wouldn't be okay."

Nane had said this.

-The most painful person is you.

A terrible contradiction that protected humanity through filial piety but could not protect anyone he loved.

'I must not become human. I must only check Nane as a concept.'

It was the reason for Hexa's existence.

"Let's focus on the altar for now. As soon as the barricade is installed, we will start from the nearest place."

Thor Mia was far from the Ivory Tower, so it was not a human decision, and tears of blood flowed from her heart.

Rubber said.

"I agree too. Because it's a situation where only a decision to save humanity is possible."

At the unexpected cold words, Mini turned her head, but Rubber was smiling kindly.

"But... anyone can dream."

At the incomprehensible words, Shirone blinked.

* * *

Kingdom of Thor Mia.

In Amy's hometown in Creas City, 200 armed forces were holding a solid position.

Amy's father, Shakora, who had been to the Magic Association's Creas branch, entered the mansion with cold eyes.

"Honey! What happened?"

As the spiritual power expanded to the aristocratic area, the bodies of dead demons were scattered on the street.

"There was a big damage in the mountainous area. The number of deaths nationwide is 7,000. But it seems that they have blocked it for now."

"What will happen to Thor Mia in the future?"

In front of the worst disaster in human history, the hostess of the first-class nobility was just a human being.

"They tied the feet of the demons with a firepower demonstration, but the barricade won't last long."

If Amy wasn't home, Isis, who would have already become a meal for the demons, shivered.

"Did you say Shirone went into the Ivory Tower?"

Amy, who had been bowing her head due to the fatigue of the battle, looked at Isis for the first time.

"It's not certain. But it seems to have played a key role in preventing this incident."

The information Shakora received was up to there.

"They say where Shirone is safe from the demons...."

Only the Ivory Tower and Zion were unique places that were not affected by the terrible disaster.

"If our family can go there...."

"Mom!"

Amy stood up abruptly.

"What are you talking about now! How can we think of surviving alone!"

"Amy, what are you doing to your mom."

Shakora, who had seen the terrible corpses and returned home, was also sharp.

"You're going to be a soldier, but not everyone is a soldier. It's natural for a mother who can't fight to be scared."

"But it doesn't make sense."

Isis spat out in frustration.

"Why doesn't it make sense? Even if going to the Ivory Tower is out of the question, isn't it natural to come to the royal family in this situation? You're not just an acquaintance...."
[Translated block]
Amy couldn't argue back.

"That is......"

Between all mankind, there are Shiro and Nane.

It's hard for humans, who are just thinking reeds, to understand the two people who have penetrated the extremes.

However, now that the world is on the brink of destruction, they were the ones who derived the answer closest to the truth.

"I'm sorry. I'm tired, so I'll go to bed first."

"Amy......"

Isis, who realized that the person who feels the most betrayed is her daughter, tried to speak, but Amy went into her room.

"I must have said something wrong."

"Leave her alone. She won't be hurt by this. She'll clear her mind after a good night's sleep."

That night, Ruber appeared in Amy's dream.
[Translated block]