


"Possibility (2)

“Ugh!”

Only after flying 20 meters did he feel the pain, and Jaycee desperately held onto his fading consciousness.

'Stop! Stop!'

He applied reverse thrust with Blo series magic, but his body bounced off the ground like a ball, only intensifying the pain.

“Ahhhhhh!”

She realized for the first time that a person could roll this long and this much.

She rolled endlessly, and it seemed like the end was waiting at a very distant point in time.

'I'm going to die!'

She thought she would die from rolling.

At the moment when she felt something breaking with a crunch, a powerful force suddenly stopped her.

“Huh! Huh!”

Jaycee, who was spinning in her arms, focused on his body while looking up at the sky.

'3 broken ribs, fractured wrist, ruptured ankle ligament.'

The moment he made that judgment, what came to mind was what kind of magic he had been hit with.

'It was just light.'

Although quite a bit of information about the particles of God is now known, North Eymond was an exception.

'There is no such wizard here.'

If a 3rd class great wizard is hit by a single magic, he should be a 1st class wizard.

"You've stepped on it properly. It must have been a good experience for you."

Minerva clicked her tongue and breathed the witch's breath into Jaycee's lips.

“Ah…….”

After being momentarily ecstatic, when he came to his senses, the pain in his body had disappeared without a trace.

“I put it together roughly. Don't fight.”

Jaycee's eyes bulged.

“I can't do that! There are still thousands, tens of thousands of people to kill...! Kuk!”

When his side twitched, Jaycee hunched over.

'Anger is beautiful.'

Minerva, who was watching him lovingly, changed her expression and got up.

Shirone was standing in front of her.

“What are you doing now?”

“You know. If you still don't know, you're underqualified. North Eymond conducted an experiment that threatens humanity.”

“So what are you going to do?”

“As you can see…….”

Minerva introduced the sight of numerous demons turning into ashes and disappearing.

“I have to finish one by one. Soon, North Eymond will disappear from the world map.”

The fact that she does not show room for compromise means that she has also grasped the essence of Igor.

“Garasu too, but the control of the altar has already been handed over. You see those demons? Even now, a huge number is coming out. It's hard to finish without mass murder.”

“That's cruel. People who have nothing to do with it will be involved.”

“Of course. But minimizing damage is my job. And honestly speaking…….”

Minerva's eyes changed.

“There is not a single person in the world who would be unfair to die.”

“…….”

“If you are strong, you can choose. Whether it's good or evil. But the weak have no weapon to become strong except evil. When they do something evil, people are scared. That he might suffer such damage.”

Minerva's pipe pointed to Vaseto.

“Do you think he's different? If he was as strong as you, he might have become a worse guy than Igor. No one knows that.”

She knew what kind of person Minerva was in the elevator of the Ivory Tower, and why she became like that in the story of <Law>.

Since compromise is difficult, Shirone also said her words.

“Stop the massacre. I will take care of North Eymond from now on.”

The person who least wanted to do that was definitely Jaycee, and he approached Minerva, holding his side.

“Did you know each other?”

It should be that much to not be ashamed.

“Should I say I know? He's a work colleague.”

“Huh? Work colleague?”

Jaycee, who confirmed where her workplace was, widened his eyes and looked at Shirone.

“Is that person also a star?”
[Translated block]


"Yes. It's awkward. I would have kicked him out if he was from another star, but he's the same rank as me."

Same rank as Minerva.

"What about the Five Great Stars?"

"Yes. I'm from the Human Safety Enforcement Bureau, and he's from the Integrated Universe Management Bureau. But the problem is......"

The Integrated Universe Management Bureau is a bit more strict to Taesung.

Jaycee, who didn't know about the internal struggle in the Ivory Tower, was just interested in Shironne.

"He seems to be just twenty......"

Well, Minerva's actual age is over seven hundred, isn't it?

"That's right. He's twenty."

Jaycee looked back at Minerva with a ridiculous expression, but it wasn't a joke.

"And he's the strongest magician of mankind. No, was he second in line?"

Minerva, who subtly mentioned Nane, said with a playful smile.

"Well, let's make it a tie for first place."

"Don't provoke a childish fight. I'll take care of Nane. The problem now is you, Minerva. Nothing will be solved like this."

"Then what are you going to do?"

"Undo the disaster magic right now."

She was killing everyone with the deadly gas she had scattered, including the demons, the second generation of demons, and the civilians.

"Do you have a 'Law Killer'?"

Shironne frowned.

"Let's make a deal. If you hand over the 'Law Killer', I won't pass this issue to the Integrated Universe Management Bureau."

"I can't do that."

"Are you going to hand it over to Kashan? It's not a position to care about politics."

"No. I think it would be more painful if you had it, Minerva."

The deadly gas disappeared.

"Just because you sacrificed for everyone doesn't mean you can protect everyone. Neither you nor Nane are gods. And not even Geopin. Even if you reach the infinite realm, it's just human infinity."

Minerva pointed to the battlefield.

"See? Many people are still being killed by demons. You can beat them, but you can't save everyone! You should stop playing god and choose and focus!"

That's why it's annoying.

"To Nane, to Kashan, to the altar, to humans, to evil......! You can't do everything! You can't even protect the people here right now!"

Verdi and his family shouted from the other side of the supply line.

"Dad! Dad!"

"Verdi!"

Baseto flew, and the demons chased the family with terrifying weapons.

The situation was analyzed simultaneously.

The second generation of demons were slaughtering the garrison, and far away, the commander of the 48th military facility, Godan, was cutting down his subordinates with a military knife.

Minerva said.

"This is reality! Killing them all minimizes the damage! So leave it to me and get out!"

"What is reality?"

It's the moment you give up.

"How do you know without trying?"

When Shironne concentrated, the Spirit Zone grew to an unimaginable size and covered the military facility.

"This, this can't be......"

In front of Yahweh's spirit that transcended human limits, Jaycee didn't dare to interfere.

'Quantum Superposition!'

100,000 overlaps.

When he explored Andre's labyrinth, Shironne, who had a much higher number of entities, cast teleportation in all directions.

The spreading light was about to blind him, and many people experienced a miracle at the same time.

"Kuuuuuuu!"

In the five senses, time, space, and mind were added to create a synesthetic experience through the Spirit Zone.

That transcendental information analyzed all situations without a single error and saved people who were about to be hit by demons.

"Damn Yahweh! Disgusting Yahweh!"

Only the demons were in a state of extinction, and the second generation of demons stopped acting as if they were scared.

"Ah, aaaaaa......"

Verdi, who was looking up at the thousands of flashes flying through the parabola, shed tears.

He couldn't analyze it with an adult's head, but the emotions that came up in his heart were no different.

"Huh! Huhuhuh!"
[Translated block]


"Save everyone."

"My brother told me."

"There are many people living in the 48th military facility who are treated less than human."

"You are the most valuable person in the world."

"As something that no one in human history has ever tried becomes reality, people began to kneel one by one."

"The light that colors the sky."

"What is that light?"

As everyone had the same question, the demons who were turning into ashes screamed.

"Yahweh, who I hate terribly! I will tear the people you love to pieces! I will watch you shed tears of blood in hell!"

"Die, Yahweh! Be cursed, Yahweh!"

People murmured.

"Yahweh."

A love that humans cannot do.

"Lord Yahweh...."

100,000 flashes drew 10 million afterimages, covered the sky, and finally the whole world was filled with light.

Shirone knelt down and exhaled heavily.

"Heuk! Heuk!"

Looking at the sight of all the demons disappearing without a trace, Minerva fell into deep thought.

"It's not over yet!"

What remains are a few second-generation demons.

Most of them were injured and unable to move, but only Commander Godan endured and charged towards Shirone.

"Demon."

It was natural for them, who contained everything except love in human emotions, to hate Shirone.

"I will kill you, disgusting...!"

When Minerva reached out her hand, Jet flew at a tremendous acceleration and pierced Godan's body.

"Keuk!"

As he passed through all the buildings while touring the facility in that state, Godan finally collapsed.

"......Are you okay?"

Minerva, who finished, approached Shirone, who was doing a breathless breathing method.

Shirone raised his head without a word.

"It looks like you're the one to answer."

"I can do it. You have your karma, but leave this matter to me."

"You saved the 48th military facility."

Minerva looked back at the peaceful scenery.

"What's next? Are you going to save the capital? Going further, North Emond, going further, the continent, the east, the south...."

When will it end?

"Just because you did it today doesn't mean your karma is fulfilled."

"I know. But...."

Shirone looked back at Berdi, who was hugging his family and shedding tears of joy.

"Because that's not important."

If one person can save the whole by sacrificing everything...

'It's because I couldn't do it. But if, really if there is a 1% chance....'

Where is there a better gamble than this?

"Hmm, you don't even have karma."

Shirone smiled and stood up.

"So now you're leaving it to me?"

"I know what? Anyway, if you peel it off, it's the Human Safety Enforcement Bureau. What we got in return is a meteorite."

It was the department that killed the most people.

"I'll have the 'Law Kill'."

When Shirone firmly nailed it, Minerva laughed and looked back.

"Can't stand it. Do you know how to use it?"

"Huh? Just.... If a desperate heart is included, it will activate automatically, right?"

"It's different. It's enough to kill a city or a dead man, but maybe the 'Law Kill' will kill this time will be a different dimension."

Shirone did not hear the news of the Holy War.

"The evil watched by Kashan's Empress is Gustav Habitz 17th. The person who became Gustav's emperor this time."

"Three Emperors...."

"You get along with Uorin and understand quickly. Their skills are not ordinary. It means that many tricks will be included to avoid the law of 'Law Kill'."

"I see."

Shirone could not imagine the emperor dying.

'Certainly. From North Emond to Gustav's Imperial Palace, from there again through numerous escorts to kill the emperor....'

"Kill the disgusting...!"

When Minerva reached out, Jet flew at a tremendous acceleration and pierced Godan's body.

"Keuk!"

As he passed through all the buildings while touring the facility in that state, Godan finally collapsed.

"......Are you okay?"

Minerva, who finished, approached Shirone, who was doing a breathless breathing method.

Shirone raised his head without a word.

"It looks like you're the one to answer."

"I can do it. You have your karma, but leave this matter to me."

"You saved the 48th military facility."

Minerva looked back at the peaceful scenery.

"What's next? Are you going to save the capital? Going further, North Emond, going further, the continent, the east, the south...."

When will it end?

"Just because you did it today doesn't mean your karma is fulfilled."

"I know. But...."

Shirone looked back at Berdi, who was hugging his family and shedding tears of joy.

"Because that's not important."

If one person can save the whole by sacrificing everything...

'It's because I couldn't do it. But if, really if there is a 1% chance....'

Where is there a better gamble than this?

"Hmm, you don't even have karma."

Shirone smiled and stood up.

"So now you're leaving it to me?"

"I know what? Anyway, if you peel it off, it's the Human Safety Enforcement Bureau. What we got in return is a meteorite."

It was the department that killed the most people.

"I'll have the 'Law Kill'."

When Shirone firmly nailed it, Minerva laughed and looked back.

"Can't stand it. Do you know how to use it?"

"Huh? Just.... If a desperate heart is included, it will activate automatically, right?"

"It's different. It's enough to kill a city or a dead man, but maybe the 'Law Kill' will kill this time will be a different dimension."

Shirone did not hear the news of the Holy War.

"The evil watched by Kashan's Empress is Gustav Habitz 17th. The person who became Gustav's emperor this time."

"Three Emperors...."

"You get along with Uorin and understand quickly. Their skills are not ordinary. It means that many tricks will be included to avoid the law of 'Law Kill'."

"I see."

Shirone could not imagine the emperor dying.

'Certainly. From North Emond to Gustav's Imperial Palace, from there again through numerous escorts to kill the emperor....'
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]