


```
[462] The Call of Ra (4)

The second thousand Lachia.

The city of fallen angels.

All the buildings were white, but the walls were shimmering with red light.

The road was empty, and from thousands of spires, sounds of mixed emotions leaked out.

The sound of as many fallen angels as there are.

They had no taboo, and their rebellious minds ran towards countless pleasures without control.

The building where Kariel arrived was where the executive branch of Lachia was located.

The huge building made of bricks was complex like a castle, and three spires rose as if to pierce the sky.

The Hall of Corruption.

In a place as wide as the Great World War, countless statues of fallen angels were enshrined as if honoring heroes.

The statues revealed many acts, some of which were easily understood by humans and some of which were incomprehensible by human standards.

Kariel threw Miro and Arius at the altar of the Hall of Corruption.

Arius, who rolled on the floor like a dog who had his prey snatched away, lay down and bared his teeth.

"Grrr! Grrr!"

Kariel ignored him and looked at Miro.

His clever eyes showed that he was trying to figure out the situation.

"There's no need to try. You'll die anyway."

"Huhu, you seem to be struggling? Your face was really worth seeing earlier."

Kariel's expression crumpled.

The reason why Ikael is afraid is not because she is strong.

It is always the one who gives up his heart who suffers, and the betrayal is felt in his chest with greater pain, feeling despair that the world fades away in front of her anger towards him.

"Do you think you won the army of heaven? No, you're just someone's successor. And now that power is gone."

Kariel flicked his finger and the plaster statues in the hall glowed red and hundreds of maras popped out and ran towards Miro.

"Kaaaaaah!"

Numerous grotesque monsters bared their teeth at Miro's face.

"Despicable woman! I'll chew your bones well!"

"I'll suck your soul out! I'll make you wander in hell's fire forever!"

A creepy sound came from nearby.

He wanted to dig his nails into his flesh and eat it right now with such hatred that Arius wandered around Miro impatiently.

On the other hand, Miro didn't even blink an eye.

She doesn't give her heart to anyone. That's why everyone throws their hearts at her.

Miro's emptiness is above all hearts, and that's why she could feel no fear.

"What are you up to? It seems like what you were trying to do has gone up in smoke."

Ikael's rage cut through Miro as well.

And if this is the city of fallen angels, it means that Kariel is already an outsider of heaven with his limbs cut off.

Kariel was also thinking about that.

Now that Ikael has become an archangel, the other archangels will not move.

What suddenly crossed his mind was that maybe it would be best to end it here.

But soon his mind changed.

'Ikael.'

The stronger she gets, the more afraid she gets, the more he wants to be above her heart.

'Is that all there is to it?'

Kariel turned away without answering.

Hundreds of maras backed away from Miro and expressed their obedience.

"Shining Archangel, where are you going?"

It is impossible to station heaven's troops in Lachia by its nature.

Then there are those who fit perfectly.

"I'm going to Muspelheim."

Kariel turned into light and flew up.

To where the fallen giants are.

* * *

"Is this, Ikael?"

The rebels were confused by Ikael's appearance alone.

Her name had more destructive power than any powerless attack.

They were once divine people who lived in heaven.
```
[Translated block]
"Fine. But make it quick. I don't have much time to waste on you."

Ikael said coldly, following Crude to the command center.

The rebels looked at each other with mixed feelings. Some were hopeful that they could negotiate a peaceful end to the war, while others were suspicious of Ikael's intentions and motives.

"What do you want from us?" Crude asked, sitting down at a table with a holographic map of the labyrinth.

"I want you to surrender. To stop fighting against Ra and his will. To accept his mercy and grace. To live in harmony with him and his angels."

Ikael said, his voice calm and authoritative.

"That's it? That's your offer? You expect us to give up everything we fought for, everything we suffered for, everything we died for, just like that?"

Crude said, his voice rising with anger.

"Yes. That's all I ask. And in return, I promise you freedom. Freedom from pain, from fear, from death. Freedom to live as you please, as long as you obey Ra and his laws. Freedom to enjoy the blessings of heaven, without any restrictions or limitations."

Ikael said, his eyes shining with conviction.

"Freedom? What kind of freedom is that? That's slavery! That's tyranny! That's madness!"

Crude shouted, slamming his fist on the table.

"No, it's not. It's salvation. It's wisdom. It's love."

Ikael said, his voice steady and firm.

"Love? You call this love? You call destroying our civilization, killing our people, erasing our memories, forcing us into this hellish maze, love?"

Crude said, his face contorted with rage.

"Yes, I do. Because it was all for your own good. Because you were corrupted by sin, by pride, by rebellion. Because you needed to be purified, to be humbled, to be reborn. Because Ra loves you more than you can ever imagine. And so do I."

Ikael said, his face softening with compassion.

"Don't you dare say that! Don't you dare pretend that you care about us! You're a monster! A traitor! A murderer!"

Crude said, spitting at Ikael's face.

Ikael wiped the spit off his cheek with his sleeve, without any sign of anger or disgust.

"I'm sorry you feel that way. But I'm telling you the truth. And I'm giving you a chance. A chance to end this war peacefully. A chance to join me in heaven. A chance to be happy."

Ikael said, extending his hand towards Crude.

"Please, take it."
[Translated block]


```text
"No, you're not the one to negotiate."

"Then what?"

Everyone's eyes focused on Shiro as Ikael looked back at him.

Of course, Shiro was a symbolic figure for the rebels as the light of Sector 73.

But it was a fact that he was in an awkward position and lacked experience to make decisions at the negotiating table.

Ikael couldn't understand why he singled out Shiro.

"Just send him."

Gaold said.

If Shiro's condition for activating God's Punishment was a face-to-face meeting with Ikael, it was a tactically correct choice.

Crued, who had confidence in Gaold's party, eventually agreed, and Shiro and Ikael followed the officer's guidance and walked side by side along the corridor of the command and control room.

Shiro's head was still confused.

What to say first, why was he so cold to him, many thoughts lingered, but it was not time to say them out loud.

He just guessed that he would be the same as himself.

"This is it. The only place where eavesdropping is impossible."

The officer opened the door of the most secure meeting room in the rebel headquarters and let the two in.

The door closed and even the guards left their seats.

It was Ikael's order not to approach within 100 meters.

Considering Shiro's danger level, it was an absurd request, but they knew that he could do anything if he wanted to.

Shiro and Ikael sat face to face at the table in the meeting room and were silent for a while.

Unable to bear the tension, Shiro smiled first and opened his mouth.

"It's been a while."

Then Ikael also showed a smile.

"That's right. I'm glad you're back safely."

Shiro remembered clearly the situation when Ikael handed over Ataraxia to him.

If it weren't for him, there would be no day to meet again here.

Another awkward silence passed.

Ikael singled out Shiro according to Anke Ra's will.

He also came here to disarm the rebels and negotiate with them.

Yet he couldn't say anything easily.

'What am I missing?'

His mind scratched as soon as he saw Shiro.

The light of Sector 73. The boy who gave him Ataraxia directly.

But why did he try to give him the power of an archangel?

Ikael's glory body twitched as if surprised by recalling his emotions at the time.

Her brow wrinkled, and an unknown emotion eroded her body.

"Are you okay?"

Shiro asked worriedly.

"I'm fine. Then first of all, about the rebels..."

"Before that, I have one thing to ask you."

There was something Shiro had to hear first than anything else.

Ikael blinked his eyes as if waiting for an answer, and Shiro took a deep breath and carefully said it.

"I've been curious about this for a long time, but don't you have anything to say to me?"

Ikael tilted his head sideways.

There was nothing to say between Shiro and himself.

Yet he couldn't deny it, because once again he felt faint as when he saw Babel.

"No."

Ikael said firmly.

It was a cold voice that tried hard to deny it.

"I have nothing personal to say."

Shiro felt his heart sink.

He chose heaven with his life because he was sure he would be able to hear it when he met her.

But...

"You have nothing to say, really?"

"I don't know what you're talking about, I don't."

Ikael's voice trembled at that moment.

It was a memory that didn't exist, but his heart was already thrown away because of it.

She tried desperately to squeeze out words. The more she did, the more a huge sadness came from somewhere unknown.

She grimaced as if enduring pain and spat out with difficulty.

"I have nothing to say to you."

Ikael looked at Shiro intently as if searching for something that tormented his heart.
```

Some possible continuations are:

- "Then why did you call me here?" Shiro asked with a hint of anger in his voice. "What do you want from me?"
- "How can you say that?" Shiro exclaimed with disbelief. "Don't you remember anything? Anything at all?"
- "You're lying." Shiro said coldly. "You can't fool me. I know you feel something for me."
[Translated block]


At that moment, clear tears flowed from her beautifully shining eyes.

She didn't know the meaning of the tears she was shedding now.
[Translated block]