


[747] Age of Turmoil (3)

* * *

Kingdom of Thormia.

A month has passed since the Great Purification began.

A state of emergency has been declared nationwide, and even the nobles could not enter the noble district of Creas City without a pass.

The demons that appeared when the spirit realm expanded were almost annihilated.

However, a small number of remnants, such as the jaws, were still lurking in the dark, preying on women.

"I'm sick and tired of those jaws."

The magicians of the Creas branch of the Magic Association and the special investigators of the royal city were patrolling the streets.

"They don't eat flesh. They eat the act of eating. If there's food in front of them, they'll put it in their mouth even if their stomachs burst."

The body of a noblewoman found three days ago was horribly mutilated.

"Any system absorbs weaker entities by stronger ones. In other words, eating is a proof of superiority."

Humans eat almost everything.

"Heavy stars absorb light stars. The problem is that the biological system is based on pleasure. The reason why the jaws mutilate the corpse is probably for the same reason."

Each country in the world had already identified the scale and combat power of the demons, and the key figures.

The investigator's cool analysis was part of it, but the accompanying magician didn't like it.

"Not all humans are different."

The investigator smirked.

"You're surprisingly sentimental. I heard magicians are cold."

"Well, seeing the world in this state, I don't think maintaining composure is the only skill."

Everything humanity had achieved was collapsing.

Perhaps the answer lies in the heart, a sudden insight brushed past his mind.

"Of course, I know that demons are the underside of humans. They say it's a law created by strong desires. But demons are still demons. Most humans don't rape passing women or steal from those who have."

The investigator added softly.

"...although I don't know what they're thinking inside."

Why do demons exist?

As he turned the corner of the alley with that thought, the magician stopped abruptly and raised his arm.

"Stop."

The magicians following him immediately entered the spirit zone, and the investigator slowly backed away with his eyes narrowed.

"Identify yourself."

The figure walking out of the darkness didn't answer, but the heavy footsteps were intimidating.

"Shining."

When the magicians in the back cast magic at the same time, the surroundings brightened, and a swordsman covered in blood-soaked armor revealed himself.

"Oh, my..."

Judging by the amount of dried blood, he hadn't washed for at least a week, but his eyes were eerily bright as if he had just been born.

"Who are you guys?"

Many demons came out and wreaked havoc from the altar set up in the desert, which was larger than a large kingdom.

On his way home after sweeping them all, Lian's spirit was as sharp as a blade that could cut anything it touched.

"Demons?"

At the investigator's words, which didn't sound like a joke due to the ominous aura, the magician revealed his hostility and said.

"We are magicians from the Creas branch of the Magic Association. We are patrolling the territory. You can't enter without a pass."

"Territory patrol?"

Lian looked up at the stars in the night sky.

"You're working hard. I'm Ogent Lian. I'm on my way home, so could you step aside?"

"O, Ogent Lian?"

If it's the Ogent family, it's famous in Creas.

But the reason the magician was surprised was not because of the family's prestige, but because of the name Lian.

"The Knight of Maha. Are you really the Sword of Shiron?"

Not many people knew the face of Shiron, but the world knew the name of Shiron, a 5-star resident of the Ivory Tower, and his sword, Lian.
[Translated block]


Lian, who was tired and didn't want to reply, slowly moved his steps, and the wizards raised their magic weapons.

"Stop! You can't pass without revealing your identity."

"If I'm Lian, there's no such thing. If you follow me home, my family will vouch for me."

It was a seemingly reasonable statement, but most of the scammers came out in this way, so they issued entrance permits.

"Then wait here. We will go to the Ogent main house and check. Not only the demons, but the situation is not good."

Lian entered the Spirit Zone that five wizards were spreading at the same time without hesitation.

"I've been crossing the desert and beating thousands of demons."

The tribes of the desert swept by the demons were all extinct, and their last moments were too terrible to even mention.

"But then, I cut, cut, and cut again. Rather, it's not the demons, but humans that become disgusting."

As Lian approached, the wizard's heart beat faster.

"I don't want to waste time."

'I can't win.'

The moment you try to do something, your neck will fall.

"So please hurry up as much as possible."

The tension of the wizards disappeared like a lie.

The young man who just looked up at the sky indifferently with a large sword on his back may not have revealed any killing intent from the beginning.

'I was delusional alone. He didn't even think about fighting us...'

It was because he was so strong that he was scared.

"Step back."

At the wizard's command, the subordinates opened the way, and the investigator also leaned against the wall with a grunt.

"Thank you for fighting for humans."

When the wizard bowed politely, Lian also nodded his head and passed between them.

'Is the house safe?'

The blood was erased, but the claw marks scratched indiscriminately on the walls made his heart heavy.

"Lian! You're safe!"

When he arrived at the main house under the guidance of the butler Temuran, Reyna ran out barefoot.

The smell of blood was strong from the body of Lian who hugged him, but Reyna was relieved because it was someone else's blood.

"I thought something happened! You're so indifferent. How can you not have a single letter?"

The strange one was Lian.

"Why is my sister in the main house?"

Not only the battle, but as a royal court musician, she had a lot of work to do.

"I brought her."

Ogent Klump came down the stairs.

"Grandfather."

"What happened? I heard that Shiroene passed the Ivory Tower test, but..."

Reyna cut off the conversation.

"First, wash up a bit. I'll prepare dinner soon. Butler, please hurry up with the remaining ingredients."

"Understood."

Butler Louis bowed his head with a bandage wrapped around his right arm, which was cut off below the elbow.

It was a wound inflicted by a demon.

Lian didn't show any particular emotion and asked Klump.

"Big brother?"

Ogent Guy, the eldest son of the family.

He passed the public examination early and sat in a high position in the Kingdom of Torumia, but he became a spy with a strong patriotism.

"I don't know. There has been no contact for 3 years. He is still active in other countries, or he is dead."

Guy was a painful name in the Ogent family.

"I see......"

Klump realized that he couldn't hold Lian back.

"Are you going to wander the world again? This hell?"

"I have to."

He was proud of his grandson, but on the other hand, he wished Lian would stay in Torumia and protect his sister.

"Breaking up with Shiroene is a big deal. Weren't you guys inseparable?"

"......So I left."

He didn't know what enlightenment was, but he knew he couldn't take Shiroene's pain instead.

"If I'm by her side, it's harder. I will find a way to help Shiroene in my own way."

Klump realized that he couldn't hold Lian back.

"Follow me to the training ground."

Lian and Reyna looked puzzled, but Klump showed his broad back and walked out of the mansion.

"Is the house safe?"

The blood was erased, but the claw marks indiscriminately scratched on the walls made his heart heavy.

"Lian! You're safe!"

When he arrived at the main house under the guidance of the butler Temuran, Reyna ran out barefoot.

The smell of blood was strong from the body of Lian who hugged him, but Reyna was relieved because it was someone else's blood.

"I thought something happened! You're so indifferent. How can you not have a single letter?"

The strange one was Lian.

"Why is my sister in the main house?"

Not only the battle, but as a royal court musician, she had a lot of work to do.

"I brought her."

Ogent Klump came down the stairs.

"Grandfather."

"What happened? I heard that Shiroene passed the Ivory Tower test, but..."

Reyna cut off the conversation.

"First, wash up a bit. I'll prepare dinner soon. Butler, please hurry up with the remaining ingredients."

"Understood."

Butler Louis bowed his head with a bandage wrapped around his right arm, which was cut off below the elbow.

It was a wound inflicted by a demon.

Lian didn't show any particular emotion and asked Klump.

"Big brother?"

Ogent Guy, the eldest son of the family.

He passed the public examination early and sat in a high position in the Kingdom of Torumia, but he became a spy with a strong patriotism.

"I don't know. There has been no contact for 3 years. He is still active in other countries, or he is dead."

Guy was a painful name in the Ogent family.

"I see......"

Klump realized that he couldn't hold Lian back.

"Are you going to wander the world again? This hell?"

"I have to."

He was proud of his grandson, but on the other hand, he wished Lian would stay in Torumia and protect his sister.

"Breaking up with Shiroene is a big deal. Weren't you guys inseparable?"

"......So I left."

He didn't know what enlightenment was, but he knew he couldn't take Shiroene's pain instead.

"If I'm by her side, it's harder. I will find a way to help Shiroene in my own way."

Klump realized that he couldn't hold Lian back.

"Follow me to the training ground."

Lian and Reyna looked puzzled, but Klump showed his broad back and walked out of the mansion.
[Translated block]


Lian's personal training ground.

With a worried expression on her face, Reina watched as Lian and Klump stood facing each other at a distance of 10 meters.

'It's been a while.'

The place where he was beaten to death by swordsmanship instructor Kite and ran a hundred laps every day.

It was also the place where he lost in a real sword fight with Shirone, which had now become the reason for his life.

'The reason why grandfather chose this place...'

It must have meant to look back for the last time to his grandson who was throwing himself towards an irreversible future.

"Are you ready?"

Klump spoke, spewing out his fighting spirit.

"Yes."

Lian had fought many swordsmen through knight training, but it was his first time facing a certified third-class swordsman.

If it were the military, it would be equivalent to a general, and above that, there would only be two corps commanders and one captain.

"Do all the men in this house have to duel?"

Reina couldn't keep her legs still, even though she should have adapted by now.

'Grandfather is serious.'

Even in the dark sway where he could barely distinguish the front with a torch, he felt like he could see the whirlpool of Klump's fighting spirit.

"You've crossed many lines too. Think about your grandson's face and kill him with all your might."

Lian's expression remained unchanged, and he took a stance so slowly that it would make the viewer sleepy.

"......"

Klump, who had been staring at Lian with his eyes wide open like a tiger, suddenly lowered his sword and reached out his hand.

"Give it to me."

"What do you want me to give you?"

"<Idea>. It's originally mine, so I'm going to fight with it."

Lian narrowed his stance and spoke with a ridiculous face.

"Why is this grandfather's sword? It's mine because you gave it to me."

"But we're going to fight now, aren't we? Then I should use it, why should you use it?"

"Ah, really, just grab anything and do it! Do you want to take away your grandson's weapon, a person who is a general?"

"Hey, I don't know! I'm not doing it! I'm never going to do it if you don't give it to me!"

Not only Reina, but even Louis and Temuran, who were watching from the side, opened their mouths in surprise.

"Don't do it, then! You call a tired person and make unreasonable excuses!"

As Lian, who had withdrawn his sword, walked towards the entrance of the mansion, Klump's eyes changed affectionately.

"You've become strong, Lian. Really strong."

The fact that he does not cling to victory in front of a general means that he has already escaped from the yoke of victory and defeat.

"Those who realize what they have do not peep at what others have."

"I don't know the difficult words. Anyway, it's okay because everyone is safe. I'm going to leave right after eating."

Reina was surprised.

"Tonight? Without sleeping?"

"I'm going to sleep in the carriage. It's not like the world changes if we leave right now...."

It was the secret of time that Shirone taught.

"The enemies are also moving without rest. If it's a race running at the same time, even a minute is big."

When Lian sleeps, the enemies also sleep, and when Lian fights, the enemies also fight.

Then the one who saves a minute wins.

'Shirone.'

According to the rumors he heard when he returned to Torumia, he is still traveling around the world without rest, erasing the spiritual realm.

'For the sake of saving one unrelated person.'

There was only this way to lighten the burden of Shirone, who could not be by his side.

'Oh, you really haven't changed.'

No one could even guess how heavy the burden was on Lian's shoulders, who was returning to the mansion.

'It was my meal a few years ago.'

He was a younger brother who had no talent to find, and his personality was dull and self-centered.

'But he had one thing.'

Even if Buddha, a human being, destroyed the world, Lian would never give up until the very end.

'Go, my brother.'

Reina reached out her palm, looking at the back of her brother walking far away.
[Translated block]