


[622] Scout Reporting (3)

"What's that?"

Elizabeth answered Baikal's question.

"It's the Ultima System. According to the report…….”

"I know what it is. The problem is how there can be multiple centers of focus."

Because it's the Ultima System.

It was a tricky situation for the scout, who had to analyze everything, even though they just had to accept the incomprehensible realm.

"We've maximized the shock by changing the system. That's something only 27 can do.”

'We did it. We did it.'

Shirone, who annihilated the enemy in time, fell to her knees.

'I need to recover my mind.'

At that moment, a shocking guide voice was heard.

-Entering the 6th stage of extreme survival.

"What?"

Not only Shirone, but all the participants who were off guard opened their eyes wide and looked around.

"Hehe, it's not that easy."

Fermi was standing there, holding the neck of the werewolf where the voice was heard.

Grrrrr...

If even one survives, it is considered a failure to annihilate, and immediately enters the next stage.

Kwang!

Fermi's air cut off the werewolf's neck.

"Fermi…….”

Shirone gritted her teeth and stood up.

Was this how it felt when they found out that the oasis in the desert was actually a mirage?

"Good judgment."

Baikal liked Fermi's strategy.

"She understands the system of extreme survival well. It's a strategy to use combat power while weakening Shirone.”

"Cold personality."

Baikal's gaze stabbed Elizabeth and returned.

"That's a wizard. If Shirone is a wizard of the enemy country, who in the Kingdom of Thormia wouldn't applaud Fermi?”

As soon as the words ended, a magical feast that could not be compared with before unfolded in the Colosseum.

"Finally, it's the 5th tier of magic.”

The section where the final 15 are selected statistically reaches 90 percent at the 6th stage.

Grrrr!

When 200 golems, reaching 3 meters in height, rose from the ground, the view was completely blocked.

The monster of the Middle East, Lamia, wriggled her snake's lower body, the dragon soldiers equipped their military flags, and turned the eerie skull.

Kiee!

When the griffon, with the face of an eagle and the body of a lion, folded its wings and rushed to the ground, Maria pushed Mark.

"Dodge, Mark!"

The griffon's talons on its hind legs scratched Mark's back and passed by.

Maria's healing magic continued, but Mark's spirit was already at rock bottom.

'This... doesn't make sense.’

Looking at the battlefield where monsters were swarming and participants were fighting, it didn't feel like reality.

'How can they hold on until now?’

If Shirone hadn't cleaned up the enemies with multiple explosions, they wouldn't have been able to reach the 6th stage.

"Mark, let's stop now. We're really going to die like this.”

The sync rate of 2000 is 100 percent.

Physical shocks received by the creature are also converted into mental shocks, but if it were real, they would have already died.

"We're not done yet. No one has dropped out yet!”

It was true that they challenged with the goal of passing, but they thought it was half successful just to the extent that they had confidence in their skills.

'There can't be such a difference! I also tried hard to die and came this far!’

Feeling that they wouldn't be able to do anything in the future if they gave up like this, Mark concentrated his mind with all his might.

"Earth Pillar!"

The thick pillar struck the golem, but the giant, weighing over 1 ton, rather broke the pillar and approached.

"Grrrr!”

When the golems raised their arms and took a posture to strike down, Mark twisted his waist, wrapping Maria.

"Kuk!”

At the same time, the flash of teleportation landed in front of them, and Shirone cast an explosion.

The golem's flesh trembled and then disintegrated into soil and burst out like a grinder.
[Translated block]


"Senior?"

Maria hastily greeted.

"Thank you."

"For what?"

Shirone did not look back at them.

"Huh? Well, for helping us…….”

"I didn't help. I saved you."

If Mark had been stubborn until the last moment, the two would have already lost their lives.

"Get out. Give up."

Mark shouted with fire in his eyes.

"I can't do that! At least one competitor……!”

"Get out!"

Mark's shoulders flinched.

"There's no second chance. If you want to die, do it yourself. But don't hold others back."

"Senior…….”

Mark, looking at Shirone disappearing into the battlefield, bowed his head in sorrow.

'I'm sorry.'

It was the heart of a senior who couldn't bear to see his beloved junior die.

Clang, clang, clang, clang, clang!

The dragon soldiers, with jaws as strong as iron, clashed and raised their antique swords.

"Mark."

At Maria's words, Mark nodded, and the two said the keyword to leave the battlefield at the same time.

"Atra."

The sight of the dragon soldiers swinging their swords disappeared in an instant.

"Numbers 29 and 30 have left the battlefield."

"It's natural. They're inexperienced, and their skills are too immature to be called graduates."

From the beginning, Baikal did not evaluate at all.

"But the final evaluation must be written in the report. Should I grade it F?"

"Below standard."

Baikal did not give in.

"Write it like that."

"Yes, yes."

Lara sighed and swung her pen.

With two dropouts, the 10 minutes of extreme survival stage 6 were almost over.

Still, more than half of the creatures survived, and the faces of the participants were clearly tired.

-Entering extreme survival stage 7.

When the voice of the two thousand system was heard, everyone's focus was inevitably shaken.

"I've never seen 28 survivors going into stage 7."

If most of the participants choose hostility from the alliance and hostility, the selection of 15 people is naturally accelerated.

But sometimes, when everyone is focused on completing the mission, there are often cases where they enter stage 7.

"It will end here anyway."

The lineup of 4 tiers was a creature called the king of any kind, and it was at the top of the food chain on a continental scale.

Roar!

As the king of the desert, Basilisk roared, the audience's faces turned pale.

12 meters in length and 40 tons in weight, the thick tail was powerful enough to annihilate a platoon of human troops in one blow.

Woooh!

The king of the forest, Ogre, inflated his body that reached 4 meters and roared, and in the sky, a giant Wyvern covered the sky with its leather wings and sprayed fire on the Colosseum.

"This is…… hell."

The sight of 87 4-tier creatures and hundreds of monsters surviving from stage 6 was a spectacle that could never be seen in the present world.

"Tsk! Shirone, that guy, what the hell is he thinking?"

As the Wyvern's fire burned the ground and charged, Canis raised a shadow wall and defended.

"Hehehe! Humans, you've made something fun."

Harvest, who was muttering like that, pulled out the skull of a dragon soldier and transmitted his voice through a mental channel.

-What are you going to do? If you want to show off, now is your chance.

-I don't know yet. I'll watch Shirone a little more.

-It's not bad to defend because the long game of dark magic is defense. It seems that 15 people will be selected here anyway.

"Canis! Are you okay?"

The golems blocking Canis's front collapsed with a thud.

The three Ogres standing tall in Canis's eyes came in.

"Arin?"

Arin ran through the legs of the Ogre.

"I caught the ones with relatively simple minds. With this, we can hold out for 3 minutes."

Her judgment was also on the defensive side.
[Translated block]


"Huh? Mind control?"

Baikal's eyes sparkled with excitement.

"The mental activity level is beyond the human category. It's amazing that you've captured three 4-tier Ogres."

The sight of the three Ogres protecting Arin madly crushing their enemies was visible.

"The mental fluidity is tremendous."

"Personally, I wish the kingdom would take you in. You're a talent I don't want to be taken away by other countries."

"A."

If everyone was as clear as Arin, there would be no conflict of opinion among the scouts.

'On the other hand...'

Baikal's gaze followed Shiro-ne.

She was still fighting at a high level, but the intense acceleration of magic power was not visible.

"Is this the picture you wanted?"

Shiro-ne's face was pale as if drained of blood, and the focus of her eyes was gradually blurring.

'I need a rest...'

It wasn't a creature she could knock down in a distracted state, and the power was decreasing over time.

'If only... I could rest...'

The photon cannon still stretched out fiercely, but the enemy's encirclement was rather narrowing.

"Iruki, Shiro-ne seems very tired."

Nade flew to Iruki and said.

"...So?"

"Let's help her. We need to let her rest a bit."

The fact that they were a team did not change, but Iruki had a different idea from Nade.

"It's Shiro-ne's decision. We don't need to step in until she asks for help."

"But she'll really fail at this rate!"

"Even so, there's nothing we can do. If you have the mind to care about others, how about taking care of yourself first?"

Looking at Iruki moving away with teleportation, Nade gritted his teeth.

'Damn it! This guy and that guy...!'

The friends who were laughing and chatting until yesterday felt colder than others in the graduation exam.

"Ha, ha."

The photon cannon that was dizzying Shiro-ne's eyes was cut off like a faucet that had run out of water.

Even when she saw the Basilisk approaching by pushing away the golems, she couldn't respond at all. At that moment, Nade flew in.

"Shiro-ne! Rest a bit! I'll protect you!"

Shiro-ne's eyebrows twitched.

"Nade, move..."

"If you fail like this! You've been too hard from the beginning. Recover here and..."

"Get out of the way!"

Nade looked back with a surprised expression.

"Nade, I'm going to be a wizard. No one can stop my dream. So move."

'It's serious. She's not herself.'

There was no life in Shiro-ne's eyes.

It was natural because she had been pouring out magic with the highest concentration for almost an hour.

"If you don't move... I have no choice but to fight you. If you want to beat me and become the best, come on."

For a moment, Nade's face looked sad.

"...Hang in there, Shiro-ne."

Only after Nade flew away with teleportation did Shiro-ne continue her words.

"Let's... eat after it's over."

Baikal analyzed the situation.

"That No. 21, it's a mess."

"West Nade. It seems that his skills are not falling, but his behavior pattern is strange. He doesn't step in when he's sure, and when he's really in danger, he makes a good judgment."

"That's what you call a mess. It's an F. No. 27 is the same. It seems to have reached its limit."

"The magic power level is consistently maintained, but it is not increasing anymore. The efficiency is extremely low, and the power of the photon magic is not even half of the beginning."

"It's disappointing. I had a little expectation when Flu recommended it."

Shiro-ne cast a photon cannon again towards the monsters that were draped like a curtain.

'It starts now!'

As she drew a huge halo through time division, the information of Ataraxia began to accumulate.

"The amplification array of the Archangel's magic power has appeared."

"Hmm, she stopped accelerating and was using her spare mental power elsewhere."
[Translated block]


Elizabeth chimed in with a compliment after a long time.

"It's an impromptu response in a situation where there's no recovery time. Then I understand why the efficiency of the photon cannon has dropped."

"But nothing will change. After the 7th stage, there is only the 8th stage. I'm not even considering the second test."

"Atharaxia! Everyone, avoid!"

Participants who found Shirone's magic circle predicted the direction of the flash run and avoided their positions.

"Damn, are you doing it after all?"

They already knew what the power of Atharaxia was, from the advanced class to the graduation class.

"Is it the last struggle?"

Fermi, who had already distanced herself, watched Shirone's end with a smile in her eyes.

'You did a good job, Shirone.'

The strategy to raise the stage using Shirone and stand out in the upper stage worked well.

"I never stop."

Towards the brilliant light of Atharaxia, Shirone, with her eyes wide open, kicked the ground and charged.

"What?"

Not only the participants but also the scouts watched in confusion, and only the woman in the hood clenched her fist.

"Go, Shirone."

A technique that even Archangel Ikael did not attempt because the shock wave that would come afterwards was too dangerous.

It was the Atharaxia six-tan system.
[Translated block]