


[648] The Way They Live (1)

After leaving the city of Creas, Sirona and Lian tied their horses on a mountain path and had a late lunch.

"It's delicious."

Unlike Amy's lunch box carefully decorated with rice balls, the lunch box that Tess packed was close to combat rations, but both were satisfying meals.

"By the way, where are we going now?"

It was a considerably late question, but Lian was thinking of following wherever Sirona went, so the destination was out of interest.

The good thing about being a knight was that Sirona used her head, and as expected, the words flowed smoothly.

"Honestly, I think it's impossible to find Lara on our own."

Sirona spread out the world map she brought from the Ogent family.

There were 70 countries alone, and if you add the territories of tribes and different races, it was not enough to go around the world even if you spent your whole life.

"Jinsung Eum, that woman said she was a royal family, right? It would be easier for her to search than us."

"Yeah. But we also have something to envy."

Sirona's network, which she built while going back and forth between school and heaven, was considerable.

"First of all, there is Miro. No, maybe Miro has already met Lara."

"But the important thing is that we don't know where Miro is, right? How about a person named Terajera? Anyway, we can meet him if we go."

If it was Kashan, it would not be inferior to the information power of Jinsung.

"Yeah. Depending on the situation, we may need to get help. But it's too far to do anything right now."

Lian looked at the map.

The world could be divided into four lands.

The North Pole with the Ivory Tower, the continent, the gathering place of the kingdom, the East across the Atlantic, and the South across the equator.

The largest territory was the continent, and it was embracing the Atlantic and the South Pacific in the form of Sigma ∑.

The continent was divided into the northern continent, the central continent, the southern continent, and the Middle East, and Sirona's hometown, Tormia, was one of the 21 kingdoms in the central continent, located on the South Pacific side.

"Kashan is in the northern continent, so......"

The northern continent was only the territory of the empire, and Kashan and Gustav were facing the border.

"Even if we keep going up from Bashuka, we will have to pass through Yakma, Kazra, Peris, Biden, and Zaib Kingdom."

It was a dizzying journey just to think about it.

Although the test had no time limit, considering the skills of the competitors, they had to find Lara within at least a year to pass.

Sirona said.

"Finding Lara right away is too vague. So, in my opinion, we should first find the magic school where Lara graduated."

"Ah."

If you go to school, you can check the general personal information.

"But we don't know which school Lara graduated from, right?"

"So we're going to the capital. There's someone who knows exactly."

"Who?"

"Scout Baikal."

Thinking that Flu would help, Sirona got up from her seat.

"Let's go. We have to stay in Kentra for a day and arrive in the capital by tomorrow."

After riding a horse for four hours and arriving in Kentra, Sirona and Lian left their horses in the stable and entered the city.

As a livestock city, cowboys could be seen everywhere, and unlike the ladies of Creas, the tomboy ladies were laughing and walking around.

'Shina teacher met Kuan here.'

Remembering the days of heaven that now seemed like a dream, the place they found was the Mage Guild.

"Silver Ring Guild."

Sirona, who read the sign, turned to Lian and explained.

"I have a non-official mage certificate, so I should be able to use the guild now."

"But can we find information about Lara here?"

There was no possibility that a character who couldn't find the Ivory Tower would know about a single guild.

"Probably hard. But it's not bad to experience it. It seems to be available for accommodation, so let's sleep here today and go."
[Translated block]


"Because it was winter and the sun set early, and the weather was cold, Lian followed Shirone's words without a fuss.

When they opened the door, a cozy space with torches hanging all around appeared.

At the table, wizards were reading books or playing chess, and some were already drunk and lying down.

There were stairs leading to the second floor, and there was a counter on the way there.

"Welcome. This is the resting place for wizards, the Silver Ring Guild."

The woman who had been sitting at the counter stood up and greeted them for business.

"Huh?"

The woman looked interested when two people, younger than she expected, entered.

"Are you two wizards?"

"No, I'm the only wizard. This is my friend."

Lian added.

"I'm a swordsman."

The woman nodded after confirming the great sword tied behind him.

"I see. I'm Estera, the manager of the Silver Ring Guild. How can I help you?"

"I was wondering if I could stay overnight."

"Huh? Is this your first time in a guild?"

Shirone honestly nodded.

"Yes, it's my first time."

"I see. Accommodation is provided free of charge to guild members, so you can't use it. How about joining the Silver Ring Guild this time? There will be many conveniences if you are a wizard."

It was almost mandatory for non-official wizards to join a guild as they could carry out livelihood activities and collect information just by having a non-official certificate.

"Hmm."

As can be seen from the story of the parrot mercenary group, there is no world-famous wizard guild in a kingdom led by the Magic Association.

However, according to Shirone's research, the Silver Ring Guild was one of the three national guilds representing Thormia, along with the War Chariot and Blood Rose.

It was not a bad suggestion as they were handling various tasks by opening branches in each region, but there was no particular advantage for Shirone, who was planning to leave the Kingdom of Thormia.

"I don't have any plans to join a guild yet."

"Huhu, it seems burdensome. Don't worry. The Silver Ring Guild is free to join and leave."

The guild's ground goal is undoubtedly the expansion of power, and the nerve war between the national guilds is fierce.

The free joining and leaving method was also a business strategy unique to the Silver Ring Guild, which aimed to have as many human resources as possible.

'Free membership.'

The fact that they could use the accommodation facilities for free was good, but the judgment was still careful.

"I'll think about it a little more."

The moment Shirone's words fell, Lian's eyes changed.

He felt a fierce hostility from the wizards in the hall.

They were all likely to belong to the Silver Ring Guild, and it was not pleasant for their guild to be ignored by a boy who had just come out into society.

Estera also felt the same way, but as expected of a businesswoman, her expression did not change at all.

"That's right, do as you like. The door of the Silver Ring Guild is always open."

In the end, they had to stay elsewhere, but since they came to the guild, Shirone asked.

"I heard that you can get various information at the guild."

Estera's eyes sparkled with a business spirit.

"Of course. It costs money, though. What information are you looking for?"

Shirone, who glanced at Lian once, asked.

"Do you have any information about a person named La Enemy?"

There was nothing else to ask.

"La Enemy?"

Estera, who tilted her head, smiled as if she had a good idea and raised her index finger.

"It's 1 gold."

"What?"

Shirone blinked in surprise.

"You just asked, do you have any information about a person named La Enemy? If you want to hear the answer to that, you have to pay 1 gold."

"Do you have to pay money to know if there is information?"

It was out of common sense, but this was the physiology of the guild.

"All the information that comes and goes in the guild becomes money. We don't tell anything for free to outsiders, let alone guild members."

Laughter was heard from the hall.

"Kids who don't know the world. If you want something for free, go ask your mom."
[Translated block]


Lian just crossed his arms and slightly closed one eye.

"What will you do, Shirone?"

The philosophy of not making a black judgment was also effective here.

"Um, so I currently have 300 gold."

It's a large amount at face value, but it's not considering the journey ahead.

Above all, there was no way to know whether this type of question actually required money, or whether it was Estera's cunning revenge for hesitating to join.

"I'll pay 1 gold."

So Shirone paid the money.

If you don't make it clear when you have the chance, you'll make a mistake when you really need it.

It was unexpected for Estera to obediently put out an amount of 1 gold, but there was no roughness in the hand that collected the gold coin that came up with a thud.

"Please tell me now. Do you have information about Ra Enemy?"

Estera, who bounced the coin, answered shortly.

"Yes."

"Do you have it?"

Shirone's eyes were bewildered.

"Do you really have it?"

"Do you know what happens if you cheat on this floor? Wait at the table. I'll sort it out and go."

Shirone, who was staring blankly at Estera entering the record room, finally looked around the hall.

Unlike the people of the association, grim-looking wizards were looking this way.

A wizard with an eye patch on one eye, a wizard with no right arm, a wizard with a burn on his face, etc., just by looking at their appearance, you could guess the life they had lived.

When Shirone and Lian sat at the table, a guild member serving poured tea.

Even while sipping the tea that clears the mind, Shirone did not understand.

Does it make sense that there is information about Ra Enemy in a wizard guild in the countryside, not the capital?

"Hey, kid."

The wizard of the kid called.

"You're a magic school graduate, right?"

"Yes, but."

"Hehe. I knew it. It's written on your face. What can you get from such a shabby guild? But, it's not as easy as you think. If you're a magic school graduate, you might be a noble, but if you have that attitude, you won't be able to do anything."

Shirone was silently listening.

If there really is information about Ra Enemy here, it means that I was mistaken enough to completely revise the strategy I had set up.

While receiving the ridicule of the wizards, after waiting for about an hour, Estera called from the counter.

"Did you find the information?"

Estera took out twenty-seven cards with the mark of the Silver Ring Guild drawn on the back.

"This is an information card. The mark is different, but most guilds trade information with this."

Information loses its value as soon as it is confirmed, so a special form was needed for monetary transactions.

"Is all this information about Ra Enemy?"

It was a much larger number than expected.

"Yep. All the information that contains the keyword Ra Enemy at least once. 100 percent accuracy."

"How much?"

Without hesitation, Estera raised the corner of her mouth when asked.

"2 gold each."

To buy all twenty-seven cards, you have to pay a whopping 54 gold.

"Isn't it too expensive?"

"No, rather, you're lucky. All 27 pieces of information are in 'pure' state."

Estera explained.

"The information here is all bought from someone for money. And like you, when you say a keyword, you sell the information that contains it."

Certainly, if it was this way, it was possible to trade intangible information like the goods of a store.

"You can think of the 1 gold you paid as a keyword value. And the pure state means that no one has ever viewed the information."

Even the same information has different values depending on the person, so it was reasonable to base it on the number of views.

"But how can I believe that?"

"Of course, there is no way to prove it. So the price difference is not that big. Information that has never been viewed is 2 gold. Information that has been viewed at least once is 1 gold 50 silver. Information that has been viewed too much and has no security value is sold for 1 gold."
[Translated block]


Shirone, who had been lost in thought for a moment, put up 2 gold.

"Then I'll buy just one for now."

"Good. What should I give you?"

"The very last one."

Since he would have read the information while writing it on the card, there was a chance that he would have put what he thought was most important last.

"Good judgment. Be careful not to show it to others."

Shirone, who quickly snatched the card, could not take his eyes off it even after checking the front.

"So this is the world...."

There was a line of text under the name of the information provider.

-The enemy is 'presumed' to be male.
[Translated block]