
The beginning of change (2)

First Army Command Headquarters Command and Control Room.

While Shiro took Kanya and Lena away, Crude briefed Gauld and his party on the battle.

The damage caused by Babel was larger than expected, and they immediately lost 40 percent of their power and 53 percent of their supplies became waste.

In this state, a full-scale war with heaven was impossible, which was the main point of the briefing.

Shiro's party's integration of the second army was a surprising achievement, but it was also true that they were cut off from the headquarters.

"Soon, a large Tages will be completed at the Night Vision's munitions factory. But we don't have enough personnel to carry out the operation. Even if we avoid angels and Mara, it's impossible to break through the elves of the Shinminbu and the giants of the Guard and approach Aravot."

Sein agreed.

The task of neutralizing the heavenly air defense system Aegis was only to break through the outer wall.

From then on, it depended on how long the rebels could hold out and how far Gauld could go.

'And Shiro. To cast God's punishment, you have to at least get into the entrance of Aravot.'

Once mass accumulates at high altitude, it takes about 14 minutes to fall to the ground.

So Sein also fired a laser almost vertically and calculated by predicting the moving rotation period at the center of Aravot for 14 minutes.

The reason for setting up a difficult close-range strike was because the operation was centered on Miro's escape.

The variables will change in real time depending on Miro's condition.

Then it is a loss to use God's punishment in advance and narrow down the possibility of escape.

'I want to see the situation until the last minute, even at the risk of danger. In that sense, Shiro's infiltration requirements will be key.'

Everyone was lost in thought when Shiro knocked on the door and came in. Kanya and Lena, who didn't know English, were also with them.

Crude, who knew that he had left to comfort his two sisters, looked at Shiro, who came in with them, with curiosity.

"What's going on? Do you have anything to say?"

"I have something to suggest. Where is Babel now?"

"The metal angel? It's in Guroi isolation."

"Please guide me there."

"Why? The metal angel is classified as a first-class security level within the command facility. I understand your grief over losing your family, but I can't open it rashly."

"Maybe I can reactivate Babel."

"Babel...reactivate?"

Crude looked incredulous.

Didn't Sein say it? The metal angel's system is a product of a higher-dimensional being beyond the angel's information system.

'Was he persuaded by his two sisters?'

He had seen clearly when Kanya tried to destroy Siguna with a swing when Babel stopped working.

"I'm sorry but that..."

"Please allow me. Maybe Shiro can do it."

"Mr. Flu."

Crude was colder as a commander who attended a meeting, but he was a little warmer to Flu.

"What do you mean Shiro can do it?"

Only Flu knew that Shiro had an Ultima system.

It was too busy for the first command post to report everything that happened at the second command post, and the other team members also needed rest.

'How do I explain this?'

The Ultima system is something that only the parties involved can know, and it was also awkward to mention that Shiro freed Babel.

Of course, she never thought that Shiro was responsible for the disaster at the first command post.

But she wondered if other people would think so too.

'It's better to hide what you can hide.'

Shiro couldn't ignore the voice of conscience, but Flu was a hard-hearted magician from head to toe.

"First of all, please guide Shiro to Babel. Shiro will explain everything there."

When Sein formally requested, Crude had no choice but to follow their words and head to the warehouse where Babel was isolated.
[Translated block]


The border was strict, but the fear in the eyes of the border guards could not be hidden.

It was a being that pushed the headquarters to the brink of annihilation.

"So, how do we reactivate this?"

Babel was bowed as if asleep, but Siroene could feel it as soon as she entered the warehouse.

'The output is still there. Only the command is gone.'

The flow of charge that made up Babel was clearly conveyed through the Ultima system.

She felt like she could get her up right away as she approached Babel slowly, and Crude said.

"Wait, are you really sure? Just in case..."

Even if Siroene reactivated Babel, if she attacked the rebels again, they would not be able to avoid annihilation.

Sein said.

"You don't have to worry about that. The angel's algorithm is completely broken. It's a fact that I've already confirmed with Cheolryun-an."

Even Sein, who said that, did not know how Siroene would reactivate Babel.

He guessed that the system grafted onto Babel was a revolutionary information system that unified all signals in the world.

The closest thing in the original world would be binary dragon words, but this was a level higher than that.

'Connect to Babel.'

Siroene closed her eyes and resonated with the Ultima system. Then, the panels embedded in Babel's eyes emitted a red light.

-New user detected. Ultima system connection.

As an invisible signal expanded between Babel and Siroene, their information was integrated.

'This is...'

The feeling of connecting with Babel for the first time was amazing. She could see what Babel saw.

-Babel original program operation. Gaia code number 2 detected.

-Absolute inviolable object. Algorithm setting mode entered.

Siroene's will was converted into a unique programming language that operated Babel and automatically entered.

-First goal. Protect the rebels.

-Second goal. If rebel protection is impossible, quickly eliminate the enemy.

-Third goal. If it is impossible to eliminate the enemy, protect Kanya and Lena.

If the third algorithm was activated, the combat situation would already be bleak.

It was a program that contained Siroene's own sense of responsibility for the sorrow of the two sisters who lost their father in front of their eyes.

The algorithm progressed to 4th and 5th stages and connected complexly.

It was a technology of a different dimension from telepathy that humans and machines could resonate with one signal.

-Siroene algorithm applied. Babel program operation.

Babel, who had been kneeling down, got up with an engine sound, and the border guards who kept the isolation fence pointed their arcs at the same time.

Crude, who knew Babel's overwhelming intimidation, had no choice but to step back while swallowing saliva.

Babel walked straight to Siroene with a clanging sound and knelt on one knee to show respect to Gaia code number 2.

"Babel. I will execute Siroene's instructions."

Babel's voice, which he heard for the first time, was calm and clear enough to not imagine his cruel performance.

"How can this be..."

Crude was shocked when Babel took a submissive attitude toward Siroene.

It meant that Nephilim's mind surpassed that of an angel who had destroyed even an angel's mental system.

'Is this the light of Zone 73?'

Anyway, if Babel became an ally, there was nothing better than that. With her powerful force, she could recover the combat power lost by the First Command and more.

But Siroene thought differently.

Babel should not be used as a combat weapon only for efficiency.

Who would want to fight with a machine that killed their family?

What was more annoying was that it was made of metal so strong that it could not be broken by human power.
[Translated block]


```
Shirone spoke in a calm tone.

"Babel, follow my orders from now on."

"I will follow Shirone's orders."

Shirone looked at Kanya once and said.

"Destroy him here if Kanya wants it."

"Shirone!"

Flu shouted.

Why destroy an ancient weapon that was as powerful as an angel?

On the other hand, Gaold smiled.

War is a clash of everything, and emotion is more important than tactics in human fights.

If half of the rebels lost their families, there would be no morale unless they made sure of Babel's treatment.

'That's like you, Shirone.'

Of course, Shirone's way was clearly radical.

Maybe if Kanya destroyed Babel, it would be a human touch or boldness to think that it was done.

'Hehe. Well, you don't know about war.'

Babel spoke calmly.

"If Kanya wishes, I will destroy myself."

As the choice was handed over to Kanya, the border guards who had lost their families looked at her with cautious eyes.

'I want to kill him. I want to destroy him. But....'

Kanya bit her lips until they bled.

It was a strange thing. She didn't feel any malice from the machine that had brutally slaughtered the rebels.

There was no malice from the beginning. It was just a machine's appearance seen from a human perspective.

"When this war is over...."

Kanya clenched her teeth and turned away.

"You'll have to pay for it."

Babel replied in a friendly tone behind her back.

"I will pay for it when the war is over."

* * *

Shirone couldn't sleep until late at night.

It was the only choice she could make for Kanya, but she was worried that it might have hurt her more.

At that troubled time, Zulu knocked and came in.

"Were you asleep?"

Shirone jumped out of bed.

"No. Come in."

They were working as a team, but Zulu was still a difficult senior to Shirone.

"How do you feel?"

She seemed to know why Zulu came.

She couldn't deny that she had some emotions mixed up in Babel's destruction.

"I'm sorry. It won't happen again. I'll get my mind straight so there's no problem with the mission."

Shirone tried to act with a clear look.

She was behind in experience compared to her teammates, but she didn't want to be a burden.

But Zulu's next words were unexpected.

"Shirone, you don't have to try too hard."

A hot and heavy foreign feeling hung on Shirone's neck. Her eyes reddened and she couldn't speak.

"Humans are not that strong. The mind controls the body. Then what controls the mind?"

When Shirone waited quietly for an answer, Zulu put his hands gently on his chest and said.

"It's the heart."

"Heart...."

"The heart has no substance and therefore cannot be trained. Gaold, Sein, Miro, they all have great mental strength, but they also know sadness and sometimes waver. No matter how hard your mind is like a diamond, sad things are sad."

Shirone confessed honestly.

"I'm so miserable. I feel like it's all my fault that Kanya's father passed away and the rebels died."

"It's natural to accept sadness, but if you keep it for too long, you'll get sick. Here, let me teach you the secret of emptiness. Try this."

Zulu brought his hand to Shirone's chest.

"The body, mind, and heart are all connected. Putting yourself in the circulation of breathing. Then you can stop your heart activity for a moment."

All living things breathe. Therefore, focusing on breathing was an act of returning to the basics of life.

"Breathe in and out. Breathe in and out."

Life is ultimately breathing.
```
[Translated block]


Let's focus only on that. The distractions in Shirone's head were pushed out of reality.

After a minute, Zulu gently laid down Shirone, who had fallen asleep, and said in Arabic.

"Shirone, they say the human heart is hell. If you ever fall into that hell, don't forget the breath of this impermanence."

Zulu, who stroked Shirone's forehead with a sad look, got up from the bed, turned off the light, and carefully left the room.
[Translated block]