


[239] 4. Combat Simulation (9)

"Ugh! No way. How can this be...."

Boyle was shocked that he couldn't even scratch Dante's mental power by 1 percent.

He wasn't fighting a grand mage. He was just a peer and a classmate, and he himself was a genius who showed his talent in summoning magic.

In the end, it was a matter of details.

Dante had turned all the thousands of trivial variables that occurred during the battle into his own and created an extreme difference.

"Why don't you stop being pathetic and hurry up? You promised, right?"

Dante put his hands in his pockets and waited arrogantly.

It was a situation where Boyle, the official first place in the advanced class, had to kneel down massively.

Boyle was as angry as he felt the weight of being the first place. But a promise was a promise, and he couldn't think of a way to avoid it.

"I... lost."

The moment Boyle knelt down and admitted defeat, a monsoon poured down on the students' hearts.

Shirone and her friends, who had cheered for Boyle, also felt heavy.

But it was an undeniable defeat.

Iruki said.

"I guess we have to admit it. Information magic, that's really hard to deal with."

Sabina intervened.

"No, it's because it's Dante. We've been fighting under Olivia-sensei since we were ten. We have more real combat experience than you guys. Dante's official record is 472 wins out of 472 battles. And he's never lost in unofficial matches either. He's a legend of undefeatedness. He's not someone that a mere country school first place can beat."

Only 472 official battles. If you add unofficial ones, it's roughly over a thousand battles.

Any mage would gain adaptability if they fought that many interpersonal battles.

But the reason why Dante was great was that he didn't lose once in that process.

When Dante's history was revealed, the students buzzed. He went from being an unlucky peer to a star of the kingdom in an instant.

Even if his personality was so bad, his skills were transcendent, so fame followed him. No, maybe that's why they were more enthusiastic about him.

The students all flocked to Dante. They didn't show it, but they tried their best to strike up a conversation with him.

Only Canis and Arin were left alone in the place where the students left like low tide.

They had never seen two thousand interpersonal battles before, but they didn't feel much impressed by them because they had fought enough to get sick of them.

"That's interesting. So magic schools train like that. Canis, do you want to try?"

"Not really. I don't feel like it."

"Are you scared of losing to Dante? Hehe."

She said that, but Arin's feelings were no different from Canis'. They didn't feel like doing two thousand battles.

"What are you talking about? Shirone is just sitting there, so I have nothing to be angry about."

"Shirone is sitting there because she doesn't like fighting by nature. It's different from you."

"Arin, lately you seem to be on Shirone's side?"

Arin stuck out her tongue.

Of course, anyone who had a grudge against Canis would also have a grudge against her. If the two clashed, she would do her best to help Canis, but she couldn't hate her either.

"Anyway, what do you think? Information magic, it seems like a new trend. Can you beat him?"

Canis snorted.

He didn't like two thousand battles, but Dante's skills were definitely real. The interesting point was that he was a genius who was symmetrical to Shirone.

Iruki was also a genius, but he was too biased to one side.

"Hmm, if we fight on the battlefield...."

"Then?"

Canis was silent for a long time.

Arin noticed his shaking emotions with her super vision and poked his side to urge him.

"Huh? Then? What happens?"

Canis turned his head away as if avoiding Arin's gaze and said in a creeping voice.

"I-I guess it would be a great match."

5. Match Point (1)

"Yeah! I won. Hey, kneel down quickly."
[Translated block]


"Damn it! Fight again! If only you didn't make a mistake!"

Since when, a trend word emerged in the advanced class. It was the word that Dante spread, telling them to kneel.

Even in Class Seven, similar scenes were frequent. It was just a joke, but the atmosphere of being obsessed with the outcome was no joke.

Who would win if A and B fought? Could the winner of them beat C?

Everything was turning into a system of ranking all the students at the Royal Magic School.

"Tsk! I don't like it. Anyway, the weird principal came and ruined the school."

Mark, who was lying on the lawn, watched the juniors fight each other in the practice field number 2000 and grumbled.

His match point was currently the first rank of Class Six. It was because he knocked out everyone who challenged him. If it was him from before, he would have walked around with pride, but after he came to respect Shirone, he didn't care about the rank of the lower class.

Maria, who was sitting next to him, said while picking grass.

"Mark, still, he's the principal. What's with the weird principal? What if you get caught?"

"What can I do if I'm annoyed! I don't like Dante or whatever. Especially Closer, that kid used his passive skill when he fought me. He wouldn't stand a chance if we fought fist to fist."

Maria also vividly remembered the scene where Mark was beaten up. Especially Closer, who was young, even mocked him.

"Shirone senior will take care of it. Anyway, they're in the same Class Pony. If they bully too much, I'll try to talk to Sad teacher. What do you think?"

Mark felt humiliated even to give his opinion. He wanted to get back at the guys who bullied Maria, but their skills were real. Of course, there were many monstrous seniors who also claimed to be Shirone Line. Shirone, Amy, Iruki...

They could ignore Dante and his group because they held on, but on the other hand, he was frustrated that he couldn't solve it himself.

"I don't like it... really..."

It didn't matter how old they were to like fighting, so the students of Class Pony were also interested in the combat rank.

However, since Dante had sorted out the rank of Class Pony, their eyes were on higher places.

"Who would win if Etella teacher and Shiina teacher fought?"

"Hey, of course Etella teacher. He's recognized by the kingdom."

"It's not about fighting with fame. Etella teacher achieved Triple, but Shiina teacher is the authority of freezing. In real combat, the person who specializes in one thing is the best."

"If you argue like that, it's Sad teacher. If they're both 6th grade, fire is better than ice."

Shirone stepped in as he couldn't block his ears from hearing.

"Where did you hear that? They're all great teachers. They wouldn't fight each other just because they're strong."

The students looked sullen. Since Boil knelt down, the center of gravity of the advanced class shifted from Shirone to Dante.

At first, the students also thought that Shirone would step up and restore the honor of the school that had fallen. But that didn't happen, and he even showed signs of avoiding it. Recently, there was even a rumor that he avoided fighting Dante by playing tricks.

"Tsk, it's just a fight in a safe place. What's wrong with talking a little? Honestly, you're like that too. You're afraid of fighting Dante and you don't even participate in interpersonal combat."

"I'm not scared. I just don't want to fight meaninglessly. I don't know about tactical training, but interpersonal combat has nothing to do with grades."

"Tsk, grades, grades. In the end, you're only good at school. Real magicians should be strong in real combat."

Shirone shrugged his shoulders as he thought there was no point in talking more.

The students who had hoped for him turned away with disappointment as even provocation didn't work.

"Tsk, Shirone is useless too."

"What can you do? In front of the star of the kingdom, Shirone is just a star of a country town."

How is my translation? Do you have any feedback or suggestions for improvement?
[Translated block]


Siro didn't understand why ranking mattered among the students. The strength he pursued was on a different level than fighting and overpowering others.

On the other hand, there were students who only cared about that. One of them was Pandora, the second-ranked student in the advanced class.

After Dante defeated Boil, she actively followed Dante's group and became almost their servant.

"Hey, Pandora! Hurry up! I'm dying of thirst!"

Sabina's sharp voice made Pandora run with a cup of water.

"Sorry. The line was too long."

"You should have just said it was for me and come over. You're so inflexible."

"Hehe, are you tired? Do you want me to massage your shoulders?"

"Would you? I ran too hard with Haste and it's sore."

Pandora sincerely massaged Sabina's shoulders. It was a lie if she said her pride wasn't hurt, but she thought they would soon recognize her true value.

If she became close with Dante's group, she would enter the kingdom's most promising group in no time. A rise in status from the second-best student in a provincial school to the fourth-best in the whole kingdom. Wasn't it a gamble worth trying?

Closer spoke while cooling himself with a hand fan.

"Hey, Pandora. I'm thirsty too."

"Oh? Okay! I'll get you some water."

Pandora ran to the water tank again. The sun was hot today and many students were in line.

It would be easy to cut in with Dante's influence, but that would be too undignified. Her specialty was annoying the person in front of her until they choked on water.

"Hey, are you elephants? Drink moderately and move aside! Think about the people behind you."

"Here, drink my water."

Boil offered his cup of water. Sabina looked at him with displeasure, but she couldn't refuse it when she thought of Closer waiting for her.

"Hmph, thanks."

As Sabina returned to Closer, Boil called out.

"Wait a minute. You're not going to give it to that kid, are you?"

"What's it to you? Are you holding a grudge against them because you lost to Dante?"

"I admit my defeat. But why are you acting like this lately? It's not bad to be friendly with Dante, but you don't have to be so servile."

"That's none of your business. Why, are you already insecure? Are you afraid of being overtaken by me?"

"No way! You've been my rival since we were kids! It bothers me that you're bending over and joining them like this!"

"But not anymore. I'm going to join Dante's line. I'll be published in academic journals soon, and when I graduate, they'll be scrambling to scout me. If you're jealous, just say so. You have no credibility when you say things like that after losing."

Boil closed his mouth. He had a lot to say, but none of it would reach Pandora's ears. It was the inevitable fate of a loser.

"Damn it! Do whatever you want!

Siro's group, who were watching from afar, understood Boil's feelings.

All the relationships in the advanced class revolved around Dante. No one challenged the absolute leader, and the more so, Siro wanted to get out of this situation.

He thought that success would come naturally if he kept improving his own skills without fighting.

What filled his mind now was how to use Ataraxia faster and better. He had no interest in interpersonal combat.

He trained tirelessly every day without resting and finally managed to hold his target for 20 seconds.

This was also a skill. He maintained a mental state that others couldn't endure for even a second for 20 seconds.

"Wow, as expected of Siro. Your spirit zone is also getting bigger. You have amazing talent no matter what."

"That's only because he's an unlocker. He can't even look at Dante in the eye."

"Honestly, Dante is too strong. I understand Siro's position."

"Why do you assume that Siro ran away? Siro is also formidable when he competes. And we still have Canis and Eruki left."

I hope this translation is satisfactory for you. Please let me know if there are any errors or if you have any questions about it. Thank you for using my service. 😊
[Translated block]


"Hmph! If you're so confident, why are you avoiding me? If I had that kind of skill, I would challenge you right away, even out of anger. You're so pathetic, running away like that. That's why the girls go to Dante."
[Translated block]