


[387] One-man team (3)

As the monsters in the sky, ground, and underground were almost annihilated at the same time, a guide voice came out from the 2000th floor.

"Phew."

Shirone wiped the sweat from her forehead and looked at the scoreboard.

"Wow! Did it come out well?"

The name of Group 5 was ranked second. The first place was taken by Group 2, which Fermi belonged to.

Group 2's performance time was 3 minutes and 15 seconds.

It was a pity that they lost by only 13 seconds, but considering that all of Group 2 were Fermi's party, it was a good result.

'Well, we are an instant party.'

Closer seemed to be in a bad mood.

"Tsk, Fermi again? How do they manage to rank up together?"

Dante said.

"You have to see that they have a lot of experience in score management. Anyway, it's not bad to be second in the group. It means you're in the top 10 overall. If you're in the top 10 for each evaluation, you'll eventually graduate."

Dante was satisfied with the second place of three groups that had never worked together. If you look at the party contribution, you could say that everyone got one point.

Iruki had the same idea. However, his case was a bit more specific.

'If this was a graduation test, Dante would be 1.01, Closer would be 0.99, Shirone would be 1, Canis would be 1.02, and I would be 0.98.'

The best player of Group 5 was Canis by a slight margin. It was a big deal that he annihilated the underground monsters by himself.

'To increase the party contribution, it's important to choose enemies that match your affinity. The gap will widen much more in the graduation test.'

As he said that, Group 1 was ranked third. The time gap was a bit wider at 4 minutes and 18 seconds.

"Anyway, let's go down. I want to see the other groups too."

Dante took his group members down to the 2000th floor. And he immediately disbanded the group.

"Shirone, good job. Iruki and Canis too."

Shirone also greeted him in a good mood.

"Yeah, you too. Let's do it again next time if we have a chance."

The fourth place was decided and then the fifth place completed the annihilation mission. Their records were 4 minutes and 24 seconds. 4 minutes and 28 seconds.

"Wow, this week is very close too."

Shirone was second in the group, but still the monsters' tier was not high yet, so it was a big deal that the party luck followed them well.

Considering that point, the skills of other groups were not easy either.

Iruki said.

"It's likely that this trend will continue until Tier 8. It's impossible to face them alone, but magicians become very powerful when they stick together. Of course, this is possible because it's school."

Everyone they met at magic school was a magician, but after graduating from the 30th class of seniors, they scattered around the world and became high-level personnel who were hard to see even once.

It's a profession group that doesn't even make up 0.0001 percent of the population, so you have to be at least royal guards, capital guards, or border guards to have magicians in your unit.

In fact, even if 20 or so third-rate magicians who roam around guilds gather together, their firepower is enormous.

If they shoot one fireball every 10 seconds, it means that they shoot a whopping 1,200 shots in 10 minutes by simple calculation.

Even those magicians are expensive, so there are almost no requests that match their income and expenditure when 20 people gather.

Even if there are, they usually go to higher-ranked magicians.

There are exceptions in case of terror, but they are nothing but mice in front of cats in front of Red Line, which is public power.

The combat power of Red Line official affiliates, i.e., official magician units, is different from that of third-rate magicians.

For monsters outside of Tier, for example, when demons appear, the Magic Association forms an elite large party consisting of official fourth to sixth grades with the king's approval and calls it 'Cage'.

It means that we lock them up and beat them up. It is known that magicians who are evaluated as having the best talent in each field can produce a power equivalent to walking corps when about 20 people gather.

From Grade 3 Grand Magician onwards
[Translated block]


```text
'I guess I won't have to form a party with such diverse people when I go out into society. Let's learn a lot from this opportunity.'

The 2000th operation stopped.

"Team 4 evaluation completed. The last team to perform the mission, Team 4, scored 0 points."

Shirone looked at Team 4 with regret. It was Amy's team that came in last.

'Balance is important after all. Even with Amy, an amazing dealer, it doesn't work.'

Team 4 couldn't hide their bitter expression.

It wasn't a situation where anyone could point out who did something wrong.

In fact, they harassed the enemy camp with flashy and colorful attacks led by Screamer. It's just that the balance was not right and it took longer to annihilate than other teams.

'I should have gotten the buff.'

Amy was sorry for that point.

The magic killer strategy gives one person an incomparable combat power at the same level, but the mission of the sixth week was annihilation.

In a mission where details are required to become a team and eliminate enemies, they had no choice but to reveal their weaknesses.

'Can't help it. Let's aim for next week.'

Amy coolly accepted the 0 points. Anyway, the leader was a stubborn screamer and he had no choice but to follow his words.

If you don't agree, raise your rank and be the leader. It was a rule of graduation class that there was no room for excuses.

'Ah, really. I'm so annoyed that I'm going crazy.'

On the other hand, Screamer couldn't accept the result.

How can you be in last place anyway? He had never received 0 points in strategy and tactics even in last year's graduation class.

'It's all because of you.'

Screamer couldn't bear the anger of exploding and shouted at Maya.

"You stupid idiot!"

The students looked at Screamer at the sound of a scream that was hard to hear in the magic school graduation class.

If the team loses, there is no need to judge individual abilities. But it's been several weeks since she ruined the strategy and tactics evaluation.

As Screamer approached, Maya's eyebrows rose in an eight-character shape and her expression hardened.

"You made the monsters more violent!"

The sound of anxiety causes anxiety.

It's a magic that helps strategically, but in case of annihilation, it took more time because the enemies ran wild.

"No, not violent, but delay..."

"Shut up! You're making a pig sound! Do you call that sound magic? What are you going to do now?"

Maya made a wronged expression and then bowed her head.

"I'm sorry..."

There was no one to stop Screamer.

Maya had no talent for sound magic and Screamer was the second-ranked graduate. It wasn't good to get on his nerves for future schedules.

"What are you doing? If you've been in graduation class longer than me, shouldn't you have some experience? Do you just do what you're told? What if you don't get an answer when a werewolf comes out?"

"I'm sorry. Sorry..."

Maya repeated only sorry. There was nothing else she could say.

"Anyway, commoners can't do it. If you don't have talent, drop out or something. You're bothering other people by sticking around trying to catch up as a magician."

Maya's shoulders trembled. Tears fell from under her hair covering her face.

'She was a commoner, Maya...'

Shirone glared at Screamer.

He had never heard that Maya was a commoner, but that wasn't important. He insulted her major as a pig sound.

Maya's tone was rather clear rather than combative sound magic, so it was less effective.

It's personal attack. She wouldn't have heard it if she wasn't fat.

"I'm sorry... Hic! I'm sorry..."

Screamer got more annoyed.

A magician who whines just because he gets scolded. That too in graduation class.

It's an evaluation where everyone's life is at stake. But aren't you making him look like a bad guy for nothing?
```
[Translated block]


"Fine, get lost! And please, if you don't have the skills, please step down voluntarily. Don't you feel sorry for the others if you hold on because you got lucky and raised your rank a bit?"

The screamer turned coldly and walked away. Shirone followed him and called out.

"Hey."

The screamer turned his body back and lifted his chin.

"What?"

"Apologize to Maya."

The screamer's eyes changed to disbelief.

He had no reason to apologize, let alone interfere in this way. It was never a wise move in the graduation class.

'Look at this kid? Does he think he can do whatever he wants because he got picked by Fermi?'

When Shirone declared his self-reliance, the screamer was the only one who snorted.

Magic or whatever, they are all things that will kneel down with one touch outside the school, but they are rushing in because they are inside the school.

'No, maybe it's a good thing?'

The screamer was not stupid. He knew that crushing Shirone, who had passed the survival evaluation 7th stage, would raise his own stock.

'Let's try poking him once?'

The screamer decided and scratched Shirone.

"By the way, you were a commoner too, right? No, were you a royal? Oh, you thought you were a royal and then got exposed as a commoner again. Hahaha!"

It had been several months since he went to Kazra, so the students accepted Shirone as a commoner as a matter of course.

"I don't care if I'm a commoner or whatever. Cancel everything you said to Maya and apologize sincerely."

"I don't want to? Why do I have to do that? I did my part. It's Maya's responsibility that we came in last."

"No, it's a joint responsibility. And if someone has to take responsibility, it's you, the leader."

"What nonsense are you talking about? Do you know the party contribution? Do you know how many monsters I killed?"

Nade intervened in the conversation.

"Isn't it embarrassing to make a loud noise after neglecting your utility?"

The screamer's face flared up with anger. It was not enough with Shirone, now he had flies buzzing around him.

Iruki added a word.

"You're the main dealer, but there's not much difference from the sub dealer, right? Do you think the magic killer's ultimate strategy fits the annihilation operation? The fact that we got 0 points is a judgment mistake of the leader."

The screamer frowned.

"You outsiders talk a lot. My judgment was right. There was just a hole in the team. I had no choice but to go on an adventure with Maya anyway. Who does an evaluation to get just 1 or 2 points? Besides, I raised my contribution to 1.4."

"That's your limit. The fact that you thought about party contribution before the results came out means that you don't trust your teammates. Maya is also an official graduation class. There must have been many ways to score with her included."

"Hahaha! Really? If you were in my place instead of me in group 4, could you say that?"

"Of course. If I was the leader, I could have been at least in the top 3."

"Huh."

The screamer sighed.

This is why he hated newcomers. They talk as they please without even experiencing it.

Maya is hopeless. Apart from her skills, she was never a person who could be a magician.

"Can you get high scores with Maya? Do you really think that's possible?"

Amy said.

"At least higher than a team with a leader like you."

The screamer turned around. Amy was tapping her feet with her arms crossed.

"Are you talking to me right now?"

It would be one thing if she was someone who couldn't even compete like Maya, but she was someone who could clash with him in the future.

It was a rule of thumb in the graduation class to avoid conflict with potential competitors.

There was no need to get involved in unnecessary battles and give benefits to others.

Of course, Amy knew that too. No, she felt it painfully after being eliminated last year.

But this year would be different. Unlike Seriel, who was cautious of each other because they might hurt each other, she now had an ally she could trust and entrust everything to.

Amy walked forward with big strides. Iruki and Nade gave way with grim expressions. She felt more confident with the support fire of her comrades who were not strategic allies but comrades.
[Translated block]