


```text
[396] Capture the High Ground (5)

"How about it, my strategy? You fell for it, right?"

Screamer was satisfied.

He thought he was not a good guy anyway. No, even if he was a good guy, would there be anyone in the graduation class who trusted others more than himself?

But too strong self-assertion is awkward for others to digest.

"Anyway, it's done. You did a reverse position? Did you plan to ruin the game? You should have told me in advance."

"Hehe, sorry. It was a card of triumph, so I saved it. Anyway, we have an advantage now that we have killed Maya Nuna. Actually, I was thinking of making it a disqualification card here."

It was thwarted by Nade's interference.

Although he boasted that he was crazy, Nade's face at the time was something that deviated too far from the normal range.

"Aider."

Aider turned around at Siron's voice.

"Huh? Siron hyung, this is our camp, right? Oh, is it okay by regulation? Still, eavesdropping on the operation is cowardly."

"…Why did you do that?"

Aider tilted his head. Then, as if belatedly realizing it, he flicked his finger and said.

"Oh, Maya Nuna? What about that? Don't tell me you came all the way here to say something frustrating?"

"I'm asking again. Why did you do that?"

Aider's expression crumpled.

Now that he had revealed his true colors, there was no sign of him being afraid of his brothers as before.

"What's the problem? I just tried to put the guard in a groggy state. Screamer hyung hit him too, and Nade hyung hit him too. Maya Nuna is just weak. If it was Amy Nuna…."

"Don't be mistaken. I didn't come to get angry. That's not what I want to ask."

"Really?"

Aider clasped his hands and supported his head.

"I must have told you clearly. After the survival test is over."

Siron's pupils froze coldly.

"Don't touch me."

"…."

Anyone who messes with me will trample on them first. He clearly said that. In other words, Aider had risen to Siron's killing list.

"Hahaha! Then should I say ah, okay, I won't touch you again from now on?"

If it were before, he would have pretended to be scared, but now that he had gained the power of a huge organization called Fermi, there was nothing rough.

"I just wanted to make sure you knew. That's all I wanted to check."

Siron turned his body and returned to the allied camp.

Friends came up. There was only one minute left until the start of round 6, so they had to quickly set up a strategy.

"Siron, let's defend this round first. It will take time for Maya's mental strength to recover."

"No, we'll end it here. I'll do it, so block Screamer's team. If Forward is alone, they won't come back either."

Maya would not be able to recover during the confrontation. She had excluded batteries and enhanced omnipotence, and Aider's violence was too big a wound for her.

Iruki said.

"Siron, don't get excited. I'm annoyed too, but winning is important for now. You'll get more angry if you lose. You know that?"

"It's okay. Really nothing at all."

Siron smiled with only his eyes and suddenly turned around with a cold expression. With a terrible chill, his friends opened the way.

"It's a big deal. That guy is really pissed off."

In this case, there is no one who can stop Siron.

As expected, as soon as round 6 started, Siron flew straight to Aider without paying attention to anything.

"Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-"

Aider's mouth twitched with laughter. It was a strange expression mixed with fear and ecstasy.

The one with the strongest mental strength in the graduation class is flying towards him to trample on him.

"The more so, the more fun I am."

He already felt his body shivering as he thought of the misery of not being able to touch a single hair of his opponent who wanted to kill him.

Aider dodged between the barrage of photon cannons and made Siron more miserable.

"Hahaha
[Translated block]


Shirone landed in front of the flag without answering.

Aider's hands were covered with wind cutters. He planned to counterattack and finish the fight as soon as he grabbed the flag.

"Ataraxia."

A pale light formed a huge circle 10 meters above the summit, and exclamations erupted from outside the battlefield. It was a halo twice as big as when he faced Dante.

Aider stared blankly at the light wheel. Then he realized something and retreated hastily out of the radius.

'Damn. Anyway, he's an annoying guy.'

There was such a way. If you spread Ataraxia on the high ground, you can't easily approach it even if you grab the flag.

'Then...'

Aider crouched his body and calculated the timing to jump out. Once the magic circle was completed, he had to assume that there was no chance.

"30 seconds."

Shirone said.

"There are 30 seconds left. If you can't stop me in that time, you'll never be able to beat me."

'I know that, you bastard.'

He couldn't do anything even though he knew it because he had seen the power of Shirone's magic circle with his own eyes.

If he went in and got caught up in it, he might end up in the infirmary in the next round, regardless of the outcome.

'Maybe... I won't die.'

Anyway, it's two thousand times.

If it was real, he would never choose it, but it turned into a worthwhile challenge when filtered by virtuality.

'I'm going in!'

The fact that the magician's power dropped by more than half in split-second state also contributed to Aider's judgment.

It had to be that way.

But when the photon cannon roared and grazed his eardrums, his spine shivered involuntarily.

'Damn! Is it still impossible?'

Shirone, who was expected to be among the top class in graduation class in terms of single combat power.

Even in split-second state, one shot of power was not at Aider's level.

'No, I won't get hit anyway. He can never hit me.'

The price for accepting Fermi's deal was definitely great.

With ghost movement alone, he seemed to be able to graduate without Fermi's help.

"What? Is that all for Shirone? You're so pathetic. That's why you sucked your fingers until Maya got hit."

Shirone fired photon cannons at full speed.

But ghost movement pushed Aider's body aside without fail and avoided the flash.

"Hahaha! You can't do anything no matter how hard you try! Why don't you just...!"

At that moment, a strong impact hit his back of his head with a thud.

'Huh...?'

One of Aider's legs wobbled.

The AT algorithm broke. The fact was more frightening than the pain of anti-magic.

He looked up with disbelief and saw Shirone's face shaking palely. It was a much stronger shock than expected.

'I got hit by a normal attack.'

But how?

The AT algorithm responds to all objects that cause air resistance. It should have reacted normally whether it came from behind or from under the ground.

"What is... that?"

When his focus returned, he finally noticed the photon cannons floating around Shirone.

They were not particularly large or clear. There was just a creepy red dot on the center of the light.

"Laser guidance algorithm."

Dorothy muttered.

It's a high-level battery that matches the AT algorithm. The laser itself is a top-notch weapon.

'So I hit Shirone with...'

Dorothy's manipulator also has a similar function to the AT algorithm. But laser guidance algorithm was a natural enemy for automatic reflection function.

"Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!"

Aider flew around the high ground avoiding homing photon cannons. But he couldn't shake them off no matter where he ran.

He wanted to peel off the skin with red dots on it.

It was nothing but magic with a power of nearly 8,000 pres per piece.

'Damn! Where did this magic come from?'

The flight trajectory of homing photon cannon that intercepted 7th level drone was comparable to the movement of professional magician.
[Translated block]


With Aider's skill, he couldn't escape the trap of the laser guidance algorithm, and eventually he was defeated.

"Kruk!"

Aider's body shook from side to side as the flash passed by just before colliding with the homing photon cannon.

The feeling of relief was only for a moment, and the real horror came.

Eight photons were approaching, sliding over the AT algorithm like hyenas circling around their prey.

"Uh? Uh uh?"

His body shook involuntarily and he vomited. But more than that, he was terrified of the impending shock.

"Aaaaaah!"

The homing photon cannon that wrapped around Aider's waist like a snake exploded on the back of his head.

"Kruk!"

It was such a powerful force that he would have lost consciousness even if he had passed the survival level 4.

Aider, who fell to the ground, lifted his head. His expression was like a demon, revealing his emotions.

"You filthy bastards...!"

Puff puff puff puff puff puff puff bang!

His voice was drowned out by the successive sounds of impact from the air.

The homing photon cannon was merciless. The ruthless light just bombed where the laser guided.

"Kuaaaaaaaa!"

Aider grabbed his head and groaned. It felt like hundreds of needles were digging into his brain.

He realized that he couldn't win like this and knelt down hastily when he saw Shirone approaching.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Bro!"

Shirone stopped walking.

"I did something wrong! I won't do it again. Just take the flag and end it. Please!"

"What did you do wrong?"

"I hit Maya nuna. I'm sorry for hiding my true feelings and pretending otherwise. I'm always like this. I can't help it. But I won't do it again. I'll apologize to nuna too."

The magician knows exactly how his actions affect the outside world. That's why they don't show their anger. Even that act only converges to the best result when it's not.

"...Apologize to Maya properly."

Shirone passed by Aider as he was.

'Ah, Shirone bro. Bro is really...'

Aider's eyes flickered as he looked back at Shirone.

If he could hit him properly on the back of his head. If he could beat him up while looking at his eyes bleeding and falling down.

How thrilling would it be?

He was conscious of flying away with just imagination.

The anticipated pleasure led him to the spirit zone. The ghost movement magic began to wrap around him as the AT algorithm was equipped.

'I can do it. He can't counterattack at this distance!'

Shirone looked up at the sky. His hot anger burned his head, but even that quickly froze.

The sky is cold.

100 percent concentration sharpened the spirit zone and caused a powerful synergy of omnipotence and omniscience.

He adds more magic power by suppressing even a word of anger.

That was the magician's anger.

'Now!'

Aider jumped out at Shirone with his eyes wide open when Screamer shouted.

"Idiot! Up! Up!"

Aider's face turned pale as he lifted his head vertically.

Ataraxia, which had been completed before he knew it, was visible. And above that, the laser of the homing photon cannon was aiming at his forehead.

It was different in power and scale from what he had cast on Dante. The sync rate at that time was 50 percent, but now it was 80 percent.

"Damn it!"

Aider grabbed his head and crouched down.

The homing photon cannon pierced through Ataraxia and stabbed straight down from 10 meters high with a huge flash.

"Kuaaaaaaaaaa!"

The massive waterfall of antimagic destroyed Aider's mind as it turned into antimagic. His nose popped like a cannon and blood tears flowed down.

Dududududu!

Aider's body began to vibrate at a terrible speed.

There is no forest judgment for humans, but the interaction between magic is clearly implemented.

The AT algorithm that was caught in the shock wave started to move Aider as it performed its original function.
[Translated block]


The problem was... there was nowhere to escape.

"Kueeeek! Kueeeek!"

Aider, trapped in a huge flash, bounced at a tremendous speed. It was as if someone grabbed his spine and shook it at will.

Ududuk! Ududuk! As the sound of fractures throughout his body was heard, everyone was shocked.

The duration of the flash was only 1.6 seconds, but it was enough time until there was no intact bone left.

Aider, who bounced out of the flash, rolled down the hill. His eyes had no pupils as he lay down looking at the sky.

Shirone turned his body back to Aider only after Ataraxia disappeared.

His eyes were calm even as he saw his limbs broken in an impossible direction.

"Keep your promise to apologize to Maya."

If it was Shirone who was broken, would Aider's actions have been recognized?

Was it Maya's weakness that was not like a magician? Was it Aider's evil that was too much like a magician?

Was this also nothing more than the cruel competition system of the graduation class?

There was no need to judge. Shirone would continue on, and Aider's graduation class journey ended here.

That was all that mattered to a magician.

The door to the battlefield opened and the medical staff ran in.

(End of Volume 16)
[Translated block]