
[364] The worst project (2)

Shirone arrived at the 18th floor. It was a place where anyone who was an employee could go, but crossing the door to the association president's office was a completely different matter.

Standing in front of the door and taking a deep breath, Flue said to Shirone.

"Listen well. The association president is beyond this door."

Shirone looked back at Flue.

"What you hear here must never leak out. It's on a different dimension from what I know. I won't ask you anything from now on. So don't show any reaction."

Shirone could feel Flue's determination. And he had also risked his life to come here. He was curious about what Gaold would say, but on the other hand, he hoped it was something he could handle.

Flue knocked on the door instead of Shirone.

"Shirone is here."

The door opened and Gangnan stuck her face out. She looked outside first and then looked back at Shirone.

"You're here. You recovered quickly."

"Yes. Thanks to your care."

"Come in. Flue, go down and do your business. Good job."

Flue was not offended. From now on, it was not an area where he could interfere.

"Of course I did what I had to do. Then."

It was only after Flue left that Gangnan opened the door wide.

Gaold, who had finished dyeing his hair, was buried in the old sofa of the association president's office. The wallpaper smelled of stale cigarettes.

"Are you here? Sit down."

As soon as he sat down opposite Gaold, Gangnan brought out some tea.

No one said anything. The three of them knew who had to open the door.

"Miro is......"

Gaold finally opened his mouth.

"He's my schoolmate."

"Yes, I know."

"He was a strange kid. No, should I say eccentric? One day he said he could create life. So I told him to try it and he said he needed a cadaver."

Gaold started talking about Miro. Shirone was also curious about Miro as much as he was curious about Gaold, so he perked up his ears.

"So he sneaked into the anatomy lab and took out a cadaver. He just collected some tissues. Of course, he would have been expelled if he got caught, but he didn't care at all. Then he took me to his lab and there was a tank on the table. Next to it were all kinds of strange devices and hoses were tangled and stuck together......"

Gaold waved his hand exaggeratedly as if it was too bothersome to explain.

"Yes, I think I know what kind of place it is."

"He put all sorts of weird things into the tank. It was a disgusting sight. So I just said I'd go back and he held me back until the end. He said he had something for me to do. In the end, I couldn't go anywhere and got stuck."

He couldn't believe that Gaold, who seemed to overwhelm everyone with his eyes alone, had been unable to move because of Miro. If he imagined it, he couldn't help but laugh.

"So he got ready. Miro gave me a small cup. Then he told me to get some semen."

"Cough! Cough!"

Coincidentally, some tea went down Shirone's throat.

"So... did you give it to him?"

"Am I crazy
[Translated block]


"Did you bring it from somewhere......"

Gaold shook his head.

"No. I thought so at first. But humans always imagine creatures based on their knowledge and patterns. But it was completely different. It was a creature that was born in a completely independent environment."

Shirone couldn't believe it.

But Gaold's eyes were sincere. Even now, as a first-class grand mage, his pupils were still trembling with shock as he recalled the situation.

"I'm sure you would have thought the same as me if you were there. A sense of alienation that comes from your instincts, not your head. That creature was completely different from us."

"How did Miro make it?"

Is it possible for humans to create life? The current realm of humanity was only to create magical creatures with mobility, such as Habist. No one calls Habist a living thing.

"Miro was silent about that. He begged me not to tell anyone about today's incident. But now I have a vague guess. Miro is the most outstanding scale mage in the world. In a specific space he created, he could speed up time by billions of years."

"Did he evolve primitive life forms?"

"It could be. Anyway, that's not important. What's important is that I had to run around the school in my underwear. Thanks to that, I was branded as a pervert."

'It seems like that doesn't matter at all.'

Shirone swallowed the words that came up to his throat.

Gaold chuckled, understanding Shirone's feelings. Of course, that didn't mean his words earlier were a joke.

"Miro knew that the creature wouldn't live long. It died a week later. Miro cried a lot that day. You might wonder why he made it, but he was such a strange kid. He was uncontrollable."

Shirone nodded his head. Even from the anecdotes Gaold told him, he was not an ordinary person.

"Not only life forms. He was a genius of creation. He made all kinds of inventions that no one could think of. When I asked him how he could do that, he said he saw it with his eyes. When he heard the name of an object, the principle came to his mind automatically."

"Name... when he heard it?"

Shirone had one thing in his mind.

"Yeah. Maybe he reached the Akashic Records. Anyway, Miro quickly made his mark in the mage society. He opened the Immortal Function long ago and thought he could twist space-time with magnetism. But he wasn't interested in success. He was like a woman whose head was full of curiosity. That's how the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society was formed."

"Yes. I'm also a member of that."

Shirone felt proud of being part of it.

"Hehe, congratulations on ruining your life. There are three founding members. Me, Miro and another crazy guy named Sein."

"Is Sein the one who has Servant Syndrome? The one who made the Master Key of Estas."

"Well... I don't really like him."

Gaold skipped the explanation in one word. Shirone wanted to hear what he was doing and where he was now, so it was a pity.

"And... this is what you need to hear as a first-class secret."

Gaold changed his expression and Shirone swallowed his saliva.

"As a result, Miro's genius led to the worst situation. The twelve rulers who had the most powerful power in the world, namely 'Holy War', began to watch Miro. They had been watching the situation of heaven for a long time. That's how they created Valkyrie, the army of Holy War."

Shirone's expression darkened. The reason why King Orkampf of Kazra called him was also to exert influence within Valkyrie using Ataraxia.

"Holy War realized that the final war was imminent and looked for Gepin's successor. In the process, Miro was chosen. A girl with a bright future became a barrier for humanity in an instant. Can you guess? How does it feel to be trapped in your own world forever, with a fate that can't grow old or die?"
[Translated block]


```
Shirone could not dare to talk back.

"The trial began in the midst of the world's famous leaders. It was the day of the 20 judges. The first-class messengers of the empire, the pope of the Rami religion, the saint who was called the living saint, the head of the human rights organization, etc. To balance, Miro's teacher Alpheus, Olivia, the inspector of the Torumia Kingdom Teachers' Association, also received voting rights. The result was 16 in favor, 1 against, and 3 abstentions. Eventually, Miro left the world with that conclusion."

"How can you do such a thing......"

For Miro, it was a matter of weighing human life and his own life. Even if he decided on his own, in a situation where he had to doubt the truth, it was absurd that only 20 people gathered and ended one person's life.

"Yeah. The whole process was too complicated for me, but the world seemed to flow very easily. No one could raise their flag in front of the proposition that they could save all mankind with one sacrifice. That's how a few crazy days passed, and finally the day came. And Miro..."

Gaold's voice suddenly faded and then disappeared. He was lost in thought, staring at a meaningless space.

His breath became rough and blood vessels rose in his eyes. Tears filled his eyes that did not match his strong face.

-Please save Miro! I have lived without shame as a servant of God for my whole life! I don't mind giving up my soul! So please just Miro...!

-Did you say your name was Gaold?

-Please... Please give this young servant God's grace! God's mercy...!

-God will forgive us too.

Shirone looked around with a surprised expression. The furniture in the room shook with a clatter as if there was an earthquake.

'What?'

Shirone turned his head to Gaold and choked. A storm of emotions that could not be approached was raging in Gaold's eyes, which had dried up.

The scenery changed and a huge flame rose.

A pressure that was different from what he experienced in the bunker. The only difference was that Gaold was also in that hell this time.

Gaold's eyes dried up and his whites were exposed. His face was completely distorted, and his lips were torn open with his teeth exposed.

'Ugh! This is too much.'

He was holding on with the power of incarnation, but real physical force was at work. If he stayed like this, the 18th floor might explode.

Gangnan's low and sharp voice pierced through the flames.

"President."

The hellish scenery disappeared as if it were a lie. Gaold opened his eyes thinly as if he had just come to his senses.

Only then could Shirone breathe. He didn't even know that his whole body was soaked in cold sweat.

Gaold leaned back on the sofa as if nothing had happened. But he could no longer hear from him about the 20 judges.

"Anyway, that's how Miro left the world. After that day, I planned a project and now I'm only left with realization. This is why I wanted to see you."

Shirone calmed down his surprised heart and prepared to listen. Gaold looked at him for a while and then leaned forward.

"I'm going to destroy Miro's space-time."

"......"

Shirone first put Gaold's words in his head. And he analyzed the meaning. The feeling after realizing it was much more creepy than when he first heard it.

"You're going to destroy Miro's space-time?"

He meant to bring Miro back. It was natural from Gaold's point of view.

But if that happens... this world will step into destruction.

"If Miro's space-time disappears..."

"Yeah. The army of heaven will invade. Eight archangels, dozens of flat angels, hundreds of fallen angels, thousands of maras, giants and fairies, ancient magic, schema, mech weapons armed with firepower of new people. No matter who wins, our world will be destroyed. That's what I'm talking about."
```

What do you think? Do you want to hear more about Gaold's plan?
[Translated block]


Gaold did not turn away from the truth. He had never wavered in his resolve for 20 years.

Sirone rubbed his face with both hands. He was frustrated that his anxiety had become a reality. No, it was a much bigger problem than he had expected.

It was a matter of rescuing a woman by holding all the lives of this world as collateral. He was not scared or making a fuss. He felt his head cool down as he faced a problem that was beyond his ability to handle.

"Is there a way?"

If he could have brought Miro, Gaold would have done so long ago. In the end, he could only see that there was some difficult condition attached.

"Of course there is."

Gaold smiled pleasantly. He trusted Sirone more than ever, who never missed the core of any situation.
[Translated block]