


[776] Chain Reaction (2)

* * *

Upon arriving at Zion, Meirei jumped out of bed, covered one ear, and knelt down.

"Chief Justice."

He received a call from Teraphos, who was conducting a filibuster to prevent punishment for Siron's apostasy.

-The situation has reversed.

"I heard."

Nane's sermon, the law of the heart, was engraved on all living beings in the universe through quantum teleportation.

Since it is a phenomenon that works in the heart, most people can't even think that they have obtained information, but those who know about the apostasy realized it.

'Now we can apostatize.'

-Anke Ra, or rather Nane, who swallowed Ra's dream, broke the third clause of the absolute three principles herself.

"What happens to Siron?"

-Approve the apostasy. Of course, the same goes for Gaold. Of course, Teraphos' judgment will continue. But...

The Chief Justice carefully chose his words.

-At that time, we will have to proceed with the judgment at the risk of the extinction of the entire system, not the planet.

The end of the world was approaching.

"What should I do?"

-Help Zion stop evil. The labyrinth will guide you. So that the day when Teraphos destroys the entire universe does not come...

The communication was cut off.

"Nane survived."

Gaold's party searched the sky for two days, but could not find Nane and Shura.

It was only after hearing the sermon on the way to the South Pole on the Kaidra that they confirmed that they had survived.

"But there is no Buddha now."

Miro sensed arrogance.

"Assuming that Shura is alive, it's not easy to find Nane. But now we can end the game. When we return to Zion, we will launch a total offensive against evil."

If the altar is sealed and the evil is punished, the brilliant flower of goodness will bloom in the world again.

Zulu, sitting in the cockpit of Kaidra, said.

"The seal of the altar will be taken care of by Yahweh, but apart from that, the demons are strong. It's not an easy fight."

Everyone except Miro looked at Gaold.

'Surely the demons are strong. But if it's Gaold...'

A magician who transcends everything, if it's the one who broke the Buddha, it's worth trying the army of hell that exceeds 2 billion.

'The only problem is...'

Sain alternately looked at Gaold and Miro, who were inwardly and outwardly ignoring each other.

'Since the battle ended, they haven't exchanged a word, and now they don't even meet their eyes.'

'It must be confusing.'

It was rather simple when Miro was handling everything.

"But now the board has changed."

Miro needs Gaold, and Gaold still loves Miro.

What's the matter, I thought.

'You're not heartless, are you?'

Although she didn't want to admit it, the only human left in Miro's mind was Gaold.

Miro felt Sain's gaze, but pretended not to know until the end and turned her head back.

'I'm really crazy.'

I'm pushing my back to someone else's business.

Of course, if there is a man who can be called a man for her, Gaold is the only one, but it was just a tiny heart.

That speck was so small that she didn't even know if it was love or friendship or sympathy.

'I should have just dated back then.'

Alpheus Magic School days.

It might have been possible to accept Gaold's confession at the survival test 6th stage, superheat.

'Would the result have been different?'

Maybe.

'So now it's complicated.'

If Gaold had achieved the current result while obtaining Miro's love, he could handle it.

'But if you accept that guy now...'

What happens to Gaold?

With the love for Miro as the only thing that has endured, when he finally achieves it, the law that constitutes him collapses.

'He could die. Anyway...'

The strong spirit that can even break the Buddha must be dulled, and in the worst case, it will become a cripple.

'Does he know?'

Gaold will know.
[Translated block]


"So that guy is ignoring me too."

He had twice made it through hell and finally crossed the maze, but he still had nothing.

"But I'll fight."

Suddenly, the maze, thinking from Gaold's point of view, looked up at the sky with a desolate look.

"Whether the world perishes or not, it doesn't matter to you."

He was a person who had nothing to regret even if he left the world at any time after spending the rest of his life with the woman he loved.

"But it's okay. If you want, I'll do that."

Isn't the pain enough?

"You've done a lot for the world already. If you become a cripple, I'll take care of you, and if you die, I'll be buried next to you."

But Gaold's choice was to stay by his side and fight for the maze until the end.

"But now you can't even love me?"

It was time to make a decision, as he had been avoiding Gaold in anticipation of such a situation.

"Sigh."

Arius shrugged at the sigh of the maze.

"That poor human......"

* * *

"Shirone! It's time to move out! Get ready!"

When Minerva broke into Shirone's house, Shirone was already fully prepared.

"What? You're fast?"

He already knew the situation after hearing Nane's sermon and hearing the circumstances from Taesung.

'Gaold has returned.'

He surpassed the limit, broke the Buddha, and now that Nane has broken the law, there is no master of the world.

When Gaold's shock wave caused a chain reaction in the law, Shirone was finally able to escape from the judgment of Teraphos.

"This is not the end."

Minerva nodded her head.

"The disappearance of the Buddha is just the beginning. A world of chaos where anything is allowed if there is no right person is coming."

"Evil will become stronger."

Minerva handed over the documents of "Law Killing".

"We have to block it. Let's go to Kashan. Even if we use 'Law Killing', we can't do it without the help of the Holy War."

Since he was planning to go to Uorin anyway, Shirone followed Minerva out without any grumbling.

When they were about to escape from the magic circle on the first floor of the Ivory Tower to the Corona Kingdom, four familiar people approached.

'People playing card games?'

Minerva raised the corners of her mouth.

"Oh my, what's going on? The fossils that haven't left the White Inn for 14 years are here?"

The bald old man, Agaya, said.

"The game is over. I came to tell you the result."

"Ho, who's the winner?"

Gudio, with a red beard, said.

"The one who wants to keep the game."

Bakae.

Although it was just a card game, it was not a bad result to hear in a situation where a fierce battle was ahead.

"What are you going to do now?"

The skinny man, Ness, said.

"Since reality has changed, I'm going to rerun the simulation. This time, the one who wants to end the game......"

"More than that, there's a more interesting game, want to join?"

In order to accurately target the law of "Law Killing", those who play card games were essential.

The man with slit eyes, Maierus, asked.

"Is there a more interesting gamble than this?"

"No matter how fun it is, it's a simulation, right? It's about time to show off your skills in a real game."

"What kind of game is it?"

"Bankrupt the one who must take it away."

"......"

Maierus looked around at his colleagues and asked for their opinions, but Minerva already knew the result.

'Because they are......'

They were really crazy about gambling.

"Is the stake enough?"

The four men said at the same time.

* * *

Kashan's Yellow Castle Aganos.

When Uorin received a signal at midnight, she had been running around the wide palace without a break since dawn.

'Shirone is coming!'

With Minerva.

'Why does it have to be that woman?'

Uorin's eyes, which were already excited, narrowed.

'It doesn't matter. How long have I been waiting for this time......'

It was not a wait that could be done with a human lifespan.
[Translated block]


"I can finally meet you, Shironel!"

Although it was just a change in memory, to her, the protagonist of the memory, it was no different from physical time.

"Gando!"

The door opened immediately.

"Did you call me?"

"Is the preparation going smoothly?"

"If you hadn't called me 30 seconds ago, I would be checking by now."

She knew that as long as there were no mistakes in welcoming Shironel, Uorin would not get angry today.

"Isn't 30 seconds too harsh? It's been about 5 minutes."

"My steps are not that slow."

As befits his nickname, Urel, Gando arrived in an instant, crossing the 200-meter corridor.

"Anyway, good."

Anyway, it's good.

"I need to put on makeup. Call the coordinator. I'll do it lightly. The lips are a bit redder......"

Gando was worried.

"Your Majesty is the strongest and most beautiful person in the world. I don't think you need to do anything more."

"What does it matter if I'm beautiful? Shironel has to like it. Call the coordinator."

"Your Majesty."

Gando risked his life.

"Are you really okay with this? I've never seen you so shaken."

Uorin said while changing her earrings

"......I know."

"Isn't it obvious? Shironel is a tool needed for your daughter. If you love Shironel......"

Yes, let's die here.

"Will you become a daughter again and love your father?"

Gando, who finally spit it out, closed his eyes waiting for Uorin to call the wind.

"Gando."

The name she called was Gando.

"Yes, as you say, Teraje is not an individual. It's history. But you know. Now Shironel has come with that history."

Gando didn't want to hear it.

'Kill me! You have to kill me, Your Majesty!'

When the huge history called Teraje is defined as a single human being, Uorin, the future of Kasyan is not guaranteed.

"At first, survival was the goal. But from the moment Shironel took over the beginning of my memory, I've been keeping history waiting for today."

Gando clenched his teeth.

"Kill me! Just say you're going to kill me......!"

"My son."

The moment Uorin's words fell, Gando couldn't think of anything as if he had been hit in the head with a hammer.

Son.

He couldn't even feel what it was like right now because he thought it was a word that didn't exist in the world.

"There is no Uorin without Kasyan. It's true that I'm shaking, and I know I'll be criticized by the world. So......"

Uorin looked back at Gando and smiled sadly.

"Can't you just cheer for your mom?"

With a thud, the hot tears silently flowed down his cheeks.

"......"

Lowering his head and wiping away his tears, Gando tried to steady his trembling voice and said.

"You will arrive in the evening. Please get some sleep. I will proceed with the preparation without any problems."

"......Thank you."

The door closed with a quiet sound.

In the room where Gando left and was left alone, Uorin put her hand on the dressing table and looked into the mirror.

"I know."

Teraje, who came to the throne of the empress by analyzing the past endlessly based on the bottom line.

"That's how I got here."

The moment of enjoying the unexpected event in the playtime as long as history was fleeting.

'Life is enough once.'

The same event, the same lines, the reason why he endured the boring play as many times as the number of resets......

'The only unknown left to me.'

It was for the most brilliant event in Teraje's life.
[Translated block]