


[403] Final Decision (3)

After finishing the final battery evaluation, Shirone headed to the restaurant with his friends.

He got a perfect score, but he was restless and there were quite a few anxious moments.

His friends must have noticed, because the atmosphere at the table was different from before.

Shirone didn't have the mind to care about other people's feelings.

When will he hear from Gaold? And even if he does, what choice can he make?

Everything was uncertain.

"Shirone, do you have any worries lately? Your expression is really bad. Are you sick?"

Amy put down her utensils and asked.

Even if it wasn't Shirone, all the students were depressed, but today his face was so pale that he couldn't stand it anymore.

"I'm fine. I just don't feel well."

"Some people have trouble adjusting their condition before the mid-term. I was like that last year too. But hang in there a little longer. The vacation is coming soon."

Shirone forced a smile.

As Amy, who had already experienced the graduation class, he was worried about his shaky appearance in front of the 15th week milestone.

"Shirone, here's some water."

Maya poured some water herself and handed it to Shirone.

He had been playing with his fork without eating properly since a while ago, and his appearance was pitiful.

"Thanks."

Shirone obediently accepted Maya's kindness.

He was someone who measured the distance of relationships before emotions when dealing with someone, so his attitude towards Maya could be considered unusual.

Amy pouted her lower lip and watched Shirone and Maya talk.

Maya is a nice and bright kid. So it wouldn't be a bad thing for her to get along with Shirone.

But on the other hand, she felt strangely uneasy.

Did she feel like her place, which she didn't even know herself, was taken away?

Shirone looked at Maya's plate and asked.

"Huh? Maya, why aren't you eating?"

"I'm done. I don't eat as much as I used to."

Maya had reduced her food intake since the end of the high ground occupation evaluation.

To be precise, she returned to her original food intake.

Maya, who realized that she had no talent for singing, decided to strengthen her sound magic with her original voice as Eruki advised.

She had to become a magician first to have a future.

But more important than her career was the desire that rose in her heart.

She wanted to be loved by Shirone. She wanted to stand in front of him in a more beautiful way.

Just by not binge eating, Maya's appearance became noticeably prettier.

Her face lost weight, making her eyes bigger and deeper, and her nose also became fresher.

Her plump flesh also shrank, making her clothes loose and her shoulders down to her arms.

The graduation class students couldn't ignore Maya as they used to.

It was a bitter thing in some sense, but human nature that gave power to beauty was inevitable.

Nade and Eruki also looked at Maya's changing appearance with curiosity.

'She definitely changed a lot. The face I saw in the picture book is coming out more and more.'

The strange tension grew stronger as well.

Amy was a nagging person, but Maya was clumsy at hiding her emotions, so everyone knew that she fell for Shirone.

Amy suddenly raised her voice.

"Are you eating now? You were like that in today's battery test. You almost got one wrong. Class 2 is competing with Class 1. If you make a mistake in the first half, you'll have more trouble in the second half when your physical strength is relatively low. Get your mind straight and do it."

Amy knew that this was the most important time because she had already failed the graduation exam once.

Even if everyone was depressed by the magic association incident, they had to have a clear goal and do their best.

It's not like you're going to die if you skip a meal.
[Translated block]


```text
If you don't pull yourself together now, you'll miss the biggest part of your life.

Amy hoped that Shirone would not regret it.

"Shirone, try this too."

Maya cut the meat part that Shirone liked and put it in a bite-sized piece.

It was an act that revealed as if blocking nagging, and there was actually a tearful side.

The question that came to mind as they became a team and got close was whether Amy really loved Shirone.

Of course, Maya also hoped that Shirone would become a great magician, but she thought that what a person who was stressed by having nightmares needed was comfort, not advice.

'You're too much, Amy. If I were you, I'd be crazy with happiness. I could do anything Shirone asked me to do, but treat him so casually.'

Shirone picked up the meat that Maya had scooped out and put it in his mouth.

He chose it because it was in the best condition to eat, but he didn't even know who had put it down.

All sorts of thoughts were tangled up and his head felt like it was going to explode.

Did Gaold meet Alpheus?

If he gets caught by the National Intelligence Service, it may be dangerous to continue the evaluation as it is.

Just as navigation does not guarantee the safety of students, trusting someone else's life and being optimistic is a foolish act.

Shirone put down his utensils with a thud.

As Amy and Maya's nerve war was going on, Nade and Iruki looked back with a flinch.

"Sorry. I'll go to the dorm first. I'm feeling really sick."

Maya got up right away, but Shirone left the restaurant without looking at anyone.

Amy was frustrated.

She knew that Shirone had gone to the association. That's why she wanted him to tell her first.

As when he went to heaven, when he went to Kazra, when he went to the old castle site, he wanted him to come first.

'What's the reason? Why don't you tell me anything this time?'

Maya looked at the door until Shirone left, then bit her upper lip and looked back at Amy.

There was no reason to hate Amy. What made her angry was the current situation where she had to get her permission even for her own emotions.

Amy lifted her head as she felt Maya's gaze. Then she turned her head away in a hurry.

As she felt a stronger will than ever in Maya's eyes, she finally thought that what was coming had come.

"Amy, can I talk to you for a moment?"

Amy's heart sank.

She thought it wouldn't happen, but no, in a corner of her mind she knew for sure that this time would come, but when it came down to it, all she thought was 'just a little later'.

"Ca-can't we do it next time? I have something busy today......"

"I just need a minute. I'll wait outside."

As Maya walked away with her plate, Amy's head turned pale. But in the end, with a word of reason that the future will come anyway, she got up from her seat.

She followed Maya as if possessed, and Nade and Iruki shrugged their shoulders as they watched Amy's back.

* * *

The book 'Seeing Darkness' in the principal's office bookcase tilted 45 degrees and went into the bookcase by itself.

The bookcase closed with a sound of gears turning and locked with a thud from inside.

A secret place designed by Alpheus long ago to store Erina's memories.

But now all her relics have been moved to the annex and the room on the 3.5th floor was empty.

Alpheus and Olivia walked down the stairs side by side.

Unlike Alpheus who smiled bitterly, Olivia's expression was fierce. Maybe she looked tense too.

"Kuku, long time no see, sir."

Gaold raised his hand in greeting with his chin resting on his hand on the bare floor. Next to him was Flu guarding him.

"Hello. I'm Flu, an official 8th class magician."

"Long time no see, Flu."

At Olivia's greeting, Flu lowered his eyes.

He had no shame in facing the sky, but socially he became a traitor and showed up, so he had no face to see his teacher.
```
[Translated block]


'He was a special child, but why did he go to Gauld...'

He was a child I had been keeping an eye on since I was the headmaster of the Royal Magic School.

But his bright future was now blocked. No, he was a fugitive who could not guarantee his life tomorrow.

It was all because of Gauld.

How much trouble is one madman causing to many people and society?

Gauld looked around with interest.

"So this is the rumored panic room. I didn't think it really existed, but anyway, you're clever and mischievous."

Alpheus skipped the small talk.

"Why did you come looking for me?"

"Oh... I visited my alma mater as a student, but you're a ghost. Isn't that too cruel?"

"You turned the school upside down by yourself. Agents came every day and messed up the school. If you had come a few days earlier, everyone would have been hurt."

"Hehe, even Alpheus is done. The kids here don't even know if the agents came and went, and if there were still agents, they wouldn't have let me in."

"You know very well. So ask again. Why did you come looking for me?"

Gauld sighed.

"I'm going to enter Istas."

"Eventually... do you mean to meet Miro?"

"Hehe, then do you think I came to find the thing I left behind?"

"Gauld, your arbitrariness is disturbing the world. Miro doesn't want to see you anymore either. She accepted everything and went in on her own."

"How do you know that?"

Gauld's eyes widened.

Plu, who sensed the extreme heat of his eyes, squinted one eye, but Gauld only changed his face fiercely, not emitting any energy.

"Do you know how many people I've sent to hell for approaching Istas? I haven't let anyone in for 20 years, including me. How do you know what Miro thinks?"

"Gauld, Miro is..."

"Enough. I'm going to go into Istas myself. After all, we made it. Actually, there's one more favor besides that, so please help me out."

Alpheus asked in a resigned voice.

"Yeah, what kind of favor are you talking about?"

"As you know, my hands and feet are all cut off. The association took them all. Of course, the core factors are intact, but I can't do anything with just my head. Lend me some people. Competent ones."

No matter how great Gauld was, he couldn't carry out all the operations by himself.

He needed someone with a powerful punch, but also someone who could devise tactics, execute them, and support them.

"I have them here at school, the bishop of the Carciss Metropolitan Council."

Olivia burst out angrily.

"Do you think I'll send precious school personnel as cannon fodder? And what you're trying to do is against human survival. Isn't it enough to rebel and now you're trying to mess up the world?"

"Shut up."

Gauld looked at Olivia face-to-face for the first time since he entered the room.

His eyes didn't explode, but they seemed to pierce through his body with just a glance.

"Why do you think I'm still keeping you alive? Huh? No! Answer me."

Olivia clenched her lips and glared at him fiercely.

"Because I'm not worth killing."

Gauld's teeth grinded.

"Abstain? A person who audits the teachers' council, a student of the kingdom who got dragged into the dimension of fear, what? Abstain? Do you know what people call people like you? Hypocrites. You don't like this or that, and you have one of the twenty cards that can sway human survival, and all you chose was abstain?"

Olivia's lips trembled. She looked down slowly from Gauld's eyes.
[Translated block]


"Ah, it was inevitable."

No matter what she chose, it was not the outcome Olivia wanted. No, actually, that was just an excuse.

She was just scared. She was in a situation where she was too terrified to choose anything.

The helplessness of that time was vivid in Olivia's eyes, and transparent tears formed.

Gaold turned away with a disgusted expression.

He was a second-class grand mage recognized by the world, but he couldn't even strip off the shell of a woman. That's why he was only a second-class grand mage.

'This is why I hated coming to school.'

This place was full of the past.

The past that could not be erased no matter how hard she tried.

Even though Gaold couldn't remember what happened an hour ago, he could vividly recall the scenery that reflected in his eyes on the day of the 20 Judges, even down to the antennae of the bugs on the leaves.

"Sigh."

Gaold looked back at Alpheus again.

It was probably the first time anyone who knew him saw him, a very human expression.

"Please, help me. Master."

"......"

There was a day called the 20 Judges.

The day when 20 people representing the world, and able to speak for the position of the labyrinth, gathered to decide the future of humanity.

The result was 16 votes in favor, 1 vote against, and 3 abstentions.

The only person who valued one person's life more than the lives of all humanity was Mirhi Alpheus.

The only one who stood on Gaold's side, he willingly carved a dissent on his card.

"You know. I don't trust anyone but you, Master. Help me. I have to find the labyrinth. It's not dead. It's still alive over there, so why won't you look for it?"

Alpheus was immersed in agony.

Maybe Olivia's choice at the 20 Judges was the most rational decision that good could make.

But he knew, how it felt when someone precious to him disappeared in front of his eyes, something that couldn't be exchanged for anything in the world.

It wasn't a choice made for the world. Alpheus was also a madman who had no choice.

"Ask Ethela......"

Maybe Ethela would agree.

The bishop of the Carciss Cathedral and the direct successor of the Yin-Yang Wave Power.

He had talent that wouldn't be in his current position if he hadn't lowered his body and mind with the faith of One Mind Three Thousand.

He was enough material for Gaold to use.

"Stay here for a while. I'll take care of the agents with Olivia. Let's get ready to open Estas."

As Alpheus turned away with a drained face, Gaold finally regained his smile.

Then he raised his hand as if he suddenly remembered something.

"Oh, wait a minute."

Alpheus turned around at the stairs.

"While you're at it, please recruit one more person."
[Translated block]