


```text
[471] The Awakening of the Human (1)

Shirone and Flue infiltrated Paradise and changed into the clothes of the divine people after meeting Peope.

Although they could distinguish between real and unreal with the ability of fairies, trusting Peope was a completely different matter.

Flue wondered if it was okay to follow her for a moment, but Shirone had no intention of interfering prematurely as long as she didn't make a fuss.

Anyway, she needed clothes too.

Shirone, who came out of Paradise, was able to get a rough explanation from Peope.

The current system of Aegis was disabled and the interception system was paralyzed.

In other words, it means that you can freely cross the wall by climbing from the first heaven to the seventh heaven of heaven.

Therefore, the entrance to the wall is guarded by giants, and fairies from the Divine Management Department are temporarily deployed in the sky to guard the airspace.

"Do we have to do aerial combat to get over Arabot? This is tricky in its own way."

Flue leaned his chin and fell into thought.

It's quick to jump over with teleportation, but it was a very difficult mission to break through the fairy troops that handle different justice abilities.

"There's one way."

Peope said.

"To get through the fairy troops in the air, you need a permit from your superiors. If you get that, you'll be able to cross over to Arabot safely."

Shirone couldn't answer right away.

Peope doesn't know what he's going to do to go to Arabot.

If she knew that he was going to activate God's punishment and destroy heaven, what expression would she make?

'Why... don't you ask me anything, Peope?'

Come to think of it, it didn't make sense for her, who belonged to the Fairy Department, to help him in the midst of a war with heaven.

Can you do this much just out of personal liking?

Flue, who had the same thought, asked without showing his intention.

"Can we get a permit?"

"I don't know. Even if I ask Mr. Igirin, I don't think he'll easily agree. But if you're willing to try, I can help you."

Shirone asked.

"Where do we go?"

Peope pointed to the northwest of Shehakim.

A cone-shaped spire made of white bricks stood beyond Paradise.

"That's Shehakim's Divine Management Department."

Shirone and Flue looked at each other.

It means going into enemy territory voluntarily.

Even if he trusted Peope, he couldn't gamble with an important mission ahead of him.

"I'll just have to choose a way over the wall. Can you guide me to where Arabot is?"

Peope looked back at Shirone with sad eyes.

She actually wished he wouldn't go to Arabot.

If he decides to fight against heaven until the end, Peope will have to make a decision too, and in any sense, only tragedy will remain.

"Okay. Follow me."

Peope turned and flew toward where Shehakim had a pie-shaped apex.

Shirone and Flue also cast fly magic and followed behind him, and when they advanced about 10 kilometers.

"There it is! Chase it!"

A group of people jumped over the roof of Paradise on the ground and started chasing them.

They were Kergo people who had received eternal life and entered Shehakim.

"Execute the heresy!"

"Kiyayayayaya!"

Kergo people flocked from all directions with strange sounds.

Getting eternal life meant that they had been hunting countless heresies for Anke Ra since they were divine people in the first heaven.

Their power was different from that of other Kergo people who were wandering in hell at present.

"What do we do?"

"We can't shake them off once they get into our eyes. Their pursuit ability is amazing."

As soon as Shirone's words were finished, Kergo warriors soared into the sky as if they had received propulsion.

They were so skilled that they could freely manipulate gravity with sharp blows, and their strength was comparable to that of a giant who had finished drinking Ilhwa's alcohol.

"Scatter!"

Shirone, Flue, and Peope scattered in different directions to disperse the enemy's power.
```
[Translated block]


As soon as they came down to the ground, more and more believers occupied the alley and followed them.

-They put up a reward!

Peope's telepathy penetrated into Shirone's head.

At the point of gaining immortality, animalistic deprivation no longer existed.

All they wanted was high-dimensional desires such as honor, pleasure, pleasure, and power.

"Kkkk, if you catch them, you can become an executive of the Immortal Ten, right?"

As he heard the noisy sound popping out of the corner, one of the Kergo people pulled out a sword that glowed like a fireball reflected by the sun.

Murka, one of the Kergo warriors.

His body was as hot as a young man who had just reached puberty, and his burnt brown skin was slippery as if he had applied oil, but his actual age was 1,023 years old.

"If you become an executive of the Ten, you can access Utopia. I'm going to buy all the cool clothes I want there."

A Norr woman walked up next to Murka.

She had thin blonde hair braided and hung down, and wore a golden silk robe, which was the most valuable among the clothes of the believers.

Norr immortal Dayna.

Her breasts were elastic and developed, giving a beautiful curve to the robe, and her legs exposed by the side trim were smooth
[Translated block]


```text
'Fast! I can't perceive it!'

Shirone immediately opened his palm and activated the Diamond Armor.

The moment the robe wrapped around him at top speed, Murka's sword hit his side.

Kwaaaaang!

"Ugh!"

Shirone smashed through the wall and into the Paradise building.

The metal body of the mineral species Linger showed its hideous scars and shone silver.

He would have been chopped up if he was a little late.

Shirone tumbled like a flying squirrel and went deep into the building.

He dodged the photon cannon with only his physical abilities.

'Is this an immortal?'

Even if he was granted eternal time, there would be a clear limit to living things, but Schema's skill level had surpassed the human limit.

"Haha! Are you scared already? Nephilim are nothing special. They call this guy the light of the 73rd district. The citizens are really stupid."

Shirone's eyes sharpened.

Armand, who felt his master's nerves getting irritated, spread his tentacles like a peacock's feathers.

"Ho? Did you have such a skill?"

Murka had no tension at all.

The Schema that had been honed for a thousand years was perfect enough to cope with all variables.

If he was fast, he just had to see him slowly, if he was strong, he just had to avoid him, if he was durable, he just had to create a force that could destroy him.

Perfect control of the human body.

That was Murka's specialty, who was praised as the best warrior of Kergo.

As he heard a sound like an insect flapping its wings, Murka's eyes widened and his waist twisted.

Whooong!

The tentacles that swung with a gust of wind passed by Murka and shattered the wall.

A speed that far exceeded his expectations.

'What is this?'

As Murka twisted his waist in a strange posture and looked at Shirone, Shirone stuck his tentacles on the floor and flew up.

There was an indescribable resentment in his heart right now.

Because he was an inevitable human being, because he was a living being, he couldn't help but feel jealous of immortality.

'Let's go!'

Photon cannons were fired from all sides and four tentacles swept away the space to dodge.

"Hoo! Hoo!"

Murka adjusted his breathing as if he was not in a real battle but in a training exercise and avoided the attacks.

'He's definitely amazing.'

As time passed, Murka's eyes became more and more bright.

Did he ever face such a strong human in his thousand years of life?

From the moment he became immortal, humans transcended their human status and moved on to a higher level.

His current power was no less than that of fairies or giants.

'But I can see it. I'm stronger.'

He would become an executive of the Tenro Association and gain even more powerful power. What he needed for that was right in front of him.

"Then let's do it properly!"

Murka, who showed off his Kergo aggression for the first time in a long time, sprang out like an arrow and attacked Shirone.

Kakakakakakang!

At the same time, silver scars were engraved on Armand's robe, and shock waves made Shirone's bones ache.

'What a sturdy robe. I like that too.'

Murka pushed his sword under his armpit and spun around.

As gravity spread out in all directions, his body spun at 10 revolutions per second, and the sword flew in with a disc-like afterimage.

'Can you block this too?'

As the blade bit into Shirone's neck, an enormous binding force tied his feet.

"Kruk!"

As Shirone backed away, the sword cut through the air in vain, and Murka struggled not to fall down.

'What is this?'

A single eyeball from the sphere floating in Shirone's left air watched him.

Anti-Teze that bound even the fallen angel Icasa.

But Murka was different from Icasa.

This was also why he stayed in the third heaven Shehakim, which was higher than the fallen angel.

"You, what is this......"

He tried to move his body by mobilizing all of Schema's abilities, but every time he did so, a sharper binding force dug into his muscle fibers.
```

I hope this helps. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


It was impossible without the whole law that neutralized the target's behavior itself.

Shirone focused the photon cannon in front of her.

As Galto's magic amplification was added, a huge flash that grew with a bang rushed to blow away Murka's face.

Kwaaaaang!

At that moment, a barrier of air spread out in front of Murka and the photon cannon exploded.

"Huh!"

Shirone was thrown to the door by a very powerful atmospheric pressure that was not comparable to Gaold.

"Hohoho! Are you having trouble with this? You're getting old, Murka."

'Who is that woman?'

A woman with a cold impression and a seductive smile was floating one meter high and entering Paradise.
[Translated block]