
So, you're all guardians of this clan, right? How long have you been living here? And what do you think of the other clans? Are they friendly or hostile?
[Translated block]
Do you want me to continue translating more text? If so, please send me more Korean text. If not, please tell me what else you want me to do.
[Translated block]


No one mentioned anything about Shirone's origin, and Karop skillfully changed the subject.

"But you're a bit late this time. It used to rain once every 30 days on average, but it seems to be getting later lately."

No one knew why it rained in the world of apocalypse, where there was no sea, which could be inferred by looking at the sky fish alone.

It was just a matter of attributing this to Ra's miracle, as humans opened from the tree of life.

"The Guardian of the Sun is summoned by the Judge."

The guardians who entered the temple bowed down in front of the throne.

The slaves who had been serving the judge until now were nowhere to be seen, and Shirone alone greeted them with a stern look.

"You seem to have changed in a day. You must have been no ordinary person even in the ancient times."

The priest thought so, but Shirone said.

"From today on, I will actively govern as the leader of the flock. So the guardians will attend the morning assembly every day and report the results."

Karop said with a sorry expression.

"Haona flock is peaceful. And there is no need for you, the great incarnation of Ra, to bother yourself..."

Shirone cut off his words and asked.

"How many flocks are there in this city?"

As the guardians looked at each other, the priest stepped forward.

"It's not exact, but it's estimated to be about three."

"Estimate? You don't even know how many flocks there are in the same city?"

"The children of the sun only follow Ra's will. As long as there is Ra's incarnation on that side, we have no reason to interfere."

'It's similar to an ant society.'

Even if they are ants of the same species, what ultimately becomes the focus is not the species but the queen.

"Then contact them from now on. The guardians will find the nearest flock and tell them that this side's judge wants to negotiate."

Targang raised his head.

"I have no intention of disobeying your order, but... why do we have to do that?"

Meeting between sun and sun is surely awkward in apocalypse where control is everything.

But Shirone had a plan to change this world.

"I will propose an alliance. We can't stay in the flock forever. There are devices that can emit light outside. But there are too many risk factors to try right away. I'm going to do that with the flocks of the city."

Eckser said.

"You are our only light. We don't need any other light."

That might be true for the children of the sun.

But what about the ancients?

Including those who were brainwashed, countless people who were still sleeping in artificial hibernation devices would never be happy in this world.

"Can't you follow my order?"

The guardians quickly bowed their heads, realizing their mistake.

Personal questions were a luxury in front of the sun, the future of their race.

"I'm sorry. Who should we send? If you give us an order, we will complete our mission with our lives."

"It's dangerous outside the flock, so it's better to send as many as possible. Three guardians will take charge of the negotiation, and one will guide me."

The first order was reasonable, but the second was incomprehensible.

"Guide? Where do you mean?"

"From today on, I will investigate the city. The sun is up during the day, so it doesn't matter if I leave the flock."

The priest exclaimed in surprise.

"No! It's too dangerous! If anything happens to you, Judge, then the flock will... Ugh!"

Beveto flinched at Shirone's bulging eyes.

What he forgot was that this judge was not only good at handling light, but also had excellent combat skills.

'Well, he's not inferior to any of us guardians. What can I do about it.'

The guardians also looked embarrassed.

No matter how strong their combat power was, it was unprecedented for a judge who was a top priority for protection in a flock to go outside.

"I'll guide you!"

Yoga jumped up and broke the hesitant atmosphere.
[Translated block]
"Leave it to me! Whether it's the underground people or the mucus, I'll protect the magistrate in any situation!"

"Hmm."

Only then, looking at Shirone who had a satisfied expression, Yoga slightly raised the corners of his mouth.
[Translated block]