


[395] Capturing the High Ground (4)

Round 4 went to the Shirone team. The shotgun movement was a strategic weapon, and Iruki's cancellation blocked Suabi at the source.

The score so far was 3 to 1.

It was Shirone team's advantage, and unless there was any other variable, the current flow seemed to continue.

"Huh? Is it only round 4 now?"

The students came out of the third battlefield. Canis and Arin were also mixed in their crowd.

The opposing team was the Fermi team, and the result was 1 to 5 with the Fermi team winning.

It was a regrettable result for Canis and Arin, but if they insisted on their personality that hated cooperation with others, they had to accept this kind of evaluation.

Also, if Fermi team was the opponent, even if they formed the best team, they could not guarantee the result, so there was no sign of disappointment on their faces.

Fermi checked the score of Shirone team and Screamer team from a place where the side of the second battlefield was visible.

"Hmm, 3 to 1."

"Shirone team did better than expected. It looked like a close match from the beginning."

Fermi thought the same. But it was only a probabilistic problem, and there was always a possibility of other variables.

"Insight that creates variables. That's Shirone. If you get one more point, it's likely to end with this."

As he said that, Fermi looked at Screamer team.

'Of course, there's no way it will end like this.'

Fermi's mouth twisted evilly.

* * *

Round 4 was over, but Suabi was still looking at Iruki in Shirone team's camp.

'Merkodain Iruki...'

If it wasn't for cancellation, the top-class over power magic used by Servant Syndrome, there would have been no one who could frustrate her so much at the student level.

Iruki, who was leaning back, calmly accepted Suabi's gaze.

'She must be very upset.'

She didn't want to provoke her. Anyway, if you look at the calculation speed alone, everyone in the graduation class was under his feet.

To beat Servant, you need intuition, not calculation. And that too, top-notch intuition that can match Servant's level.

"Suabi, let's go."

Screamer's call made Suabi turn around.

A fire rose inside her. She knew there were many strong people in the graduation class and she also failed in last year's graduation test. But having her major itself neutralized was a completely different kind of misery.

Screamer gathered his teammates and said.

"Let's stick together. I'll break through the central line in the shortest distance. Pony also go offensive from now on. If we lose this round too, we have to see it as almost impossible to reverse."

If the score becomes 4 to 1, defeat is almost certain. Because Shirone team has Ataraxia who can definitely get one point.

"No. Pony keep refreshing me."

Suabi said as she took off her glasses.

"I'll do it right this time."

Screamer tilted his head.

He had known her for over a year, but this was the first time he saw her so determined, except for the graduation test.

'Hmm, she's totally pissed off?'

As a magician Screamer, it wasn't bad for him. He had no idea what cancellation's countermeasure was, but since Suabi said it was okay, it was better to trust her.

"Okay, let's think this round is over. I'll show you what I'm made of too."

As soon as round 5 started, Screamer team gathered on the central line except for Guard.

It was a rush and rush tactic with a high reversal rate.

The combat package went to Screamer and Iruki blinked his eyes and threw out an ethereal spirit zone.

'If it's cancellation anyway...'

Pupupupung! Pupupupupupung!

Then buff effects exploded one after another. Combat packages were going into everyone except Guard.

Iruki blinked his eyes in confusion, but Suabi clenched her teeth and glared at him.

'How about that? Can you do it now?'

The number of batteries reserved in her head was a whopping 137. That too in a situation where eight were being consumed per second.
[Translated block]


'Tiki-tiki-taka-toki tok-tok tiki-taka tak-tak tiki-tok tik-taka-toki-tok!'

Every time the unique rhythm hit his brain, the batteries in his head flew out in all directions.

"Hahaha! Good! This is it!"

The screamer, full of powerlessness, jumped into the center of the Siroene team without hesitation and hit all four of them. And he took a bold finishing pose like he did in round 1.

"Kiyaaaaaaa!"

The morale of the screamer team pierced the sky. As Suabi's will was felt, the wingers also started to take out their cards.

'Just cut off Siroene.'

Luman thought as he slowly raised his hands from his feet as if he was pulling up energy.

'Everyone hates me.'

But he didn't care.

For humans, harmony is nothing but a second-best option derived from the fear of distrust. If you can control it, other people's feelings don't matter.

'Yes, I am the best crowd controller (self-proclaimed).'

Luman's cheeks shook plumply and his eyes widened and his mouth curled up to his ears.

"I am the king of the battlefield!"

His secret weapon 'Spiral Hunter' revealed its identity.

Kurururururung!

The ground that was spinning in a spiral shape became muddy and pulled Siroene down. And it turned back into rock and bit his waist tightly and didn't let go.

"Now is the time!"

As the screamer rushed in, Suabi's concentration also soared to its highest level ever.

Numerous batteries in his head rushed like a gale.

It was a realm beyond calculation, intuition, and every time a battery hit a battery, his tongue flicked quickly.

'Tiki-taka-toki-taka-tiki-taka-tiki-taka-toki-taka-toki-toka-tiki-taka!'

Reserved batteries 372.

Iruki's mouth curled up slightly.

'I'm glad I came to the senior class.'

He never wanted to beat anyone in his life. But now he felt vaguely.

He hated losing even more.

'You're cool, Suabi.'

Many talents like stars claim their specialties.

'You must have practiced every day. To hold on to your drifting mind, biting your back of your hand every night, and so on.'

Iruki lowered his posture and clenched both fists. It was his own answer to Suabi's sincerity.

'This will shorten my life span, but...'

Since he came to magic school, he had fought a bloody battle with Nade in the rain six years ago, got excited by Canis's provocation in the corridor of the infirmary a year ago, and this was the third time.

Brain cells will be destroyed, but who cares? It was a matter of pride for Siroene's party beyond the confrontation.

'You'll be a good magician. But not now. There are only two people in the world who can stop me. One is Siroene, and the other is...'

A real spark flew from Iruki's pupil. It was a phenomenon that electricity was generated from the cerebral cortex and projected onto the retina.

'It's me, Merkodain Iruki!'

Data reaching 100 million lines per second soared like a dragon in the virtual image in Iruki's head.

When the amount of information that could handle all the events that occurred in the city at once was processed, the double spirit zone flew around tearing up the screamer team at an amazing speed and canceled all buffs.

"It doesn't make sense..."

Suabi was at a loss. It was an overwhelming calculation speed that even lost the will to fight.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwang!

Siroene, who destroyed the spiral hunter with rage, led his teammates and launched a counterattack.

The screamer team, who lost their buffs, quickly weakened and were pushed into defense.

"Haah, it's Milly after all."

Aider sighed.

The downside of Magician Killer Strategy is that there is no Plan B. If they lose this round, there will be no chance for a comeback.

Aider's face lost its excited spirit. He took out a black-and-white patterned chip and swallowed it down his throat.

'I don't care if it's annoying, what does it matter?'

As long as he can enjoy it, he can even give up graduation. No, he can't give up graduation. He has to become a magician and enjoy it more.

A battery was installed in his head. According to the dealer, it was an air-based advanced technique 'Ghost Movement'.
[Translated block]
The reason why magic could be cast without knowing the internal principle was a mechanism similar to Shirone's Ataraxia.

"Ah, ahhhhhh...."

Aider's eyelids fluttered.

The days he had endured wanting to taste humans. But now he didn't need to. His graduation was as good as confirmed once he made the deal.

"Hahahahaha!"

Aider threw off his mask and flew straight to Shirone's team camp. It was classified as a reverse position tactic, but there was no agreement with the Screamer team.

As his allies looked dumbfounded, the Shirone team intercepted him with their own magic.

The first thing to reach him was a photon cannon. But just before being shot down, Aider's movement twisted strangely. His trajectory shook like a willow branch and dodged all the photon cannons.

"Huh? Ghost movement?"

Dorothy's eyes sparkled as she watched from outside the battlefield.

It was not a magic that could be used at the student level. But Aider's movement could not be explained without an AT algorithm.

'Did he get attached to Fermi?'

It was hard to believe that he had learned it in just a few months. The AT algorithm that controls turbulence and automatically avoids the approach of objects was a challenge even for pros.

Nothing could stop Aider. He arrived at the hill and ran towards the flag.

But he broke everyone's expectations and aimed not for the flag but for Maya. Bang! A powerful kick turned Maya's chin and her body rolled down the hill.

"What...!"

Aider sat on Maya's stomach. His facial muscles spasmed with the thought of venting his suppressed desire for a year.

"Sis, it's gonna hurt a little. Can you bear it?"

Aider's fist hit Maya. A hollow laugh came out of his mouth.

He lost his reason when he saw her terrified expression.

"Uaaaaa! It's fun, I'm going crazy!"

His appearance of pounding with both hands like a gorilla was not human. His eyes showed whites, and saliva dripped from his open mouth.

It was such a ferocity that not only his teammates but also the students who watched outside after the match lost their words.

"You asked me a question in the game of truth courage."

Arin said.

"The ugliest person? I was puzzled at first. I can't distinguish the shape of things. I chose Luman at the time, but in fact, the most intense super-vision was Aider. A person who falls under 'evil' according to mental classification."

Canis just listened quietly.

"Only those who understand evil can act good. That is the law of good and evil. All that is in that kid's head is the desire to torment others from beginning to end."

Canis didn't think much of it. All humans in Radum were like Aider.

"I asked you because I wanted to test you. I acted a little more when you denied the truth."

"That's right. I thought I could use it as a card for trading. But today's super-vision was a bit more blatant. Maybe because he joined Fermi's organization."

"Your existence must have influenced him. He must have thought he couldn't act for a year now that a super-visioner has entered. Anyway, we lost one card we had."

Canis shrugged off his regret lightly.

He still had dozens of cards left. It was rather a good thing to know how much Arin's super-vision could pressure the graduation class.

"Maya!"

Shirone's eyes lit up with fire. She turned pale when she saw Maya being hit while covering her face and crouching.

"Hehehe! Does it hurt? How much does it hurt? Don't you get angry? You hate me to death, don't you?"

Aider swung his fist with his eyes loose.

He didn't care about the Shirone team running from all sides. He thought they couldn't hit him anyway with ghost movement.

Crack!

Then a blue electric flash flashed in front of Aider's eyes.

The AT algorithm kicked in belatedly and pushed his body more than 10 meters away. Nade's face scratching his nails remained on his retina. When he came to his senses, he was already down the hill.
[Translated block]


The fear mixed with the ecstasy on Aider's face.

'What? What did I just see?'

He felt like he saw Nade's face, but he couldn't tell what it was. He belatedly realized that one of his legs was shaking like a dog's.

'Am I scared? Me?'

Nade, who arrived first, blocked Maya. His face, which had swung his hand with the intention of killing, was shattered by fragments and only remained in parts before seeping in.

"Screamer, flag."

"Ah...."

Screamer came to his senses at Pony's words and hurriedly ran and pulled out the flag. No one cared.

Shirone approached Maya. Seeing her still crouching and trembling, his pride collapsed.

"Maya...."

Maya is not a person who suits a magician. Her talent to enter the Spirit Zone should be used elsewhere. She was an artist who moved people's hearts and a genius singer.

"Maya, get up."

Shirone said in a cold voice.

Maya has a family to support and a tribal honor to protect. If she collapses here, she will never be able to cross the threshold of a magician.

"Get up. We're still in the evaluation. If you're disqualified here, we'll all lose 20 points."

Maya's shoulders twitched.

That damn 20 points. But everyone in the graduating class is risking their lives for that 20 points.

'I'm... too scared, Shirone. Everyone here, their coldness is too scary.'

She wanted to give up. She endured for the tribe and fought for her family, but she realized it when she saw Aider's eyes.

This was not where she belonged.

'Shirone....'

Maya slowly got up.

She had fallen in love with Shirone. She wanted him more than a magician's license. Everyone in the graduating class would laugh at her, but Maya was that kind of girl.

"I'm fine.... I can fight more."

As Maya tried to hold back her tears somehow, Shirone felt tears welling up in his eyes instead.

He looked back at Aider, who was chirping in the enemy camp. A frightening rage rose in his eyes.
[Translated block]