


"Lord of Destruction (4)

* * *

"It's a story I've heard."

The number of people Woo O-rin met exceeded the number of criminals, so Gando didn't bother to ask who it was.

"Humans have five senses."

Woo O-rin drew a table with two index fingers.

"For example, it's like a card game. You define various rules by combining five cards. Of course, depending on the creature, the number of cards is different, and which cards you have are different."

"The rules defining it will also change."

"That's right. The problem starts here. Defining the rules means, you know, it means starting a game."

Woo O-rin tapped his head.

"From the moment the game starts, the pattern of combinations accumulates endlessly. Then you realize. There is one more card that you cannot have outside of the five cards you have."

Time.

"The experience received by the five senses is integrated into one sense, the common sense, and stored in memory. This common sense accumulates at a speed called time."

Time is also felt through the five senses.

"But sometimes you feel time differently. It seems like something is going to happen, and it really does."

"The accumulation time of the senses has changed."

Woo O-rin nodded his head.

"We already exist in all time zones. It's just that because it's a sensory existence, we only feel the moment when the common sense accumulates as reality. But some beings accumulate senses faster than humans."

A typical example was an angel.

"In terms of our standards, it feels like the time of reality has exploded and expanded."

The sixth sense that creatures can reach.

"This is called a time bomb. Shironne, who has the incarnation of a light angel, feels a bigger present than we feel."

"......It's not human-like."

"That's how Shironne got a new card in his hand."

The rules change.

"Senses are accurate things like objects. Shironne, who feels time as a sense, can feel all the spaces that exist at the same time, and realized a new world."

Gando looked out the window.

"Spiritual world."

"Even sensitive humans can sometimes feel it. It feels like someone is next to you, or strange eyes that you see through the door gap……. Of course, it's not at that level."

"If it's not accurate, it's not a sense."

Woo O-rin was satisfied.

"From time bomb to park, and then to Choeni Bardo, the 7th sense was perfectly integrated. At this point, Shironne senses the mind like an object."

Woo O-rin spread his arms.

"What's left is scalability. Shironne, who opened the immortal function, entered the 8th sense, the entrance, by opening the sense of super cognition. You can sense all the information in the world."

"It could have been irreversible."

"If Yahweh's spirit was not backed up. But in the end, he became a wizard of infinity."

"Is there anything left?"

"String."

Woo O-rin raised his index finger.

"Time bomb senses photons, and park senses quantum. The entrance senses light quantum."

He conquered space-time, non-entity, and information in order.

"Information is a signal with a unique personality. Then how is that signal made?"

Her index finger bent.

"A specific shape. All the information in this world is made up of an infinite combination of shapes made by vibrations."

Shape is everything.

"To put it simply, all the events that happen in this vast universe are once."

Woo O-rin, who bent his index finger, bounced it on his thumb.

"Things that happen due to the action of some force."

"Once......"

"That's right. To put it simply, someone was walking down the street and saw a tightly pulled string. So he just flicked it. That's the end."

Gando closed his mouth tightly.

"I don't know how hard it bounced. Depending on the intensity, the result of the universe will be infinitely divided, but anyway, the string vibrated and the amplitude of the vibration made the time, space, entity and non-entity, all the information combined into a specific shape, and this world we live in was created."
[Translated block]


Uorin looked up at the ceiling.

"In the amplitude of a single thread vibrating, we live depending on that power. It will stop someday, but that's a day unimaginably far away, even for me who has lived for an eternity. Not to mention when the amplitude will decrease. Of course, by then, this universe would have to end."

It was a scale unimaginable even for Gando.

"Vibration is everything. All information is vibrating in the process of endlessly repeating the poles."

"Then resonance is......"

"Yes."

Uorin looked back at Gando.

"The world that those who have realized superhumanity can explore is no longer fixed. It's just a world that fluctuates endlessly due to a single force. And the fact that eight senses are combined with the string is......"

She solemnly recited with her fan spread out.

"It means you can resonate with the vibrations of the world."

"......"

Gando bowed his head in an unknown awe, not understanding everything.

*	*	*

"Krrrrrrrr!"

Marduk, who was strangling Shiro's neck with both hands, grimaced at the rough vibration.

"What the hell are you?"

What was truly frightening was not the vibration, but the numerous vibrations felt through the vibration.

As if the whole world was shaking following Shiro's vibration, Marduk's vision also shook terribly up and down.

"Despicable Yahweh!"

When he twisted Shiro's neck hard, the afterimages created by the vibration began to suffer with different expressions.

"Uuuuuuuu!"

What Marduk realized through those expressions was that the number of afterimages exceeded ten thousand.

"What the hell is this!"

He wanted to break his neck right now, but Yahweh's light was neutralizing the devil's energy.

"Die! Die! Die!"

As his thick arm muscles swelled to the point of explosion, Shiro's vibration became more severe.

It seemed like there were tens of thousands of Shiros, and screams leaked out from the overlap of all sorts of expressions.

It was a sound that could not be heard even in hell.

"Huuuuuuuu."

In front of that cosmic phenomenon, Marduk felt fear of the unknown for the first time in his life.

Shiro, who is shedding tears of blood, Shiro who is screaming, Shiro who is shouting for help.

"......Are you mocking me?"

He saw Shiro sticking out his tongue and laughing, Shiro in ecstasy, Shiro bursting into laughter among those afterimages.

"How dare you mock the legion commander!"

At the moment when Marduk, who had brought up the energy of destruction, chose to die together with the determination to exhaust his life, Shiro's eyes bulged.

'Resonance!'

Shiro, who was integrated into one Shiro, spread Yahweh's light in the Spirit Zone with a diameter of 40 kilometers.

"Kaaaaaaaaa!"

The remaining demons, who were nothing but infected, turned into ashes and screamed horribly.

"Warm......"

Minerva, who was closing her eyes and biting a pipe, slightly raised the corners of her mouth.

"Hey, Yahweh! Yahweh!"

As Marduk's scream pierced his eardrums, the feeling of strangling his neck completely disappeared.
[Translated block]


As Shiro slowly opened his eyes, Marduk, whose limbs had melted, was kneeling and gritting his teeth.

"You, how evil are you?"

The fact that he could withstand the light of Yahweh meant that the magic of the legionnaire was comparable to Satan.

"Don't think it's over."

Marduk raised his head.

"There are plenty of ways to torment you. Repent, Yahweh. Realize your foolishness and follow the path of the devil!"

Marduk's body began to turn black and reveal its original form as a demon.

His beautiful appearance was nothing more than a body lumped together with magic, and a shadow of a terrifying form rushed at Shiro.

"I will destroy you."

The grinding sound of beetles replaced the vocal cords.

"Ataraxia."

As the sphere of Ataraxia wrapped around Shiro's body, light exploded explosively.

Dragon Slayer Magic Quasar.

Numerous lights flew in from all directions, drawing parabolas and trapping Marduk in a huge sphere of light.

"Kuaaaaaa!"

Like dropping ink into water, but a silhouette of a much more disgusting form was squirming.

"I will not forgive! Satan, please... Yahweh...."

The sound disappeared as the magic disappeared, and when the light of the Quasar disappeared, not a speck of dust remained.

"It's over."

When he turned around, Minerva was approaching.

"No. It's just the beginning."

As Shiro looked at the sunset beyond the horizon, Minerva punched him in the head.

"Ouch! Why did you hit me?"

"You're not cool at all? Did you think I would look at you with a touched look when you turned around like that?"

"No?"

Minerva hit him with a stick.

"Anyway, you've realized it now. Get rid of the obsession to protect everyone. It's good to move while considering efficiency."

Shiro rubbed his sore head and said.

"But it's something I have to do."

"Even after all this...!"

"But, if I can't protect it, I can't help it."

The fierce spirit in Minerva's eyes disappeared.

'He started to put himself in the whole.'

What can't be done is what can't be done.

'That's the true perfection.'

And the highest efficiency for perfection.

"I'm not afraid now. I'm just going to do my best to do what I can."

Minerva's will to follow Shiro's perfection if she destroyed the delusion was also valid.

"Okay. Then shall we seal the altar? Report to Tae Sung and let's fly to Kashan right away."

There was no end to the agenda entrusted to the stars, and Minerva soared into the sky on a jet.

Now that he could catch up with her, Shiro stayed in his seat for a moment to sort out his thoughts.

'A new sensation. This must be the ninth.'

He didn't know that the ninth sense was called resonance, but he had heard about the tenth sense.

'Mute.'

And now he had a vague idea of what world that sense was hidden in.

'Manipulate all the information of the world. And theoretically if this is possible....'

Reset, you can reset the world.

'The sense of Anke Ra.'

If there was a master in this world, it was definitely the authority of the administrator, and it was doubtful whether even Shiro could reach here.

The reason why Shiro, a human, could gain the sixth sense was because he inherited the sense of the archangel.

'Ikael.'

And the reason why he could rise to the ninth sense was because Ultima, the end of the senses, led him.

'Gepin.'

Ikael pushed and Gepin pulled.

'Even though I made it human....'

In a situation where the last one sense was left, Shiro remembered them and felt a terrible longing.
[Translated block]