


[378] Volume 16 - Entering the Competitive System (2)

The students' reactions were varied. Especially Class Three, who didn't even understand what was going on.

"Shirone wins. Shirone gets 3 points. Dorothy gets 0 points."

Even with the evaluator's firm tone, Dorothy nodded as if she accepted it and returned to her seat.

She knew that there weren't many people in the graduating class who could compete with Shirone in a one-on-one battle. That was the conclusion Dorothy came to after watching the two thousandth battle between Dante and Shirone half a year ago.

She might be able to hold out for about 10 minutes if she did her best, but it was foolish to give up something bigger for just one point.

Manipulation mage.

Especially for those who manipulate real objects like Dorothy, losing their manipulated objects is equivalent to losing 80 percent of their power.

'I can't spend a week repairing dolls.'

If she fought Shirone, who fired photons with mass at an enormous rate, for 10 minutes, her dolls would turn into scrap metal.

It was best to make this decision now, since there was another one-on-one battle next week anyway.

Shirone came down from the training ground with a dazed feeling. She had gained 3 points, but she was still dizzy.

Iruki and Nade approached with curious expressions.

"What's up? What happened?"

"Well, you know..."

Shirone spilled out the proposal Dorothy had made before the start.

Her friends couldn't help but be dumbfounded. No, they hadn't even thought that there was a possibility of gaining points in this way.

Nade quickly scanned the schedule.

"When do I do Dorothy?"

Iruki's palm struck Nade's back of the head.

"Ow! Why hit me? I was just joking..."

"I read 10 percent sincerity in your voice. Anyway, Dorothy won't use the same strategy. It must have been a conclusion she came up with based on Shirone's personality and the situation of dating Amy."

Shirone looked back at Dorothy. She was still sitting alone with an unreadable expression.

"She seemed to want to use the information she got from the Truth of Courage. That's why I refused too. She must have guessed my inclination."

"She's pretty calculating for someone who looks blunt. The others must be the same. They're showing their true colors now that they're in real combat."

Nade rubbed his back of the head and made a sullen face.

"Isn't she just weird? I don't get it at all. You're not biased because you got confessed to, are you?"

Iruki raised his eyebrows.

He was the one who heard Dorothy say she loved him in the Truth of Courage. Of course, it wasn't worth paying attention to such a light-hearted remark, but it was also true that it was the first time he had ever received a confession from a girl.

"Enough with the nonsense, and just know that Class Two and above are pretty tough. We have to be on guard too."

Nade didn't take his suspicious gaze off him.

"You look biased..."

Iruki changed the subject.

"Anyway, it's your turn next. Your opponent is Fermi. Do you have any strategy in mind?"

Nade also tensed up as his turn approached.

"Well, I guess I'll just do what I usually do for now. If something else comes up, I'll shift gears or something."

"You don't have to push yourself too hard. It's only the first week anyway. And Fermi is bound to go ahead this year anyway. In other words, today's points are not that important to you."

If Fermi became the first in the graduating class anyway, winning or losing wouldn't make much of a relative loss.

But Nade had a different idea.

He wanted to be the best rival for Shirone and Iruki, who were expected to be in the top ranks even in this evaluation.

"I know that. But if I can make Fermi show his skills, it will be easier for you guys to come up with strategies when you fight him. I'll try to win first, and even if it ends up in a draw, I'll at least figure out how much he can do."

Another battle ended in the two thousandth training ground, and the evaluator called out Nade and Fermi's names.
[Translated block]


Nade raised his thumb and headed to the training ground.

As soon as he arrived at the center of the training ground, Fermi walked leisurely, enjoying the scenery around him. He looked like an office worker taking a walk after lunch.

Feeling ignored, Nade glared at Fermi with cold eyes.

On the other hand, Fermi's smile was the same.

"Wow, your eyes are fierce. Let's take it easy, junior. It's the first day."

Nade didn't even snort.

He had a debt to pay him, regardless of whether he colluded in the graduation exam or not.

Last year, Shirone was trapped in the space-time of the maze and fell into a coma.

The person who led the student council to admit Shirone's death and proceed with the funeral process was Fermi.

'Do you know how annoyed I was because of you? You can only afford to relax now.'

The two exchanged glances and backed away. Fermi turned first, followed by Nade.

As they shook their arms and legs to loosen their bodies, the scoreboard changed from green to yellow to red.

As soon as the 2000 system was activated, Nade jumped out with lightning in both hands.

'I'll tear you apart for 10 minutes!'

Three minutes later.

"Fermi wins! Score 3 points. Nade 0 points."

Fermi cooled his face with a hand fan and said.

"Phew, that was close."

Contrary to his words, his face was not sweaty at all as he descended from the 2000 training ground.

Nade knelt in the center of the 2000 training ground like a broken doll.

Thanks to his sync rate of 80 percent, he didn't lose consciousness from the shock, but he seemed to have suffered a lot of psychological damage.

Nade's eyes were dull as he looked at the ground.

He didn't show any signs of moving for a long time, so Shirone and Iruki rushed over.

"Hey, Nade, are you okay? Snap out of it."

"He's totally out of it. Let's just take him with us."

The two grabbed Nade's arms and dragged him out of the 2000 training ground like a sack of potatoes.

As the students burst into laughter, Amy sighed and shook her head.

'Oh boy, those fools......'

She understood Nade's feelings, even though he made a fool of himself.

The battle between them seemed fierce at first glance, but Fermi's mental gauge never dropped below 90 percent. It meant that he hardly allowed any effective hits.

In fact, Fermi used only 36 standard magic spells to drive Nade into a groggy state without using any special major magic.

Like getting wet in a drizzle, Nade couldn't pinpoint what he had been hit by.

Shirone shook Nade worriedly.

"Nade, snap out of it. Are you okay?"

As if nothing had happened, Nade got up normally.

"Of course I'm okay. Do you think I'll fall for this?"

Iruki asked.

"What happened? You said you'd last at least 10 minutes."

Shirone couldn't hide his disappointment.

"Didn't you respond too weakly? You should have pushed him a little more. Then you would have landed some effective hits."

Nade turned his head without answering. And he stared intently at Fermi's back as he walked away from the training ground.

"Shirone, be careful."

"Huh?"

"That guy... he's really strong."

Shirone sighed softly.

He wished Nade had pushed him a little more. It was a match that had a chance of winning.

He couldn't help but see it as complacency.

"Of course he is. He beat you."

Nade's eyes flared up with anger.

"I'm serious! Do I look like I just lost?"

"I got it. Anyway, don't worry too much about one loss. There's no second match with the same opponent anyway. You should forget it quickly and do well in tomorrow's evaluation."

Iruki understood Shirone's feelings.

He also felt sorry that Nade didn't push him more aggressively in the battle.
[Translated block]
But Nade... didn't do that.

'How strange. This guy is calling someone strong.'

It was the first time I heard him say that in the six years I've known him.

But if Nade says so, I need to be on guard. He has a beast's sense of smell when it comes to combat.

'I didn't feel it. In the end, is it outside my cognitive range?'

If he could completely hide his skills in front of the entire graduating class, that was the only possibility.

Anyway, since there was no way to know Nade's past, Shiroe was just heartbroken by his friend's defeat.

Nade's loss should not affect Eruki's victory or defeat, so he quickly changed the atmosphere.

"Eruki, don't be careless either. Binder hasn't shown his true colors yet, but unexpected setbacks are always from that side."

Eruki was always as he was, my pace.

"I don't have carelessness in my dictionary. I'll finish it in three minutes."

'That's carelessness....'

Shiroe's thoughts did not reach Eruki, who had already left his seat.

Eruki faced Binder in the center of the two thousandth.

As befitting his personality, who hated formalities, he locked eyes for a moment and then turned away and walked away.

"Eruki, it's an honor to meet you like this."

Binder spoke to Eruki's back.

It wasn't just words, his eyes were shining and his mouth was curling up in a mocking smile.

"Honor?"

"The son of Merkodain Albino, the leader of the Dragon Trust."

Eruki turned around completely with a heavy load on his back.

"That person sometimes comes to our house. But what does that have to do with anything?"

Binder pointed at himself.

"Do you know what my advanced class theory score is? It's 100 points. It's one of the best records in the history of Alpheus Magic School. And no one can break my record. Why? Because it's 100 points."

Eruki scratched his head hard.

"So what are you trying to say?"

"I'm going to join the Dragon Trust. No, someday I'll definitely become the leader of the Dragon Trust."

The leader of the Dragon Trust is a position that the Merkodain family has monopolized for 300 years.

As such, the family had also designated Eruki as the next leader of the Dragon Trust.

Binder had officially challenged not Eruki but the Merkodain family.

"Listen up, Eruki. The kingdom's best intellect is not you, but me, Binder."

Eruki, who had been lost in thought, took big strides.

Binder, who had been full of confidence, flinched and backed away as his opponent approached without warning.

"What, what? The duel is after the two thousandth starts...."

Eruki quickly reached out with both hands and grabbed Binder's arms tightly.

"Please."

"......What?"

"Please do that for me. I've heard it since I was born and I'm sick of it now. You're going to pull down my father and become the leader of the Dragon Trust. I'm rooting for you. Fighting."

Binder blankly stared at Eruki's back as he turned and walked away.

Then his eyes turned into flames of anger.

'What? You've heard it since you were born? You're sick of it? Do you even know how many scholars have shed blood and sweat trying to cross the threshold of the Dragon Trust?'

Binder's fists trembled.

He didn't like showing his full power from week one, but Eruki was different. He was determined to smash his future rival for sure.

Binder closed the distance with teleportation as soon as the two thousandth lit up.

The genius with a 100-point theory test could use all basic magic with near-perfection.

Fireball, wind cutter, ice spear. The three-set alternated and crossed each other.

Eruki pushed back by the relentless attack widened the distance and activated a bumblet barrier.

Hundreds of small bombs spread out a spherical shield. The magic hit the bombs and exploded one after another.

"Hmph! I've already analyzed that!"

Binder pointed his index finger and fired air gun, which could be called a basic of press magic.
[Translated block]


For Shirone, it was a cold-hearted magic, but it was much weaker than that of the Goa'uld.

However, the accuracy was decent.

As the magic flew through the dense arrangement of the Bumblet Barrier, Iruki flew up with teleportation.

He stayed in the air by converting to fly magic, and Binder glowed his eyes and reached out with both hands.

"I knew it!"

A fiery sphere of fire coalesced between his palms.

'Did you think only the battery was perfect? There's a limit to how much you can look down on people!'

Flame Strike's flames flared up in Binder's hand.

It was a level that was difficult to use unless it was a fire major, but Binder's perfect battery surpassed the low-level fusion magic with ease.

"This is the end!"

Binder, who was confident, even took a magical action to stretch out his hand and cast a desperate magic.

"Huh?"

But the fireball that should have popped out like a bullet just went out in front of him.

'No way... Cancellation?'

He felt a chill down his neck.
[Translated block]