


[755] Doctrine of Evil (2)

* * *

The sanctuary was in the worst situation.

Even after Gustav Habits, 17, declared war on the world and left the presidency, the representatives of each country were silent.

'Really war?'

Even though they are at the pinnacle of power, the reason their hearts are beating is because the opponent is the worst tyrant in human history.

President Basari of the Republic of Kotoria, the host country of the Holy War, opened his mouth with a pale face.

"Do I have to believe this? So, at this moment, you mean that World War has broken out."

If Habits sends out troops, the first target was the Republic of Kotoria, which is closest to Gustav.

"It's impossible to analyze Habits' thoughts. But if he is faithful to his desires, it might be true."

Even if it was a representative of the same Holy War, Uorin's words were special, and President Basari's face turned into a crying face.

"Why? Isn't it a war that can't be won? The Holy War will be hit, but Gustav will be destroyed."

King Casartak of the Kingdom of Paras spoke.

"The winning rate of the Gustav Empire calculated in our country was below 10% on the premise of giving up Valkyrie. If it's just a madman, even if he starts a war, it's enough to step on it."

"He's not crazy."

Everyone in the Holy War looked back at Uorin.

"Of course, the probability of Gustav winning the war is extremely low. But if you assume some situation, it's over 90%."

Emperor Jingang of the Jincheon Empire asked.

"What is that?"

"The probability that the world will be messed up."

The pupils of the representatives of each country shook.

"What Habits is thinking about is not just a war. If the Gustav Empire raises an army and extends to the continent, to the east, to the south, it will be difficult to keep the spirit. Eventually, the demons will break through the barricade and jump out into the world...."

From then on, it's chaos.

"He's trying to drive into an unpredictable situation."

Uorin nodded.

"Habits moves instinctively, but the 4th generation of Gustav will probably already have a picture in his head. If the situation becomes meaningless, it's worth trying. In addition, in such a situation, Habits' abnormal thinking will be a powerful weapon."

If the war is about consuming all available things, Gustav's strategy to use the world was excellent.

'Habits 17 years old. He's a scary man. It's more annoying because it's not something I thought and judged. I'm just feeling it.'

If you really believe it, the fact that the world has to revolve around you.

"Is this the end of the human story?"

The first dragon, Blitz, stood up from his seat.

"As a member of the Holy War, I've heard enough to keep up with the formality. From now on, I will convey our dragon's agenda."

It was a very arrogant tone, but no one was offended because Blitz had the right to do so.

'The brain dragon of the 12 apostles who keep time. Even among them, it is said to be the strongest in combat power.'

It was the first time that he attended the Holy War as a representative of the dragon race, so the representatives also pricked up their ears.

"From today, the dragon race will withdraw from the Holy War."

"......"

Anyone can withdraw if they pay the price like Gustav, but silence leaked from the presidency.

"Can I ask why?"

It was not yet time to tell humans.

"The reason why the dragon race joined the Holy War is to protect time from Anke Ra's reset. And now Ra's will has been passed on to Nane, and now it's time to close time. We have to block the ball before evil."

As the direction of love and ball was newly created, it was no longer possible to define the world with the dichotomy of good and evil.

'It's going to be like this in the end.'

Nane, who has to leave for the real place, and Shirone, who is the only real place where we throw our hearts now.

'This is just the beginning. In the future, many people will redefine themselves according to the compass of the law.'

There will be countries that follow the Gustav Empire, and this is no exception even if it is a country of the Holy War.
[Translated block]


Enoch, the representative of the fairy tribe, asked.

"Are you leaving the temple? Then what should we do?"

"Why are you asking me? You're the representative of the fairy tribe. If you want to stick with humans, do so."

It was a tone of 'do as you please', but he couldn't hide the nuance that he didn't like getting involved in human affairs.

"Hmm."

Among the representatives of the Seven Kings who watched with stern faces, only Uorin was certain.

'He will stay in the temple.'

The fairies of heaven and the fairies of the human world are distinguished by the names Fairy and Elf.

Elves have as strong a spirit as fairies and, above all, a body close to humans.

'The realm of magic is incomparable to humans.'

It is presumed to be a combination of the fairies of heaven and the Noreen, which meant that there was a terrible experiment in the distant past.

"I'll stay in the temple. If a war breaks out, many lives will die, so of course the fairy tribe should help."

Uorin was creepy.

'What kind of race can sacrifice their lives for a weaker race?'

If this was also good, it was too 'artificial' good.

"Representative of the fairies, it seems that everyone's heart is warming up with your choice."

Enoch stuck out his tongue, blushing.

"Hehe, I was praised. Don't worry. Fairies have been helping humans since ancient times. It's different from the noble dragon tribe."

"Hmph."

Blitz, who turned around coldly, flew into the sky by changing his body before he even left the door.

When he disappeared through the ceiling, thick stones fell where the round table was.

"......The worst temple."

* * *

Shirone put the short sword in her arms.

'I can't reconstruct this.'

The reason why Material can theoretically make any object is because it creates matter.

However, because the meaning of <Law Killing> is not in the matter but in the spirit contained therein, imitation was impossible.

'It's just making a short sword of the same shape.'

For example, even if Shirone combines organic matter to make a human body, it is the same principle that she cannot put life into it.

When Berdi calmed down, Mom got up.

"I have to clean up the house."

Looking at the corpse was a terrible thing for her too, but if she was careless, the whole family could be killed.

"I'll wash the rag. First the blood......"

"It's no use, Mom."

Berdi shook his head.

"Everyone will notice anyway. The house to collect money is fixed. If you don't run away now, you'll be caught."

Even if she explained <Law Killing>, she wouldn't believe it.

Therefore, more fearful than the death penalty was the torture that was persistently inflicted in order to find out the truth.

"Don't worry."

Shirone approached Berdi and Mom.

"<Law Killing> is gone, but I'll protect you. So let's work out a way together. How would you like it?"

Berdi showed a hopeful expression for a moment, but soon despair was contained in her eyes.

"Don't lie. Why would a strong person like you help us? After all, Mom and I are useless."

He knew why he came here was <Law Killing>, not himself.

"I know you're going to leave. There's no time, I think I've done enough, I'm getting bored......"

The child who grew up in a harsh environment seemed to know more than the adults in a peaceful world.

"I won't leave."

Shirone stroked Berdi with a pitiful expression.

"I will never leave until the means to threaten you and your family are completely gone. I promise."

If love is not being able to kill someone to save someone, Shirone had to deal with the matter here.

"Really...... Will you protect me?"

The fate of having to protect everyone was painful, but the fact that she didn't have to leave her right now was happy.

"Of course. I will never get bored. You are the most valuable person in the world. I will do my best to protect you."
[Translated block]


Throughout their lives, in front of words and emotions they had never heard before, Verdi and her mother shed tears.

"Thank you. Thank you."

Because there was no time, Sironne regained her composure and looked back at her mother.

"Is this all your family? What about your husband……."

"No. My husband is currently in labor. He works at a military facility for about a month and then comes back."

A shadow fell on the mother's face.

"He doesn't say what he's doing, no matter how much I ask. If he finds out, he says the whole family will be slaughtered. But……."

"But?"

"It doesn't seem like a normal job. When he comes home, he doesn't eat for three days and just sleeps…… He seems to have a strange sleep talk. It seems like he's having a nightmare."

"What does he say?"

It seemed embarrassing to bring it up, but the mother eventually confessed obediently.

"I won't give birth to a monster's child."

"Excuse me, but your husband……."

"Yes, of course he's a man. He's Verdi's biological father. But it's strange that he has such a dream. When I asked him in the morning, he threw things and got angry. He's not the type to get angry at his family."

There were a few things that could be guessed, but it was not a story to be brought up in front of Verdi and her mother.

"Okay. Let's go find your husband first."

Leaving the soldiers' bodies behind, Sironne took Verdi and her mother outside.

Even if he wore a hood, he would be suspected immediately, so he bypassed the mountain and entered the military facility.

'Really strict.'

Sironne, who had experienced several countries while sealing the altar, was the first place to be so strict.

"Is it really okay to follow?"

Verdi and her mother, who were stuck behind Sironne, were so nervous that it was hard to breathe.

"I don't know my husband's face. If you see a familiar face, even if it's not your husband, please tell me."

As they passed about seven buildings avoiding the ironclad guard, Verdi's mother pointed to the front.

"There, it's Mr. Albas."

A man who could be called a corpse with dead eyes was dragging a cart that smelled of rotten food.

"Albas? How did you get here……."

He put down the handle of the cart and quickly ran to her, looking around and grabbing her shoulder.

"Are you crazy? Where do you think this is? Go home quickly!"

"What about my husband? Haven't you seen our husband?"

Only then did Albas notice the stranger holding Verdi and her mother's hand.

"You're going crazy. Did you come to save him?"

"Yes. This person will protect us. Mr. Albas, let's get out of here together."

Albas hung his head with a gloomy face.

"Give up. I don't know who this guy is, but Basetho can't go back now. Just raise Verdi well. Tell my family the same."

"He can't go back! You mean my husband……!"

Sironne cut off the conversation.

"What are you doing here?"

He must have lived by blocking something called thought in order to survive here.

Albas, who was choosing words to answer, finally realized what he was doing and turned pale.

"I don't know. I don't know."

Albas covered his face and sobbed.

"There's a devil living here."
[Translated block]