


'Winter of that year (2)

'If it's Yahweh, it's possible to reverse the world wheel. But...

If you're already trapped in a balanced prison, it should have been normal to be completely isolated.

'Not an error?'

A being free from the law, even the Terraphos that protects the law could not define him.

'It's not just about Yahweh's strength.'

What this incident tells Amantha is that perhaps this world is not just a space 'to live'.

In other words, it means that there may be a specific intention for some being who designed this world.

"Why does Hexa exist?"

Shirone couldn't answer that question.

"Anyway, good."

When Amantha reached out, the wheel buried in the snow came back with a cold wind sound.

Tiririririri!

The law that turns again.

"Even if the law acknowledges altruism, your act does not change the fact that it causes massive murder."

Minerva said.

"I can't leave the evil alone. If evil dyes the world, Terraphos destroys that civilization, right?"

"That's why I want to stop it."

Amantha stopped the world wheel.

"There is no Buddha at present. If even altruism fails to destroy evil, this world will be extremely dyed with evil."

As a result, Shirone's altruism causes many casualties in the world.

"Just kill the evil."

"Even if we have a full-scale war with the Ivory Tower and Gustav right now, it's a difficult war. Is it possible with the 'Law Kill'? If I turn the world wheel, both good and evil will calm down to some extent."

Assuming that Buddha and Yahweh are absent, Amantha can drop the numbers of good and evil to the current 30% level.

Then the world will be livable.

"Surely there is a way to weaken both sides and postpone destruction. But that is also the extreme of the center."

Amantha looked back at Shirone.

"If you think Yahweh can handle it, I will fight you whenever you break the balance."

"I might not be able to handle it." Shirone was firm.

"But I will handle it."

Amantha slowly bowed his head, but he knew it was meaningless to say more.

"Don't expect human emotions from me. I am the one who realized the center of the world. I just maintain balance." The world wheel quickly rotated in his hand, sucking Amantha's body and disappearing.

Shirone sighed.

"Whew, I really thought I was trapped and was scared."

Minerva, looking at the place where Amantha disappeared, approached Shirone.

"He's not an easy opponent. Only the center of rotation is intact in the world wheel. If inertia is biased in any way, Amantha will cut off the protruding part."

"Even if it's good."

Minerva nodded her head.

"That's the center. Because you know that a sloppy line promotes evil."

That was the philosophy of the Balance Party.

"Whatever Amantha thinks, we do our job. We've also recovered the 'Law Kill', so let's go back."

A sloppy line promotes evil.

'Am I sloppy?'

If the day comes when Yahweh can't handle it as Amantha says...

"Yes, let's go."

Even though Shirone, who had reached the top of the world, had more questions about the pole as he climbed.

It snowed heavily once every three days.

"Advance! It's an advance!"

All the soldiers except for 70% of the Gustav Empire's military power fighting the Holy War advanced to the Cotria Republic.

The difference from usual is that this time they are thinking of occupying the Cotria Republic.

In line with Balkan's will, the 30% army was joined by the 1st Infantry Division, which could be called an elite.

"We have to break down the walls of Bashken, the capital of Cotria."

A man over 2 meters tall with black hair sticking out responded to Balkan's instructions.
[Translated block]


"I will definitely fall."

Commander 1, Agent Guy.

He, the older brother of Lian, was originally a 6th grade public prosecutor of Thormia, but he had something to realize through a long spy life.

'No need for various beliefs in a truly strong sword.'

He, who abandoned his homeland with a single-mindedness about the sword, settled in the Gustav Empire four years ago.

'The essence of the sword is just cutting.' Nickname is Berserker.

As a first-class swordsman recognized by Gustav and a commander of 600,000 troops, he was proving his sword.

Balkan understood Guy.

'Even if it's a family, there will be no mercy on the berserker's sword.'

I had no doubt that I would fall Bashuken.

While the Cotria Republic was fighting the last fortress, Kashan secretly moved Exmachina.

The location was a small village 84 kilometers away from Bashuken, and the next day people playing card games arrived.

"Has the 'Law Shot' been properly delivered?"

Iruki answered.

"If it's Shiro, you won't make a mistake. You will be preparing to snipe from Haigang Hill."

Haigang was a low Guryongji, 142 kilometers away from Bashuken.

"It's the optimal location within the radius of Exmachina. Shiro and Minerva have agreed to help with the detailed work."

Ness said.

"The real game is from the moment the 'Law Shot' passes the 80-kilometer point. There should be no error of an inch."

"Although Habitz has advanced to overthrow the Cotria Republic, the defense is still strong."

Normally, it was impossible for the 'Law Shot' to penetrate numerous obstacles and hit Habitz's heart.

"The sniping time is 7 days 3 hours 31 minutes 28.463 seconds. This coordinate is the only gap we have found."

People playing card games nodded their heads.

"There's still time. Let's check until the end to see if we missed anything."

"More, more firepower! It's almost over! Can you see the scared look of the Cotria guys!"

At the peak of winter cold, the 1st Infantry Division of the Gustav Empire was just before the fall of the castle.

The Cotria Republic sent its national swordsmen to guide the daily weather, but Agent Guy was beheaded in 12 rounds.

"Monster!"

The figure of Guy, who was wearing iron armor heavier than his body and swinging a long sword, was like a demon.

20% of the 1,000 troops died at his hands, and eventually Cotria locked the castle gate tightly.

"Damn it! Why are you wasting time?" It was normal to flutter the white flag as soon as the war tilted here.

'Is there another trick?' It was even more strange because there was no report that Exmachina was activated from Balkan.

"It doesn't matter."

Guy sharpened his sword on the sea of corpses and turned his body towards the garrison.

"Just break through anything."

Although he abandoned everything for the sword, the temperament of the swordsman was still that of the Agent family.

The bureaucrats of the Gustav Empire, who had taken over the noble area of Bashuken, had no time to recover the spoils of war.

"Kyak! Please save me!"

Whether expensive items were broken or not, they were swept away in bundles, and young women became slaves on the spot.

Among the top nobles gathered in the square, Habitz and Abella appeared.

"You vicious guy! Do you think the world will go your way!"

The first-class nobleman glared and shouted, but was immediately turned into a skewer by the army's spear.

Abella's gaze looking at the spectacle was calm.

'This is my destiny.'

It is true that the thread in my head was cut off after receiving baptism from Habitz.

However, the reason why the heart's fluctuation was less even in this bloody scene was probably due to the experience of childhood.

"Abella."

Habitz gently wrapped Abella's shoulder.

"When you take over the castle, I will give you everything that comes out of this country."
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]


"Should we try to stop it a bit?"

Abella shook her head with a bitter smile.

"Who can stop that personality?"

The beggar on the noble's back swung his sword.

"From now on, women will wash my body. Men will get me suitable clothes! Understand?"

"......Yes, I understand."

It was the height of chaos.
[Translated block]