


[605] To Someone (3)

Liz asked.

"What?"

"Do you know who Oscar met?"

"Well, the director...."

"His daughter joined him. They were arm in arm, taking a walk, and then they went home. Are you sure there's nothing going on?"

If he said no, it would be a lie.

Even if he had become a public official, it was impossible for Oscar to get a special job at the association with his skills.

"You must be mistaken. The director's daughter might have just joined him, and he could have just escorted her."

Although that interpretation was possible from the circumstances, he was not so stupid as to not feel the subtle emotional line between men and women.

"I'm not lying. If you had seen it yourself, you would have believed me."

Liz was ashamed.

"Stop it. Why are you doing this? Nothing changes because you do this. You know that, right?"

"Why doesn't anything change? Oscar doesn't really love you!"

"Even so, it's my problem to solve! I don't want to hear such things from you! Don't mess up even the good memories!"

"Senior...."

What kind of school days Liz and Nade had was a secret known only to them, but now it was just a good memory.

"Please leave. It seems like a mistake to have met you. Even if Oscar has another woman...."

Liz, biting her lips, squeezed out her words desperately.

"I won't go to you."

Feeling like the sky was falling, Nade bowed her head and left Liz's room weakly.

* * *

"Mom! Mom!"

It was when Nade was eight years old.

The West family's fortune was declining, and they were attacked by the Chickenhead bandits on their way to the capital to get a loan.

The carriage was overturned, and the servants were captured by the bandits and brutally killed without exception.

Only Nade's mother, Teria, who was trying to run towards the standing carriage, was caught by the bandits.

"Where are you running to!"

The Chickenhead bandits were all half-crazy, and the one who attacked Teria stuck out his pierced tongue.

"You're a great beauty, aren't you? From now on, you're mine!"

"Ah!"

At the sound of Teria's insane scream, Nade rushed at the bandits without hesitation.

"Let go of my mom!"

"Hehehe. That's too bad, kid."

He thought it would be enough to deal with an eight-year-old child with one blow.

But the bandit who drew his sword found a blue electricity flying towards his vital point and opened his eyes wide.

"Ugh!"

When he was shocked and flew away, all the eyes of those at the scene of the massacre focused on the child.

"Magic? That little kid?"

The coachman who had been waiting in the carriage shouted.

"Get on quickly!"

The carriage had already started running, and Teria and Nade ran after it with all their might.

Teria got on first, and Nade, who was left behind by a hair's breadth, became the prey of the bandits.

"Mom! Mom!"

Looking at Nade, who was caught by the bandits, from inside the fast-moving carriage, Teria's face turned pale.

"Sto...!"

It was a voice that seemed to contain all the worldly desires of a human being.

"Stop! Stop!"

"We can't! Even if we go, there's no way to rescue him! At least someone has to survive and ask for help!"

"Mom!"

Nade's scream echoed in the mountains.

* * *

"Sigh."

On a cold morning dawn.

Sitting crouched on the roadside, looking up at the Dolphin Inn, a sigh mixed with breath came out of Nade's mouth.

There was no one passing by, and only the diligent birds were chirping in the distant forest.

"I knew this would happen."

Oscar was still not back.

He didn't know if he was wrapped around Liz because the story was long, but Nade, who had seen the scene of the incident himself, had all the circumstances drawn out.
[Translated block]


"Of course, it would have been a hard offer to refuse.

Knowing how fiercely magicians compete while attending magic school, how much they long for success.

If the head's daughter threw a flirt, he, a graduate of the scream gate, must have been shaken.

'I don't care about that.'

Because the most precious thing to anyone is another law.

'Don't you think about the wounds that senior Liz will receive?'

What made me angry was Oscar's response.

If success comes before love, then what is the engagement and why did Liz bring it here?

'There can only be one reason.'

When Nate's eyes became cold, he saw Oscar, who was tired of walking, coming from afar with a coat on.

He may not know what kind of groaning sound he will make in front of Liz, but there seemed to be no guilt in his brisk walk.

"You seem very busy. Going here and there."

Oscar, who turned his head at the sudden quarrel on the street, was surprised to see that it was Nate.

"What, you? Did you wait here all night?"

"You look happy. I guess the conversation with the director went well."

"What, what nonsense?"

At first, Oscar was flustered, but as a magician, he quickly judged the situation and soon anger appeared on his face.

"Don't tell me you followed me? I thought you weren't a thug. You're really disgusting, you."

"Let's talk for a moment."

Oscar snorted and turned his body.

"I don't know why, and I don't know what misunderstanding you have, but I just went to the director's house for a contract."

"If you're so confident, you can tell the truth, right?"

"Haha! To Liz? Do you think Liz will believe the words of a jealous guy like you?"

"No. To the press room."

Oscar's expression hardened.

"If what I saw is correct, you have committed a serious crime that disgraces the honor of the kingdom as a public magician. You entered the association with the favor of the daughter of the director and the scandal? What happens if this content is known?"

There is a morality that must be observed even by magicians who are inherently self-willed, but by the public who eat the country's salary.

"......What do you want?"

"So I'm saying, let's talk."

Oscar checked that there were no people around and moved his steps to Nate.

"Okay. Move to where you want."

When Nate, who touched Oscar's shoulder, cast a space move, the scenery changed with a roar and a flash of light.

It was a vacant lot in the forest on the outskirts of Creas City, and Oscar, who confirmed the geography, laughed scornfully.

"It's like a thug. Did you think I would be scared if you brought me here? Even if you look at the public... Cough!"

Nate's fist turned Oscar's chin.

"This guy!"

Oscar, who turned his head back, had a fire in his eyes, but Nate was no longer in that place.

Moving much faster than the nerves of a person can chase.

Nate, who was moving at a blink of an eye, did his best not to lose his reason.

'Kueuuuuu!'

However, when the emotions that had been suppressed for now were released, the terrifying murderous intent began to erode the spirit.

"Cough!"

Oscar, who was hit by a fist flying from an unexpected place, had no choice but to fall this time.

'Damn it! What the hell is this?'

Movement more blinking than teleportation.

It could be the flicker magic, which is the exclusive right of the unlocker, but if so, Liz would have said something.

"You cowardly bastard, don't play tricks and come out!"

"Who are you talking to?"

Oscar turned his head in the direction of the voice, but the fist that flew was in the opposite direction.

When a fist stuck in his cheek, Oscar's body spun around and fell to the ground without dignity.

All he felt was humiliation.

"Uaaaa!"

Oscar, who finally opened his eyes to the murderous intent, distanced himself with a teleport and then equipped a long-range fire magic in both hands.

"I'll kill you!"

He shouted loudly, but he was so frustrated that he couldn't see the target to vent his anger.

'Damn it! Where the hell are you?'

"Stop playing around and come out! You coward!"

"Who are you talking to?"

Oscar turned his head in the direction of the voice, but the fist that flew was in the opposite direction.

When a fist stuck in his cheek, Oscar's body spun around and fell to the ground without dignity.

All he felt was humiliation.

"Uaaaa!"

Oscar, who finally opened his eyes to the murderous intent, distanced himself with a teleport and then equipped a long-range fire magic in both hands.

"I'll kill you!"

He shouted loudly, but he was so frustrated that he couldn't see the target to vent his anger.

'Damn it! Where the hell are you?'"
[Translated block]


Even in the state where the Spirit Zone was eroding within a radius of several meters, Nade's presence was not detected.

'Is it farther away?'

Unexpectedly, Oscar rolled on the floor from a straight punch that flew from an unexpected place.

"Kuk!"

As he spat out saliva mixed with blood and lay down, a cat-like quiet footstep approached him.

"Get up."

Contrary to the words, what followed was a brutal beating, and Nade's foot began to trample on Oscar as if he was determined to kill.

"Kueuuuu!"

As he crouched and groaned, Nade, who slowly distanced himself, immediately ran and kicked his groin.

"Kuaak!"

Oscar writhed as he flipped over, and then Nade finally turned his head and took a breath.

"Get up."

It was a magical achievement to be able to control the phenomenon with just this degree of venting, but the mood was the worst ever.

"Get up. Please. Don't end it here."

"You, you son......!"

As Oscar pushed his limbs and lay down, Nade's foot kicked his chin.

"Kuaaaaak!"

"Get up."

In front of the impossible spell, Oscar, whose eyes went dark, writhed and crawled to lean his back against a tree stump.

"Just lose. If you want to lose, lose as much as you want."

There was no reason to fight an opponent who couldn't even see, so there was no need to gauge the difference in level.

"Is it your last pride? Try to struggle."

"Heh. You're just annoyed, right? Think of it as stepping on shit. Let it all out. And get out of my life."

"I can't do that. As you know, I'm a bully."

Oscar's already painful face crumpled even more.

"Why are you doing this? What do you want to do by ruining me? Isn't it good for you if I break up with Liz?"

"Beg. Go to her and beg. That you were out of your mind, that you won't do it from now on, beg until your hands and feet become."

Oscar was stunned for a moment.

"Innocent child. So what's left for you? Do you think that kind of naive love will work? What women want is sweet lies, not insignificant sincerity."

"That might be the case."

Nade, who sat down in front of Oscar, said.

"If I had been cool, if I hadn't been nagging, if I had abused that sweet lie you mentioned, maybe my senior could have come to me."

Nade's hand choked Oscar's neck.

"Kueuuuuk!"

"But you know, there are people who are so precious that they can only be treated with sincerity."

Oscar, whose breath was blocked, struggled with his limbs.

"Did you weigh her against success while she was so sweet that even her breath was sweet, and you felt like you were going to fly just by making eye contact? "

Nade's face twisted like a monster.

"Is there really no sense of responsibility in that sweet lie you mentioned, in the satisfaction of winning a woman's heart...?"

'This kid, he's out of his mind.'

Nade's eyes were filled with supernatural murderous intent that humans could not contain.

The thought that he could die here became a reality, and finally his thoughts began to find a way to escape.

'Yes, I'm a public official. This is self-defense.'

The opponent was a lawless man without a magician's license, and he was the one who was unilaterally beaten.

"I got it. I got it. I'll do as you say."

As Nade slowly backed away, Oscar, rubbing his sore throat, asked one last question.

"Do you really have to do this? It was a bet on my life too. Isn't it good for both of us to just end it like this?"

"That's for Liz to decide. Tell the truth and beg. You can never get a job at the Magic Association."

"Ha. It's really frustrating."

As he bowed his head in resignation, Oscar, who had his hand behind his back, fiddled with the ring he was wearing.

'If you enter the Spirit Zone, it's over.'

It was common for public magicians, who earn a considerable income, to carry magic tools for emergencies.
[Translated block]
"Sure, right now Liz might seem like your whole world. But as you get older, you'll understand. You might not know it yet as a student......"

Oscar held out his fist.

"The adult world is governed by harsh laws."

As the Lightning Thunder magic contained in the magic ring was activated, lightning fell above Nade's head.
[Translated block]