


```text
[465] War Begins (1)

Morning dawned.

The large Tagis started to run their engines with a roar.

A powerful electromagnetic wave hit heaven, and Aegis, the air defense system of heaven, was completely paralyzed.

"Charge!"

A whopping 150,000 troops under the Unified Rebel Command marched toward the gates of the first to sixth thousand, except for Arabot.

That's how the war with heaven began.

"Senior, this way."

Shirone and Flu infiltrated the third thousand Shehakim, where the immortals lived.

The rebels were currently unable to break through the gate of Shehakim, but that was also part of the strategy.

The most important thing was to somehow transport Shirone, the Terminator, to Arabot.

It was an espionage operation to divert the enemy's attention to the outskirts and infiltrate a small number of people into the enemy lines.

The first time I saw Shehakim, it was different from Shama'in, where the immortals lived.

There were mixed races of Nor, Mecca, and Kergo, but they stayed in standardized buildings called Paradise.

The white brick houses were of different sizes, but they were all beautiful.

The people passing by also abandoned their racial characteristics and wore airy clothes that only immortals wore.

Immortality. Those who escaped from the horror of Ewha's liquor.

Despite the war going on in the outskirts, their lives had not shown any significant changes yet.

"It's amazing. Is it the confidence of the immortal?"

Flu looked at them with a scornful eye.

There was no fear to be found in their attitude of exchanging pleasantries with people passing by with a kind smile.

"Let's get some clothes first. It's hard to walk around like this."

There were only two combat forces, so they couldn't fight their way to Arabot.

It was best to blend in with their group and move around somehow.

Shirone and Flu sneaked into the nearest Paradise.

There was a swimming pool installed in the room and a family was enjoying tea time happily inside the glass front.

Shirone went around the back of the building and jumped to the second floor.

Looking at the cityscape from a high place, there were many fairies walking around.

The war had already broken out, so security must have been much stronger than before.

Shirone made eye contact with Flu and opened the window and went inside.

They found Shehakim's clothes in the closet and undressed immediately.

They changed clothes and put their original clothes in a cubic, then opened the door.

"Huh? Who are you?"

Shirone and Flu stared at the girl stiffly.

They didn't feel any presence even in a spirit zone situation.

"Could it be... are you spies?"

Shirone slowly backed away.

It's not human.

They had fallen into a trap from the beginning.

Flu blocked the girl's approach with Phoenix in front of him.

He already knew it was intangible.

But the problem was that he couldn't find a way out.

A sense of reality that can't be felt even though it's fake.

'It's an ability that affects space.'

Flu shouted.

"Get out of here!"

"Kyaahhh!"

At the same time, the girl screamed and changed her shape.

The kind face disappeared and a wicked witch's face with lips torn grotesquely attacked them. Flu activated Phoenix Rising.

A bird of fire rose up and spat out a huge fireball at the girl.

Fire spread everywhere and the scenery swayed like a mirage.

Shirone activated Diamond Armor at the distortion of the scenery beyond the limit of matter.

Non-standard form-Paradise.

Orca's ability, head of Shehakim's immortal management department.

A mental magic that creates a terrible illusion by implementing Paradise mentally on those who enter the building.

Shirone and Flu headed for the window they had originally entered.

But outside the window there was nothing but empty darkness.

"We're completely trapped!"

Soon after, monsters with hair falling out like leprosy rushed in as the door opened.
```
[Translated block]


```
"Aaaah!"

Shirone swung Arman's tentacles and cut them all at once
[Translated block]


It was something that had to be followed once the rule-breaking game was activated.

Shirone and Flue nodded as if they agreed, and Orga made the first suggestion.

"Take off your top."

Orga took off his top first and threw it on the floor.

He met the condition, and now it was either Shirone or Flue's turn to take off their top.

'He's trying to disarm the diamond armor.'

He can't directly suggest to deactivate the Arman.

The proposal must be possible for both parties in equal rights, and that would be an 'impossible proposal' for Orga, who has no Arman.

Flue thought it was lucky that he was assisting Shirone.

If Shirone had been alone in the mirroring, he would have been disarmed without a fight.

"I'll do it."

If you can't take it off, you lose.

The result would probably be death.

Flue took off Shehakim's clothes and undressed his top. Then he noticed that Orga was not wearing underwear and matched the same state.

It was the right answer.

"Good. Now it's your turn to make a suggestion."

"I'll do it."

Shirone stepped forward.

The standard for dealing with a rule-breaker was as Marsha had said: to find out the rules first and then find a solution.

In that sense, there was something he had to check.

When he inflicted physical damage, did Orga actually feel the shock?

If the woman in front of him was just an illusion, then only Shirone would be damaged if he hurt himself.

'No, that's unlikely.'

The abnormal rule of equal rights is based on the clear principle of equivalent exchange.

If he had the ability to not be damaged by himself, he wouldn't be able to damage his opponent either.

'He's a very clever fairy. He has the ability to inflict damage on his opponent with just the principle of equivalent exchange, and to cope with countless variables.'

That's why he had something to hope for.

'If this works...'

Shirone took a step forward and made a suggestion.

"Break your left index finger."

It would stick back in a few hours anyway using Kenzer's healing ability.

The key was her condition.

Orga still watched Shirone without any change in expression.

There was no reason to follow an impossible proposal for him.

Shirone also did not avoid his gaze and grabbed his left index finger.

He clenched his teeth and applied force, and the joint of his index finger bent outward with a snap.

It hurt, but he had to endure it.

He was in a war right now.

Orga slowly lowered his hand and grabbed his index finger.

As soon as he heard the sound of his bone breaking, Shirone's eyes sparkled.

He detected that the mirror behind Orga shook for a moment.

'Physical damage works. That means...'

He didn't give him time to think, as if Orga made his second suggestion.

"Take off your pants."

Shirone bit his tongue at his persistent obsession with disarming the diamond armor.

It was a powerful weapon that could sweep away countless monsters in Paradise Hall, so it was natural.

'Oh, I see!'

Shirone realized when he saw the beautiful jewelry on Orga's body, who was standing naked.

This way, he would eventually have to disarm the diamond armor.

Flue, who had undressed his whole body, had only one cubic left.

On the other hand, Orga had two pairs of earrings, one pair of necklaces, two rings and three bracelets left.

Eventually, when Flue gave up his ring, there was a lot of room for him to become 'unable to perform the proposal' according to the condition.

Even if it was an abnormal situation, if it matched the rules, it was a rule-breaking game. In the end, they were cornered themselves.

'There's no time. I have to win in the next proposal.'

If the diamond armor was released, he wouldn't be able to face the monsters of Paradise. And that's what Orga was aiming for.

Flue started taking off his pants and muttered.

"Why do I always..."

At his grumbling voice, Shirone laughed out loud even in this serious situation.
[Translated block]


"I'm sorry, senior."

Anyway, Pluto also made the same decision, so he obediently agreed to the proposal.

And now it was time to end it.

"I can do it. No, it's the only way."

Shirone looked at Orga with a determined expression.

"My suggestion is...."
[Translated block]