


[365] The worst project (3)

"Miro's space-time is balanced at the midpoint between heaven and here. Let's call it pressure for easy understanding. In the end, the maze is crushed by the pressure of both sides. But what if one side's pressure suddenly disappears?"

Shirone shuddered at the thought of Gaold's words.

"Boom! The maze would shatter into pieces. That's why we can't get out with the maze. The maze has been trapped there since it created the wall of dimensions."

"But heaven's position must be different."

"Yeah. Heaven doesn't care about the life and death of the maze. They just have to break down the wall of dimensions and break in. This time, a crack went into Miro's space-time. That's a good example."

"Is that possible? It must be tremendous pressure."

"It's not impossible if the archangels do it. They are the ones who handle the power of the beginning of the universe. Amplification of Ikael. Birth of Kariel, destruction of Uriel, etc. Everything was almost over. But Miro is also a genius who is hard to come out twice in the human world. That's why he became Gepin's successor, I guess. Anyway, if he blocked the crack, he must have gone into a coma. Unless he can regain consciousness on his own, we have to assume that the situation has worsened. That's why we need to reinforce our power too. That's you, Shirone."

A heavy burden pressed on Shirone's chest.

There are countless strong people in the world. He couldn't understand why Gaold singled him out, leaving those people alone.

"What can I do?"

"In ancient times, Nephilims led humans to heaven. But after Gepin's erasure, no pure Nephilims were found to exist. All that remains are Gepin's relics. In other words, heaven can't access us without Gepin's relics either. So we are..."

Gaold paused. It was a sense of caution that only Gangnan and himself knew about a secret that was about to enter the ears of a third party.

"We're going to hack Akashic Records and change the coordinates of this world."

"Akashic Records... hack?"

It was too absurd to judge whether it was good or bad.

Above all, Akashic Records is a collection of laws that change parts through the whole. It could cause serious problems if you touched it wrong.

"Is that really okay? If you change the coordinates..."

The world would be completely different from now if just one word changed its meaning. They say Gepin erased it easily, but no one knows what the world was like before Gepin erased it.

"Of course, it could be a disaster for humans. But that won't happen. We're not changing the coordinates between planets."

"Then..."

Gaold raised his index finger and said.

"We're changing the coordinates of the beginning."

Shirone couldn't answer for a moment. It took him a long time to understand his words.

"So, you mean, the beginning of the universe?"

"Yeah. It would be a four-dimensional coordinate with time added to a three-dimensional space coordinate. Exactly 11 dimensions, but anyway. If you change the coordinates of the beginning, nothing will change after birth. Then heaven will no longer be able to find us."

"Because even though the relative value is still there, the absolute value has changed."

It was different from Gepin erasing it. It wasn't resetting the world, but changing the reset point.

As if he understood correctly, Gaold nodded.

"That's right. Because the coordinates have changed, the pressure on Miro will also disappear. Then we'll escape with Miro. Then we'll seal all of Gepin's relics scattered around the world and that's it. We'll say goodbye to heaven forever."

Shirone finally felt that the operation was realistic.

Of course, he couldn't guarantee success yet, but at least it was possible in theory. And if it was possible in theory, humans would eventually reach it.

'We can avoid the final war. No one has to die.'
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't do that. You're asking me to destroy heaven, the place where I was born and raised. The place where my friends and family are. How can you expect me to do such a thing?😢
[Translated block]
"Even if you thank me, it's not like I'm doing this for you. I'm just using you as a tool to achieve my goal. Don't get the wrong idea, kid."

Gaold said coldly, blowing out the smoke from his mouth.

"I know that, sir. But I still appreciate your trust and support. Without you, I wouldn't have a chance to meet her again."

Siroen said sincerely, looking at Gaold with admiration.

Gaold snorted and looked away.

"Don't get too attached to me either. I'm not your friend or your mentor. I'm just a man who's willing to sacrifice anything and anyone for my love. If you get in my way, I won't hesitate to kill you."

He said harshly, but Siroen didn't flinch.

"I understand, sir. But I still respect you and your love. You're the only one who can understand how I feel about her."

He said softly, his eyes shining with determination.

Gaold sighed and shook his head.

"You're a fool, kid. A fool who's in love with an angel. Do you really think she'll accept you? Do you really think she'll forgive you for what you're about to do?"

He asked mockingly, but Siroen didn't waver.

"I don't know, sir. But I have to try. I have to see her one more time. Even if it's the last time."

He said firmly, his voice full of hope.

Gaold looked at him for a moment, then smiled bitterly.

"Fine, fine. Do as you wish. But don't blame me if things go wrong. You're on your own from now on."

He said dismissively, then stood up and walked out of the room.

Siroen watched him go, then turned his attention back to the books and papers on the table.

He had a lot of work to do.

He had to find a way to destroy heaven.

He had to find a way to see her again.

He had to find a way to make her love him.

He had to find a way to live.

He had to find a way to be happy.

He had to find a way to be a genius.
[Translated block]
As the story ended, Shirone got up from the sofa and headed for the door. He grabbed the doorknob and was lost in thought for a long time. He finally spoke.

"I've met Miro."

"......Is that so."

The answer was surprisingly bland.

The incident of being hijacked by Miro in the Infinite Territory was only known to Alpheus and his friends, but Gaold, who had been tracking Shirone's whereabouts, had a vague idea.

'Did I say something unnecessary?'

It was a word he uttered out of a sense of responsibility. But rather, being calm might mean that he was hurt beyond the scope of understanding.

"Then, I'll go."

As Shirone pulled the door, Gaold said.

"Are you... doing well?"

Shirone recalled the time.

Even now, it wasn't a particularly good meeting. She tried to trap him in Miro's space-time, and eventually he was able to return to his original flesh through a black hole.

Shirone looked back at Gaold and smiled.

"As I heard, he's a quirky person."

"......"

Shirone left and the door closed.

Gaold was lost in thought for a long time. Then he chuckled and rubbed his cigarette in the ashtray.

"He's a good guy."

Kang Nan said with a cold expression.

"Yes. Unlike the chairman."
[Translated block]