


[537] Such a problem (1)

The maze party that fell into the abyss wandered through the ruined world where the sunset was setting.

The end of the world, which was completely different from what they had thought, told how far the future of information had jumped over time.

The place they arrived was a contaminated area, and wherever they looked, it was painted with disgusting mucous.

"What's most of this city like? What the hell is this?"

When Miro stepped on the mucous, mucous sprang up from all sides and covered her.

Lian cut it off with a sword, and the mucous that fell to the floor seeped back into the mucous.

Marsha shouted, taking out the bear bandage she was biting.

"Ah, really! Don't step on that! How many times is this!"

"But it's fun. Chultukchultuk."

Fermi said, looking over the city.

"The sun is setting. We need to find a place to rest for now."

Marsha approached, spitting smoke.

"I think it's dangerous on the ground. I'm also worried about those strange things flying around."

"How about that cave?"

Lian pointed to the subway entrance installed in India.

"That's good. Anyway, I can't get into the building."

Krrrrr.

Then a terrestrial creature walked out from behind the block.

It was an unusual event for them, who had expected that mucous had driven away all terrestrial creatures as soon as they arrived here.

"Is it a monster?"

It had a huge face resembling a lion, its mouth torn to its ears, and its teeth were jagged like nails.

One of the few walking animals in Apocalypse, Electric Liger.

He walked straight toward Miro's party without caring about the mucous that covered all sides.

There was no doubt that mucous splashed, but blue electricity crackled from his body and burned it in an instant.

"It adapts to the environment. First of all, it's an electric-type monster."

"I'll deal with it."

Lian stepped forward with his great sword handle in his hand, and Fermi raised his hand and stopped him.

"No. There is always a property for any magic. Then I am qualified to use all magic."

As soon as Fermi swallowed the chip, Electric Liger spewed electricity and rushed in.

'Lightning Thunder.'

A powerful thunderbolt struck three times with a bang, and Electric Liger screamed and collapsed on the spot.

"Of course, a true magician breaks any property."

Marsha scolded him.

"You're kidding me. You're just wasting money, aren't you?"

"Of course there is that part too."

Miro's mouth curled up.

'Evil guy.'

Apocalypse is a world made up of codes.

Therefore, Fermi tried to check whether the electric ability was information of a monster or information of the world.

'If it's information of a monster, electricity is immune. But Fermi's shock went well. Therefore, even though it is a virtual world, it is separated from reality as incarnation and law.'

Fermi tapped his chin and thought.

'At least for us, death here means death in reality. It is important to find Shirone as soon as possible.'

Marsha asked.

"But what about casino chips? How much can you swallow?"

"As much as your stomach can fit. However, if you overuse it, you may have symptoms such as headache or vomiting. Why, are you going to trade?"

"If necessary for operation. I'll think about it for now."

Fermi looked closely at Marsha.

'He said he was an irregular eater.'

In the past, it was a magic extraction method, but if he experienced catharsis, his current ability would be different.

"By the way, what is your ability? I feel like I'm being ripped off."

"That's because you're a broker. Product introduction is basic. I can't reveal it yet. You know why?"

Fermi turned his words and pointed his index finger at him.

"Your tattoo is pretty. Any meaning?"

On Marsha's left hand holding a bear bandage, there was a small tattoo engraved.

It was a dagger in the shape of a cross with smoke-like handles.
[Translated block]


```
"It's something I carved after leaving Galliant Island. There are a few more places besides here. For example... here."

Marsha put her hand into her skirt and pushed it deep below her navel.

"Do you want to see it if you're curious? Do you want to check it out?"

Permi shook his head at Marsha's suggestive look
[Translated block]


"I already left. I asked him how I was going to get out when he said he was going back to reality. Do you know what that crazy guy said?"

Malta spread his arms as if he was incredulous.

"He said that if you want to get out of hell, you have to go to the end of hell. Haha! Who can't think of that?"

A faint smile appeared on the edge of Miro's mouth.

'You're still moving forward, Gaold.'

Even if the avatar was asleep, the information that made him up was reaching out to the extreme even in the world of the end.

"Actually, I didn't try it. I went out to try it as he said. But I couldn't last a week. Once you leave the city, it's all desert, desert, desert. He probably died."

"No, my friend is not dead. Until I die."

Fermi pointed to a dot on the map.

"Is this our location?"

"That's right. I decided to live here and searched thoroughly. First of all, this world has a lot of facilities underground. There are hundreds of rooms in the building. Some places are full of mucus and can't even get in. They call it mucous here."

"What are the tree symbols and sun symbols?"

"Tree of life and flock."

Malta told him about the race called Children of the Sun.

"There are three trees of life in this city, so there are three flocks. Each is ruled by a different judge. They're not particularly hostile, but the problem is the underground people."

"The scream from the cave?"

"Yeah. They look similar to humans, but they're agile like using schema. They can't photosynthesize, so they mostly hunt. They use strange weapons, so it's better to avoid them as much as possible."

The man who ran out of words held out both hands and said.

"You can take it if you want. It's no use to me anyway."

"Oh, then thank you..."

As Lian reached out for the map, Fermi said.

"No, I memorized it. Let's rest here for today and look around the flock from tomorrow."

"......"

Lian's hand was quietly withdrawn.

"It's not a problem to rest. You can use it as a forward base. I'm happy to meet people after a long time. Except for that crazy guy last time."

"Thank you. Then I'll be indebted for a while."

"You can use the facilities as much as you want. Thanks to the magician, there is enough water. I also learned how to charge electricity. This world has a lot of conveniences. If you want to wash, use the bathroom."

Marsha, who looked at Malta's friendly smile, sucked her bear bandage and got up.

"Then I'll wash first. It feels sticky, maybe because of the mucus."

"Water will come out when you press the button."

Marsha raised her hand in gratitude for Malta's consideration and went into the bathroom and turned on the hot water and took off her clothes.

"Hoo, I'm tired."

She entrusted her body to the water droplets pouring from the shower head and looked at her body reflected in the full-length mirror.

The tattoos engraved on her body were seven.

Left back of hand, right palm, between chest bones, below navel, inside left thigh, above hip bone, last one was in a place that was not visible.

Of course, it was not actually engraved on the body, but a magical tattoo for activating 'Peyron's Dagger', an irregular style.

'Shirone...'

The wound she suffered from her foster father as a child was comforted by catharsis given by a boy.

-You can kill me.

Of course, the trauma did not disappear, but she had a mindset of actively overcoming the wounds of the past.

It was a value of life that could not be converted into material.

'If I can pay off my debt with this...'

She deactivated irregular style and seven tattoos disappeared.

She finished showering and dried her body and found a state-of-the-art toilet she had never seen before and sat down with her chin crossed.

"By the way, how much can I get when this is over? I need to expand my business soon. Huh?"

Marsha finished her business and looked around.
[Translated block]


"Toilet paper......"

There were green and red buttons where toilet paper should normally be.

"What is this?"

When she pressed the green button, a strong jet of water shot out from under the toilet.

Marsha flinched and got up with a surprised expression, looking at where the water came from.

"What, what is this? A monster?"

It might not be a big deal for someone who was used to it, but for Marsha, who had lived in the past, it was a very humiliating event.

"Just this......!"

She wanted to smash it, but she couldn't damage the property as she was living off someone else.

"......"

Five minutes later.

"Ah, refreshing."

Marsha came out as if nothing had happened, shaking her head with a towel.

"Is the water okay?"

"It's clean. Oh, right. Miro."

"Hmm?"

A sly smile like a cat appeared on Marsha's lips.

"Don't you need to go to the bathroom?"

That night at midnight.

A huge sphere of light rose over the northwest cluster of the city.
[Translated block]