


[625] Magic of Banya (2)

Endless flashes poured in around Infercus, who was enveloped in a huge light.

Kuaaaaa!

Being the strongest creature, the sight of the dragon screaming was rather terrifying.

"14 percent! 11 percent!"

The analysts shouted, and the audience clenched their fists without even blinking.

'Is it really possible?'

A rare event in history, let alone in mythology, was being reproduced before their eyes.

Krrrrr!

Then Infercus writhed viciously in the storm of massive mass.

"The magic is recovering! 13 percent! 15 percent!"

"What's with that weird inspiration? What are you going to do if you set up magic concentration?"

The fact that they were choked by reality was proof that the program was not designed with clear in mind from the beginning.

"17 percent! 19 percent! It keeps going up!"

As Infercus's head gradually bent towards the ground, the participants equipped magic with a bored expression.

"Damn it! Hang in there! Concentrate firepower!"

While everyone was distracted by the dragon, only Shirone was turning his body and heading towards the corner.

"No."

The woman in the hood said.

"He can't stand it."

Kieeeee!

Infercus, who was trying to escape Quaisa by concentrating magic, had his back bent to the point where his spine was bent.

"It condenses. It's crossed the threshold."

As Baikal said, as the size of Quaisa decreased, the shock amount began to increase.

"9 percent! 7 percent!"

At that point, the dragon's body twisted.

"4 percent! 2 percent! 1 percent...!"

Elizabeth's escalating voice abruptly cut off, and her pupils shook with shock.

Kuaaaaa!

The dragon of 360 million magical was being sucked in following the Quaisa that disappeared into a dot.

Kieeee....

As the scream faded away like a memory of the past, everyone in the Colosseum was unable to move with a lost expression.

"He really killed it. The dragon...."

-The extreme survival evaluation will end. The final survivors are 28. The second evaluation will begin shortly.

In a situation that didn't feel real, the participants first turned their eyes to where Shirone was.

They could read a chilling concentration from the figure already preparing for the next evaluation with his eyes closed.

"Br....!"

A scout from another country stood up in the VIP seat.

"Bravo!"

As if promised, numerous scouts spit out praises in their own languages, and the audience gave a standing ovation.

Even as the applause like a shower shook the Colosseum, Baikal was still motionless.

'Is this your answer, Shirone?'

Elizabeth, who couldn't hide her excitement, turned her head.

"Evaluator, you have to evaluate."

Baikal, who had been lost in thought until the applause subsided, finally opened his heavy mouth.

"S."

Lara smiled and recorded the grade.

"It's amazing. Clearing the 10th stage. It's the first time I've felt this excited while working as a scout."

Baikal asked Elizabeth.

"Check the records for the entire Kingdom of Tormia. See if there's a case of successfully clearing the 10th stage."

"There is."

Elizabeth's pupils glowed blue.

"19 years ago, here at Alpheus Magic School, the kingdom's first record of passing the 10th stage. It was the first evaluation like today, and the final survivors were 15."

"Who was the top passer at the time?"

She, who accessed the information by blinking her eyes, said.

"It was Mikea Gauld."

There was no way Baikal wouldn't know the name of the former president of the Magic Association.

'...Are you trying to follow the madman?'

-We will now start the selection for the second evaluation of the graduation test. One of the five events excluding extreme survival will be adopted.

Despite the historic event at the Kingdom Magic School, the system was just indifferent.
[Translated block]


"Hey, you're such a fool. On a day like today, you should let the participants rest more! You're ruining a great match."

As the middle-aged man complained, the woman in the hood muttered, leaning her head on her fist in a crooked posture.

"We're not taking the test to compete......"

The man's face crumpled.

"Hey, miss. I've been patient with you, but if you have something to say, say it to me directly. You're muttering and not even using honorifics. Who are you, exactly?"

The woman in the hood turned her head sharply.

"Who are you, sir? You don't seem to be a student here, judging by your presence."

"You mean, you don't know me?"

The man proudly unfolded a Spirit magazine that was published three years ago, which he had taken out of his bag.

The title of the article was written in the special feature section.

Man who loves magic, Poltar, reflecting on 27 years of civilian scout career

"Ah ha?"

"Do you get it now? It's been 30 years this year. I'm the one who gets a special observer's certificate from the Creas branch of the Magic Association."

"From the association? That's impressive."

"Of course. Magic is my life. I keep meticulous records of the history of standard magic and the records of graduates from the Alpheus School of Magic."

"That's amazing. With such passion, why not officially scout?"

Poltar's eyes became distant.

"When I was young and crazy about magic, I dreamed of becoming a wizard. But life doesn't always go the way you want it to."

"Any special story?"

Poltar turned his head with a sad expression.

"I can't do the Spirit Zone."

"......"

"I memorized the basics of magic, but I can't. It's hard even after 30 years. Ha, sometimes it seems like it's working......"

The woman looked straight ahead without answering.

"By the way, who are you? Only those approved by the association can observe, except for the staff."

"Me? I'm a student here?"

"Ah, you were in the advanced class."

I thought the words she spat out were not ordinary.

"You should watch with your friends, why are you here?"

"Just because. I don't really know anyone......"

Poltar looked at her pitifully.

"Oh dear. Are you being ostracized?"

"Well...... Yeah, something like that."

Poltar's hand patted the woman's back.

"Cheer up! Dream big! If you work hard, who knows? You might really become the world's greatest wizard! You're still young!"

'I'm not that young......'

There's no need to clarify that she looks young.

"Haha! Anyway, today is really the best! It's been a long time since I've seen such an exciting graduation exam!"

The guide voice was heard.

-We will decide on the second evaluation event.

A hologram in the shape of a circle floated above the heads of the scattered participants in the Colosseum.

The fire went out in the extreme survival category, and the arrow rotated along the remaining five categories.

'How much has she recovered?'

The part that the participants waiting for the second evaluation were most concerned about was the current mental state of Shiro.

Without magic, perfect recovery is impossible, and in fact, her complexion was noticeably paler than in the early stages.

'Why is she doing that?'

Shiro's friends looked worried.

'If the evaluation starts, most of them will focus on attacking Shiro. Depending on the event, there may be a need to form a faction.'

If the competitors form a coalition, the friends will also form a coalition, and the center of gravity is naturally Shiro.

'I'll hit Shiro first. Even if she's tired, she's the top graduate. It's advantageous for me to process it quickly.'

As various thoughts sprouted, the arrow finally pointed to one slot.

"Ha."

There would be advantages and disadvantages depending on the event, but one thing was clear: there was no participant who would welcome this event now.

-Personal combat (combat power measurement).

"Woahhhhhhh!"

As the most popular event in the graduation exam, the reaction of the audience was explosive.
[Translated block]


"I'm really going crazy."

As much as the participants seemed to have a hard time, there was no foolish person who wasted time on complaints and complaints.

"Shoot Shiro."

Almost simultaneously, all 28 people entered the Spirit Zone, and the majority of the participants threw their bodies towards Shiro.

On the contrary, Shiro's friends took a position against them and pushed in from the opposite direction.

"Person-to-person combat. It's always a factional battle at the beginning."

Amy, who had already experienced being hit by Geumhwalryun in the graduation exam a year ago, was thinking of building a united front.

At that time, when Iruki and Nade, who made the same judgment, joined her on the left and right and headed towards Shiro.

"Elysium!"

The flash of the photon cannon fell diagonally over the heads of all the participants except Shiro.

"What!"

Bang! Bang bang bang!

As the gate of battle opened due to an unexpected situation, the participants who rolled on the ground looked at Shiro with a dumbfounded expression.

"Haah. Haah."

He seemed to be tired already from casting twenty-seven spells at the same time, bowing his head and panting.

Shiro, who slowly retreated as his friends approached, flicked his hand as if to let them in.

"This crazy guy......!"

The participants, who realized the gesture that they would deal with everyone, showed their will to live, feeling uncontrollable anger.

"It's the worst decision."

Baikal opened his mouth.

"......I'd like to say that, but I guess I can't now. I was hit hard in the first evaluation."

"But it's impossible to deal with everyone. Besides, he's already tired."

"I agree, but it's a bit like saying it's impossible. Even if 27 people unite, it's not KG level."

That was true.

"But I can't help but feel uncomfortable."

Regardless of whether it was possible or not, as a magician, he couldn't feel good about Shiro's decision now.

"27th. Who do you think you are?"

The majority of the participants, whose pride was hurt, stared at Shiro with all their might and rushed towards him.

"Answer, Shiro."

At the start of the second evaluation, Baikal threw another question at Shiro.

"Are you... such a great being?"

The flash of rampage flashed, and Shiro flew into the sky as the participants hesitated.

As everyone looked up at the sky, the woman in the hood followed Shiro's flash and said.

"The reason why a genius is not recognized by the majority is because it denies the existing system."

Who could have accepted that time and space are intertwined in one system?

"It's not jealousy or envy. Rather, it's a matter of understanding. They can't accept it because the system is different."

At the grandiose discourse, Poltar turned around, and the woman grabbed her bracelet and jumped up.

"But I understand, Shiro. Penetrate. Even if the whole world denies you......"

The woman, who revealed her face by flipping her hood, spread her arms wide and raised her chin arrogantly.

'I, the strongest maze, understand you.'

"Ah, sit down a bit! I can't see!"

"......I'm sorry."

When the person behind him yelled, the embarrassed maze sat down, flipping her hair.

"Come down! Is it running away in the end!"

The participants poured concentrated fire towards Shiro, who was flying in the sky using teleportation.

Now even his friends who didn't understand at first could fully understand Shiro's intentions.

'You, you really want to become a magician.'

Iruki, who made a decision, had a strange smile on his lips.

'Then wish, Shiro!'

As the atomic bomb exploded one after another and flew into the sky, Shiro, who spread his wings wide, flew to the end of the Colosseum.

'It's not this way, it's not that way......'

Many words of denial that he could never become a magician slipped out of his mind.

"I don't care. Even if everyone says no."
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]