


[429] Opportunity for Revenge (1)

Cage B team arrived on the mainland.

People opened the way for themselves as 21 magicians walked around occupying the road.

Because it was a place where there was no rule except for the unwritten law between communities, those who belonged to the mainland had a sense of smell that evolved to the level of smelling the strong ones.

It wasn't that Cage B team was particularly intimidating or oppressive.

It was a party made up of 4th to 6th grade, but most of them were young because they were the best talents in the kingdom, and only team leader Rose, deputy team leader Horkin, and communication magician Wegan had experienced heaven among the 21 people.

"Ouch, ouch."

A woman with a short haircut and a forehead lifted up scratched her body from time to time.

A certified 4th grade fire magician, Aroella of Chlorination.

A hot woman who uses flames that reach 3,200 degrees Celsius, she has a peculiar history of being robbed of all her assets by three men she has dated so far, while having a prickly personality.

"Why is it so ticklish? Is the air here bad?"

She couldn't stand it and put her hand inside her clothes and scratched the ticklish spot directly.

Summoning magician Malloy frowned and asked.

"You've been bothering me since a while ago. Why do you keep rubbing your chest? Have you decided to be self-sufficient now?"

"No... my armpits have been ticklish since I came here. Beam, did I get bitten by a strange bug?"

The answer from insect magician Beam was concise.

"It's because you don't shave."

"Are you kidding me! I don't have any hair!"

Cage B team's terminator Tarvan said.

"That's even weirder."

"Shut up! Don't touch me right now, I'm in the worst mood! I'll burn you up!"

Tarvan ignored Aroella's words and looked at team leader Rose.

"What are we going to do now? Do you know where Gaold is and look for him? Why don't we just leave it to Joner in the city center?"

Deputy team leader Horkin shook his head.

"Arthur. Even if it's Cage level, the mainland is not a place to be taken lightly. If you spread the spirit zone unnecessarily and get tangled up with some weird guys, it will be difficult to perform the mission."

Carnivore Benifis said.

"Boss, isn't it time to retire from active duty? We are the kingdom's strongest elite force that catches Masin. We don't have to worry about anything."

"Cage-level parties can catch Masin. But here, Masin also gathers in Cage level."

There was a moment of silence.

Team leader Rose said.

"Heaven is a dangerous place. Especially our target is Micaia Gaold, the kingdom's best combat magician."

Spiritualist Mami frowned. It was a hysterical impression with irregular pupils and protruding cheekbones.

"So what? No matter how Gaold is, he can't catch Masin alone. We don't lose in combat power."

Horkin said.

"Masin and humans are different. Masin has a way to attack according to reason, but humans have too many variables. And..."

Horkin's face turned cold as he looked at Mami.

"Catch him alone, Gaold."

Saliva slipped down Mami's throat.

Rose said.

"The best result is to eliminate Gaold without sacrificing any team members. But it's not strange if someone dies. It's not a number game that you're doing with 1st grade. Gaold is special."

Only then did determination appear on the faces of the team members.

It was the first time that the team leader had put the target above them while working together for several years.

On the other hand, Tarvan was not at all nervous. He couldn't afford to be intimidated before he fought with the strongest destructive power in the team.

"If we can't use Spirit Zone, we'll have to run on foot."

Tarvan suddenly turned and headed for the alley.

Everyone knew that they had been followed since they arrived here, so the team members followed him without making a sound.

As soon as they entered the alley, armed men showed themselves.
[Translated block]


There were as many as Cage B team, and their eyes flashed with vitality.

"What are you guys?"

The mental magician White connected the mental channel and interpreted Tarvan's words, but the armed robbers were not surprised by anyone.

The leader, a man, rather drew a sharp sword as if it was natural and approached Tarvan.

"You don't know who we are. I knew it from the moment you looked around like a countryman. Did you think it would be safe to flock together?"

In the mainland where countless lifestyles and creatures are mixed, information is as important as power.

It was a good prey for those who take first place in the mainland's first journey.

"I don't know, so I'm asking. What are you guys?"

"Kuku, then I'll tell you some good information. First, when someone calls from the mainland, they run right away and kneel down. Second, give up everything you have. Third, leave the women behind and run away with all your strength. Now, proceed."

Tarvan looked around his teammates.

No one wanted to step forward, so he sighed and approached the robber.

"Haah, here or there......"

Five minutes later.

Twenty robbers were sprawled on the alley floor with their faces smashed.

They were pathetic bastards who didn't even need to use Tarvan's specialty Kaiser Blast.

"Huuk! Sa, save me......!"

Tarvan grabbed the leader's collar and lifted him up.

"Let me ask you one thing."

"Yes, yes! Anything you know, no, anything you don't know, I'll definitely find out and bring it!"

It was almost laughable.

They seemed to switch their attitude faster than the robbers of the original world.

The communication magician Wegan smiled brightly and opened a vision with magic in front of the leader.

When Gaold's face appeared, the leader's face turned pale with fear.

"Have you seen this person?"

"Ah, uh, that's......"

Cage B team realized from the leader's reaction. He had seen Gaold before.

The mental magician White came over.

"You got lucky, Tarvan."

"Chet, I already calculated it."

Tarvan's words were probably false, but the result was obvious if you think about it.

The lowest level of the mainland food chain that only targets rookies.

If they don't even have the ability to gauge their opponent's capabilities, they would have been followed by Gaold too.

"Hey, you. Spill everything you know."

White's words reached the leader's head through the mental channel.

'The value of the information he has. The balance of life and price.'

"I-I don't know anything. But......"

White didn't even listen to his words and turned his body back to where his teammates were.

"It's over. Let's have a meeting."

Tarvan smiled and clenched his fist as the leader realized that something went wrong and shouted.

"Wa-wait! The truth is I saw him! I saw him!"

"I know."

The leader's face smashed into the wall as Tarvan let go of his fist.

He got up and looked at Horkin as he loosened his fist.

"It's bland. Isn't it too pathetic for a place where Masein runs around like Cage?"

Horkin was about to answer when a group of people appeared at the end of the alley.

Tarvan turned his head as he felt their presence and his eyes sank quietly unlike before.

'What are they?'

"Huh?"

Etella looked at the hunting list given by Frank Wine and walked while looking at it, but she raised her head with a strange feeling.

Twenty-one people occupied the alley.

Kuan silently put his hand on the handle of his sword. They were all masters of their own specialties by looking at their aura.

The tension soared explosively, and dozens of eyes quickly searched for everything about each other.

Tarvan had to take back what he had just said.

He thought it was a place where people lived, but this was the mainland where he could meet such inhuman beings in alleys.

Horkin smiled interestingly and stroked his beard.

'Hmm, what do we do about this?'
[Translated block]


They wanted to get out of here, but this place was a dead end.

If they didn't want to fight, they should have backed off and made way, but none of the Cage B team had any intention of doing such a ridiculous thing.

Kuan realized that the other side had no intention of giving way and slowly moved forward.

Limping.

The eyes of 21 people simultaneously looked at Kuan's legs and went up.

'Is he trying to do it alone? Is he crazy?'

Unless they were going to hug and kiss, there was no reason to approach in a blocked alley, right?

'You're kidding me. If you want to get out, you guys go back.'

Tarvan blocked the approach and spat out hostility, as if causing a chemical reaction, Kuan's temperament amplified in an instant.

"Wow...."

Someone on the team exclaimed.

It was enough not to even think of scolding him, Tarvan also smiled.

'He's killing it with his aura.'

There is no such thing as a friendly aura, but cutting it off without a hint of hesitation means that he is already prepared.

'That's right, this is how it should be to feel like working.'

Kuan limped forward with an even pace. Even so, his eyes did not blink and contained Tarvan.

'One more step forward.'

Then there was no choice but to ring the bell.

The time came in an instant, and Kuan's foot crossed the diagonal line. At the same time, Horkin opened his mouth at the end of the bell.

"Don't do that...."

As Kuan's sword drew a trail and flashed, Tarvan's body turned into a flash and was pushed back.

"Poo!"

The physical reaction speed of a swordsman is faster than that of a magician. It was such a fast sword that if Horkin had not cut off the vein exactly, it might have been a different result.

'Did he dodge it? No, did he cut it?'

His nose felt cold as if it was frozen.

It could be wind pressure, or it could be actually cut. But it was too humiliating to touch it with his hand and check.

"Huh? Are you from the continent?"

Etela looked surprised and pointed at Horkin.

The Cage B team also relaxed a bit when they heard the familiar language.

Of course, that was not a reason to give way or go back the way they came.

But all 25 people in the alley sensed that it was best to end the situation well through this trivial commonality.

Horkin, who had a good hand, stepped forward.

"Oh, I didn't recognize you as an easterner and raised my blood. Nice to meet you. Are you also on a mission?"

Etela shook hands with Horkin and smiled kindly.

"Yes. We almost fought with each other."

'Huhu, on the same side?'

Horkin's mouth curled slightly.

They were not so naive that they could not associate Cage with 21 magicians gathered together.

'Are they from Red Line?'

Weygan took advantage of the conciliatory atmosphere and approached. Of course, it was an action with complex psychological calculations behind it.

"We were looking for someone. Have you seen this person?"

As Gaold's face appeared on the magic screen, Etela widened her eyes in surprise and said.

"Huh? This person, isn't this Micaea Gaold?"

Shiina added.

"She is the president of the Torumia Magic Association. But why are you looking for her on the mainland?"

'Hmm, that's right....'

Horkin blinked and thought.

To be exact, she was the 'former' president of the Torumia Magic Association.

'It's been less than a month since it happened. But do they really not know? They don't seem to have been on the mainland for long.'

Tarvan said gruffly.

"It's nothing. It's just something we need for our mission."

Since they met in such a place, they were likely to be on a secret mission, so they refrained from digging deeper into each other's affairs.

"Yes. Well."

Etela bowed her head politely, showing her lack of interest. It was now a request to clear the way.

A slight resistance arose in the minds of the young members of Cage B team, but Rose settled the situation with a cold voice.
[Translated block]


"Open it up."

The cage B team moved aside and Armin's group escaped through the gap.

Most of them avoided eye contact, but Yumhwa's Aroella kept staring at Shiina until the end.

'That woman is definitely an ice mage. I'm sure.'

Aroella's opinion was that the only thing that made her feel bad without reason was the fire's nemesis, but strangely enough, her accuracy was high.

When Armin's group disappeared from sight, Rose immediately looked at White and asked.

"How is it?"

"What do you mean how is it? Of course it failed. They all blocked their thoughts and nothing was read. And I couldn't aggressively dig into them either."

Rose didn't disappoint and moved on to the next thing.

"What about that man?"

White looked at the leader of the robbers and said.

"He did follow Gaold. But Gaold didn't respond and left the mainland right away. He has two companions, one is Kangnan and one is a woman I don't know."

"A woman you don't know? Hmm."

Juluzi was the world's best summoner, but he was a foreign mage and had a very closed personality, so there were few people who knew his face.

"But it's strange. If he left the mainland right away, he wouldn't have had a reason to come here, right?"

"According to his memory, he never entered a building or took a rest. He left as soon as he arrived in an hour."

"I see. Finding that reason would be the fastest way to reach Gaold. Let's trace back his route from now on."

When Rose stepped out of the alley, the remaining team members followed suit.

Then Horkin suddenly stopped walking and looked at the street.

"Boss, why are you doing this?"

"The woman who shook hands with me. I'm sure I've seen her face somewhere, but I can't remember. She wasn't in the Mage Society, I think."

Tarvan didn't think much of it.

"With that skill level, you must have seen her somewhere. Anyway, let's go quickly. I'm starving to death."

"......"

Horkin's gaze followed Tarvan, but lingered on the road where Eterla's group had disappeared for a long time.
[Translated block]