


```text
[490] New variable (3)

Metiel was silent.

Satiel was not so cruel and cold from the beginning.

Rather, he was the most tender and pure angel among the eight archangels in the early days of his birth.

McClain Gopin.

He had already left the world, but his existence still rooted deep in this world and exerted influence.

Even in the mind of Archangel Satiel.

"They're approaching fast."

Metiel turned his words as he looked at the battlefield.

He was not afraid of Satiel's madness, but it was better to be careful with his mouth as Ra's will might work.

As Metiel turned his words, Satiel also released the judicial frenzy and looked back at the battlefield.

As the rebels rushed in like water, the army of heaven also followed, but it was still not properly controlled.

One heaven, but different skies.

The unfamiliar strategy of breaking through the walls and bypassing them by taking advantage of the paralysis of Aegis's interception system, coupled with the fact that there was no command of angels, worked as a boost for the rebels.

"Don't we have to step in? If they really reach Arabot like this..."

"I've already sent all Mara. Now we have to restrain ourselves..."

Grrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Before Metiel's words were over, a loud noise that shook the world came from the east of Jebul.

A huge black sphere with a diameter of 200 meters pushed away all objects and expanded, sucking in everything around it.

It was a bizarre sight as if a brush had been dabbed on a picture of Jebul's landscape, and the speed at which tons of rocks rotated around the sphere looked slow in front of the huge scale.

"That's Metatron's gravity force. What happened?"

It was unlikely that an archangel would intervene directly in the battle against Ra's instructions.

Especially Metatron, who had his mouth extinguished for sinning against Ra's will, should have been more careful.

Metiel and Satiel simultaneously spread their frenzy and bent to look inside the gravity force.

Nothing could be seen by the gravity that sucked even light, but gradually Metatron's ability faded and one scene was revealed.

"That's..."

The pupils of the two archangels shook with shock.

'Angel's ability... doesn't work.'

Metatron muttered with his mouth of mind.

If Ra hadn't extinguished his mouth, he would probably have been staring blankly at the one standing in front of him.

"Kkkk, is this the power of an archangel?"

Frankwine, wrapped in gravity force, put strength into his muscular body naked.

His skin was red and swollen, and his wounds from Ethela were hideously settled, but his expression was still smiling.

"It's nothing."

The moment Frankwine kicked the ground, Metatron floated hundreds of gravity balls and trapped him in an eternal maze of attraction that he could never escape.

But surprisingly, Frankwine ignored all attraction and came straight up and punched Metatron.

Metatron, who rolled on the ground with a heavy body, lay down on the floor with an unbelievable expression.

"......"

There was no moan because there was no mouth.

'The original concept is not applied. That means...'

Metatron reached one conclusion and opened his eyes wide as if he couldn't believe it and turned his head.

Frankwine, who had four triangles floating above his head, swung his shoulders arrogantly and walked over.

'Four-horned Mara. Satan!'

If an angel's frenzy symbolizes eternity, Mara's triangle symbolizes absoluteness.

And all these concepts are integrated into a whole to form an Akashic record.

But Satan has four horns.

This was a concept that could not be reached by law, and therefore Satan is not affected by any law.

'The reason why he banned angels' activities is not because of Nephilim. Ra...'

He feared Satan's advent and evacuated the angels.
```
[Translated block]


```text
It was the right choice in the end.

Satan is a being outside the law, so he is the only concept that cannot be erased even by the Akashic Records.

Therefore, the most threatening variable in heaven at present was Satan, not the rebels or the Nephilim.

'We have to get rid of him now. If the angels suffer, no one can stop him then.'

The Akashic Records are perfect, so the number of laws is always 1.

However, there is a possibility of lowering this fixed and immutable phase to a general concept by using a special reason.

That is, assuming that there is 'something' outside the concept of totality that refers to totality.

No one knows what 'something' is, but as soon as you assume it exists, the concept is born.

From that point on, the Akashic Records are degraded to the number 2 of the law, and they refer to each other with 'something', and eventually enter the zero-sum game that Madosa calls the law of seesaw.

Satan, a being without substance, born from hypothetical law.

The perfect imperfection was the only concept that could annihilate the Akashic Records into law.

"Why don't you just give up? Angels have high self-esteem, but before you get into a more hideous situation."

Metatron raised his body trembling.

The unique majestic sound could no longer be heard, but the momentum was conveyed through the swaying air.

'This ends it!'

As the judicial frenzy was activated, Frank Wine's surroundings bent toward one point as if transparent water was sucked in like a funnel.

Frank Wine's face distorted at his ability to compress gravity and pierce a hole in space-time.

"Krrrrk!"

Then his body twisted as if it were rotating around a point, and quickly tightened toward the hole.

"Kkkk, this is what... not even a kid's prank."

Frank Wine's body disappeared from space like evaporation, suddenly tearing his mouth evilly.

"......!"

Metatron's pupils were filled with shock.

As Frank Wine's fist pierced through his thick chest, the halo above his head weakened like a candle with a burning wick.

'Is it still not working...'

The reason why angels are powerful is because they deal with concepts of deep principles of this world that no other creature can approach.

But Satan, who ignores all those concepts, was like a natural enemy of all angels, including archangels.

The halo that glowed like a last spasm exploded like glass shards, and Metatron's heavy body fell over as it was.

"You're frozen."

Frank Wine looked down at the archangel who was oxidized and extinguished by light indifferently and loosened his fist.

"Now what will happen?"

This was what attracted Frank Wine's appetite most when Satan offered a deal.

The law of seesaw.

Frank Wine's law becomes stronger every time he annihilates an angel.

And now one of the eight concepts of origin has disappeared.

That is, one-eighth of the principle that rules the world has been eliminated.

Psssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

As Metatron's corpse turned into dust of light and scattered into thin air, Frank Wine's eyes opened wide.

The flies in his pupils ran around like crazy as his body began to convulse.

"Oh! Oooooo!"

A huge force was rushing in.

His whole body muscles swelled like balloons, increasing his height to 2 meters and his skin color reddened like blood.

His eyes were torn evilly upwards and his teeth sprouted jaggedly, and his thick neck flowed down like a mountain to his shoulders.

"Uhahahaha! Uhahahahahaha!"

He burst into laughter toward the sky with a dull voice as if his muscles were squeezing out.

He lifted his head toward the building of Jebul that was cut off by gravity and kicked off the ground with force and flew up.

When he entered 23rd floor from cross section consisting of 43 floors, Yamaeng's subordinates lined up in rows and waited.

"Have you arrived, sir!"

Frank Wine smiled with a hideous face that had already lost its original appearance.
```
[Translated block]


As he moved, the pale wall that symbolized the angel flickered with a sinister red shadow.

"Well, shall we play for real now?"

The angel hunting of Satan began.

13th floor of Hell.

Armin, Shiina, and Kuan were in a team of three, heading to Ingles where the Akashic Record was.

There was no activity of the angels yet, so it was not a difficult task to infiltrate Hell, but the problem was that there was nothing special to do even after arriving.

"I hope Ethella will bring the disk safely. I felt it when I traded, but those guys from Night Vision, they have a lot of suspicious corners."

Shiina had the same thought as Armin.

Especially Frank Wine and Meat Gun, the leaders of Night Vision, were people who had a unique temperament different from the organization members.

"Ethella teacher will be fine. I know her skills better than anyone."

He couldn't narrow the distance even though he lived together as a peer teacher at Alpheus Magic School, and one of the reasons was his awe of her.

Leaving aside the name tag of Bishop of Carciss Capital Society, she had a sincere heart for the world.

"Yeah. Zulu is also a strong person."

Zulu is currently on a solo mission to find the Meta Gate.

It was estimated to be in an underground munitions factory in Hell, but it was unknown what the outcome would be in wartime.

All situations were precarious, but Armin made up his mind.

When Stop was released by the angel's ability, Armin's timeline was filled again.

The only thing that worried him was Miro.

Is she safe?

Or did she die when Cariel's magic circle exploded because she couldn't match the time?

'Well, she's not a magician I can worry about. I protect Shiina. That's all I have to think about.'

Armin stopped and looked back at Shiina.

"If you can't handle the situation, come behind me unconditionally. I can block it once."

"I got it."

Armin's stop would definitely help, but for Shiina, getting help was only part of the tactics.

"But make sure you do this. If you cast Stop just to save me, I won't respect you again."

"Okay. Promise me."

Armin answered without thinking.

If he was afraid of being hated by her, he wouldn't have left Ivory Tower and flown to heaven in the first place.

Whether he knew it or not, Shiina snorted and urged him to walk again.

Kuan's feelings watching the two talk from behind were not very good.

What did he expect?

As they shared life and death together, something new would happen from nothing?

Did he expect that Shiina would also have some expectations because she came and suggested it herself?

'Fool.'

Shiina has Armin.

The war is coming to an end, and whichever side wins, this place will be his grave.

"Only death will save me."

"Huh?"

Shiina finally turned around when she heard Kuan whispering softly.

He was not a person who showed his emotions even in normal times, but he did not even give his tactical opinion after entering Hell.

He just looked like he wanted to cut someone with his eyes and spread his energy.

'He's like a child in that respect...'

He was the first to send a congratulatory letter when he became a public 5th class, and he came running when he sent money to suggest going to heaven.

It doesn't make sense that he doesn't know Kuan's sincerity.

He still doesn't show his emotions, but she could feel the resentment buried in his cold chill.

Shiina smiled and made a sarcastic joke.

"Kuan is also the same. You know that the mission is more important than me, right?"

It was a word that subtly revealed that she guessed his feelings, and it was a remark that required great courage for her.
[Translated block]


But Kuan still passed by Shiina's side indifferently without any change in his expression and spat out firmly.

"Don't worry. I don't have the ability to protect anyone."

The magician of the Ivory Tower who conquered time magic was protecting her.

He was grateful that Shiina cared, but he hated being pitied in any situation.

'What did I do wrong?'

A joke that he would never have given normally. Maybe he had gathered courage because this place might be the last.

Shiina, who stuck out her lips, looked at Kuan who was getting farther away.

He was limping more severely on one leg due to fatigue, and perhaps because of that, his back looked more lonely.
[Translated block]