


[792] Beta Fish (2)

* * *

When Shirone and Justin returned to the guild, their subordinates were busy restoring the building they had damaged.

Despite such a big commotion, no one flinched except for acquaintances from nearby guilds.

Although it was a guild with many incidents and accidents, Shirone was sure that the guards had intervened.

"That's enough. Everyone stop."

When Justin spoke, the woman at the counter, who was sobbing in sorrow, stopped cleaning.

"Hey, damn it!"

He couldn't hold back his anger and threw the hammer he was using to nail the boards with a hammering that wasn't even a joke.

'You're the one who broke everything.'

Even though he said he didn't want to fight

"So, is the talk over? It should be a matter that does not claim damages."

Justin spoke to the black-haired man.

"Guild members, so all the guys who are playing somewhere, gather and come to Gader's inn. We'll talk there."

"Yes."

When the black-haired man flew his body quickly, she looked back at Shirone.

"We die together and live together. They are the kids who have been together since the early days of exile. You should be able to say the same thing to them as you did to me."

"Of course."

When Shirone and Justin left the building, two men with swords looked at them, scratching their heads.

"What the hell is going on that they're so serious?"

In the largest room rented at Gader's inn, Shirone spilled the beans to eight mercenaries.

"So... that Habitz, you want the boss to assassinate the emperor of the Gustav Empire?"

"That's correct."

Aeku asked.

"Are you crazy?"

"I don't think it's a bad suggestion."

Shirone looked back at Justin.

"You can't hide forever. If you want to break this chain of karma, now is the chance."

She still didn't answer.

"It's not that you have to do everything. All the preparations will be done by our team, the best elites."

"Then what do you want from me?"

She wanted to know the truth.

"Hatred. We need your hatred."

"Hatred......"

Justin remembers his long life of running away from Habitz without missing a moment.

'Of course I hate him.'

Hit and hit, sometimes killed.

It was a more miserable environment than a wild beast, and before meeting the members, it was a lonelier life than a criminal.

'I want to kill him!'

Her fists clenched and her teeth gritted.

'Habitz

But the moment she imagined the appearance of the demon she had never seen before, a fear that seemed to melt her whole body rushed in.

"Huuuuuu!"

Of course she missed it, but in the end, Habitz destroyed everything except her.

Parents, brothers, sisters, even families of families, brothers and sisters of those families......

'That wasn't murder. It was a bombing.'

There were times when she wanted to know why this disaster came to us.

But when she found out that she was perhaps the only survivor who escaped from Habitz's clutches.

'Revenge? How dare I?'

She tried to calm her shaking wrist, but the more she did, the more the tremor worsened.

'I'm scared.'

Habitz was terrifyingly scary.

"Boss......"

Aeku looked at her pitifully as Justin hit her back of the hand countless times.

"Damn it! Damn it!"

And when her extinction finally calmed down, she glared at Shirone with cold eyes.

"See? This is my reality. I can't even shoot a gun in this state, let alone kill."

"You don't need a gun."

Justin's eyebrows twitched.

"Didn't you say you were going to kill Habitz?"

"Yes. But you will use a short sword."

"What nonsense? I'm a sniper. Close combat is not my major, and even if it's a short sword......"

"No, it's a sniper."

Shirone cut off her words.

"The distance from Habitz will be at least 120 kilometers. You won't be in danger."
[Translated block]
"......You can't shoot anything from that far away."

"That's why I said, what we need is hatred. You can shoot it."

I didn't understand what Shiro was saying from a while ago.

'No, this guy must be right.'

The reason why I still don't understand is because he came from a world that they have not experienced.

Aeku said,

"Let's do it, Captain. This is an opportunity. We don't care, but it's a waste to rot your skills here."

It would have been difficult to expand the power since organizing the mercenary group in the name of Justin.

"Let's settle it coolly and go out to the real world. Besides......"

Aeku blushed and said,

"The captain has to get married too."

At the sudden remark, everyone looked back at Aeku, and the woman at the counter asked in disbelief.

"Do you mean you, Captain......"

"What nonsense! Even though I only have one eye, I can see clearly how a woman looks!"

Justin turned his head.

"Really? I think if it were you, you'd have a thought."

One of Aeku's eyes popped open.

"Re, really?"

"Of course not. Fool."

"......"

Justin, who made Aeku shut up, turned to Shiro again and said,

"Okay, let's say I killed Habitz. But what's next? Who will protect us who assassinated the emperor of the empire?"

"Ah......"

There was such a problem.

"That's naturally from Kashan......"

The table shook with a bang.

"Nonsense. The reward for risking my life is just another escape life? I'm tired of living looking at the faces of the high ones."

Shiro understood her.

"So, do you have anything else you want?"

"Hmm, to answer that, I have to ask first. What the hell is your position? Don't think about cutting it. Even in this noise, the guards don't flinch. I know it's your work."

"Yes. I am a magician belonging to the Ivory Tower."

"Ivory Tower?"

The black-haired man said,

"As far as I know...... It's a place to study magic."

"Oh, what a surprising coincidence. I also learned that in kindergarten."

When Justin sneered, the black-haired man shrugged his shoulders.

"They say it's higher than the king."

"Good."

Justin, who sensed Shiro's social status, twisted his posture and started negotiations.

"Listen well. Justin's mercenary group is small but elite. It's funny to say this after being hit by you......"

"No. Everyone was excellent."

"If you know, the story will be quick. The Guardian King, the top mercenary guild in Arachne, join it. Of course, it's not just joining. You have to give me at least the position of the captain."

"That's a bit......"

"This is not a parachute. This is a proper reward for the life we've been living quietly."

Yahweh is omnipotent, but he cannot force someone to sacrifice for someone else's benefit.

"There's a problem with the guild life. They value not only skills but also contributions. There will be confusion in the guild."

It wasn't just Justin's mercenary group that was united by strong camaraderie.

"What? You can't even do that much, what are you talking about?"

Justin got angry.

"I'm telling you clearly, I will never trade unless it's the Guardian King. This is a struggle for my life."

"Hmm."

Silverling would have been destroyed in Radum, and the only guild he could personally ask for was the Parrot Mercenary Group.

"Marsha sister......"

"What?"

When Shiro came to his senses and raised his head, Justin's men were staring at him with wide eyes.

"What did you just say? Marsha? Clay Marsha?"

"Yes. Do you know the Parrot Mercenary Group?"

Rather, Justin was surprised.

"Of course I know. Parrot is one of the top 10 mercenary guilds in the world. The Fallen Holy Mother. Who doesn't know Marsha in this field?"

'World Top 10 Guild?'
[Translated block]
It took 4 years to achieve this after leaving Galliant.

'Well, because you're smart.'

It seemed that he had properly rolled the huge support he received from Woorin as a reward for helping Miro at Undercoder.

'Yes, if it's a parrot, it's possible.'

The fallen Holy Mother, Clay Marsha.

If she was the mother of the abandoned monks, she would have opened the way to the Justin Mercenary Corps.

"Okay. I'll introduce you to the Parrot Mercenary Corps. I'll also suggest the captain's position. Then is this a deal?"

"No. What kind of deal is this? Of course, after confirming that Marsha's consent has been dropped."

Justin twirled his fingers.

"I heard that you were stationed in the Iron Kingdom until recently, but it's so mysterious. It's better to come as soon as possible. Because my mind can change."

She, who was confident that she had the initiative, raised her lips and watched Shiron's reaction.

"You don't have to go find it yourself."

Shirone asked calmly.

"Do you have a Terraphos sect nearby?"

* * *

As a famous exile country, Arachne had many religions coexisting.

The Terraphos sect was also recruiting believers with a small temple on the outskirts of Bengal.

"Excuse me."

Shirone caught any priest and greeted him.

"Welcome. May the grace of Terraphos be with you. What can I help you with?"

"Do you really believe in Terraphos?"

It's hard to channel without a trance state.

"Of course. The great god Terraphos leads all humans to good. The crowd that condemns evil is……."

"Then please change that god."

"What? What are you saying now……."

As the priest frowned as if it was blasphemy, Shirone sighed and said.

"Archbishop, are you listening?"

At the same time, the priest shivered and looked up at the sky, revealing the whites of his eyes.

"Hexa, this time the Parge case was lucky. If I hadn't filibustered in the council……."

There seemed to be a lot to talk about.

"Oh, let's talk about that next time. I have something to say to a person named Clay Marsha. It's urgent."

"……What is it?"

The disappointment in the voice of the archbishop contained in the priest's voice was revealed, but Shirone did not care and conveyed the words.

Two hours later.

A tavern in the Iron Kingdom.

The executives of the Parrot Mercenary Corps, who rented the entire building for three days, were drinking from noon.

While their mother Marsha was trimming her nails in the corner, the door opened with a clatter.

"Captain. Captain Marsha."

The vice-captain of the 10th team came in holding the back of a white-haired boy who was thrilled.

One of the executives asked.

"What's up? If you came to borrow alcohol, go out."

"No, it's not that. This kid, he can't drink alcohol in the daytime, he's talking nonsense after a nap."

The white-haired boy said.

"It's not nonsense. I saw it. God, God gave me a revelation."

"Come here, our cute baby."

Marsha, who called the white-haired boy, diagnosed his mental state while lowering her eyes.

"You didn't take any medicine? What dream did you have?"

"I have to go to Arachne right now, according to my great god."

Marsha, who smoked a cigarette, laughed bashfully.

"What? Does the god also recognize my beauty? Is he telling me to participate in a beauty contest?"

"They don't even accept documents when they're over thirty."

At Freeman's words, Marsha, who had been pouting her lips, hugged the boy's neck and said.

"So, our baby. Why does that great god tell me to go to Arachne?"

"He, he said this."

The boy did not miss a single letter.

"Hexa, no, Yahweh, no, Shirone is waiting there."

"……Hmm."

She, who had sent the boy away and was lost in thought, exhaled a long smoke.

"What kind of god stutters?"
[Translated block]