
[464] The Call of Ra (6)

'Ikael, why......'

Shirone looked at Ikael with a miserable expression.

Her face, furrowed with her brows, was completely different from the kind impression that remained in his memory.

What was she hiding?

No, why did she change?

After meeting Geofin, she sided with the humans, but that image of her disappeared, and only the dignity of the archangel who controlled the humans with powerful authority remained on her face.

If he had been a little late, the rebel headquarters would have exploded.

Many lives would have been lost.

It was more frightening than the fact that he had hit her, that someone would die by her hand.

"Stop it now. Did you come here to make a peace treaty and then change your mind like flipping your palm?"

"Shirone, there is no eternal peace. I just came to propose a truce. But the human's rebellion has reached the sky, so I will destroy it by the law."

He wants to hear the answer to the question of the disappeared one, Anke Ra.

It is a truce for that purpose only.

He was eager for an answer, even banning the activities of the angels who were no different from fish.

But he couldn't leave the arrogant humans alone.

"The negotiations are broken. I will destroy the rebels here and establish the authority of heaven."

"Do you think it will be that easy?"

Gaold and his party approached behind Shirone.

Around them were hundreds of rebels who had finished preparing for battle and boarded Gurois. The sound of Titan's engine starting was heard from afar.

From Ikael's point of view, it was nothing but trivial.

No human can surpass an archangel. The status of the law itself is different.

If possible, it is a law that transcends the law. Only transcending humans.

'Like him......'

Ikael shook his head firmly.

He would not think anything more.

"Get ready. He's coming."

A thick wariness rose from Ikael's body.

Even without Ataraxia, it was a powerful energy that made the plants tremble.

Shirone and his party tensed up tightly.

Gaold glared at Ikael with an unprecedented fierce look.

The power of the archangel he actually encountered was indeed great.

But he couldn't lose.

Even if he couldn't win, he had a reason why he couldn't lose to him.

Kukukukukukuku!

The ground where Ikael stood was crushed and cracks began to form along the circle.

Her body was ready to pop out with a terrifying explosive power.

The distance she could reach before humans realized it was the entire rebel headquarters.

In other words, the first target is bound to die.

He intended not to get involved in this incident as much as possible, but even Cage B team had no choice but to take a defensive stance from a distance.

'The first target to be eliminated is......'

Ikael jumped out.

'Shirone.'

He banned the activities of the angels, but the archangels who were born from the original concept were not bound by Ra's law.

Therefore, he must have already looked at the situation here in real time with 'Bending'.

Ikael took in Shirone's appearance as she approached gradually.

It was such a fast speed that all the scenery including Shirone seemed to stop as if time had stopped.

'I have to show my will or else the authority of the archangel will be shaken.'

He had already shown a lot of ridiculous things.

If he shakes more here, the archangels will act on their own outside of Ikael's authority, and if that happens, there will be a huge obstacle in fulfilling Ra's will.

'Therefore......'

He eliminates Shirone.

At this point when he thought so far, his body had narrowed down about half of the distance with Shirone.

Then slowly the scenery moved.

Babel and Gaold tilted their centers almost at the same time and then Sain and Zulu, Armin showed their movements.

Next came Gangnan, then Etella, Shiina, Kuan took a counterattack posture.
[Translated block]


```text
Even until the end, when Flu performed automatic actions by the Dawkins algorithm, Shirone did not move.

In the state of diamond armor, cognitive ability increases tremendously.

Therefore, the result of immobility could be said to be entirely his choice.

Being quick-witted is a kind of unfortunate thing.

You see things you don't have to see, and you think things you don't have to think.

Ikael clenched his teeth and raised his nails at Shirone.

He will rip out his heart.

He reached out five fingers toward Shirone's heart, dodging the whip that Babel swung.

The wind that had been blowing from tens of meters away hit Shirone, pushing his robe back.

At the same time, Ikael's hand stopped abruptly.

'Why…….'

Shirone's sorrowful face was revealed.

'Are you crying?'

Tears were flowing from his lovely eyes.

It was a more powerful restraint than the authority of the archangel, or even Anke Ra.

How much did he throw away everything to this boy?

While everyone's movements trying to counterattack were stopped, Shirone said in a choking voice.

"I just wanted to hug you like before... just once...."

Ikael's glory body began to shake violently at Shirone's voice.

The memory was erased. But the memory of being erased was not erased.

It was a deep emotion that was bigger than the universe, buried in the thin edge of erasure that might be thinner than a particle.

She truly lost her memory, but she realized for sure that it was a memory that should never have been lost.

She had to accept that it was something too precious, whatever it was.

Ikael slowly lowered his hand.

He couldn't hug Shirone, but he couldn't hurt him either.

'I have to accept it.'

Ikael slowly backed away.

It felt like the tension that was weighing on everyone's shoulders was lifted by several tons every time she took a step back.

When Ikael returned to his original position. A brilliant panel appeared in front of her, and a triangular Mara appeared.

Only a few of Gaold's party knew that Ashura was the best swordsman in heaven.

"Ikael."

"Tell me."

Ikael spoke with his eyes still on Shirone.

The reason for his casual tone was because he already guessed it.

"It's a backlash. Kariel summoned fire giants to the second heaven and Uriel sympathized with him. The remaining archangels also scattered to various places in heaven with different purposes."

They also realized it.

Ikael had regained his original power, but he had a different fatal flaw than before.

If he can't rule everyone with his powerful power, the archangels will act according to their own judgments.

Of course, there are only Kariel and Uriel who are so out of line as to refuse Anke Ra's prophecy in the first place where angel activity is prohibited.

But at least the three Maras under the other archangels were in a free situation.

'It is indeed a turbulent period in heaven. But this is also my share.'

Ikael asked.

"How are the ordinary angels?"

"They are not going outside of Jebool. As long as they are bound by the higher law of archangel, they will not be able to do anything foolish."

It's not something you can guarantee.

If one of the archangels causes another backlash, it will affect the ordinary angels as well.

"Let's go back. The negotiation has failed."

Ashura nodded and looked back at Shirone with an uneasy expression.

The sin Ikael committed was erased by restoring her memory, but only Ikael lost his memory.

Therefore, Ashura had some idea of ​​the relationship between Ikael and Shirone.

But that was rather an extremely abnormal and dangerous thing.

To perfectly restore Ikael's memory, it would be best to reset it. Because even variables won't occur if you erase the incident itself.
```
[Translated block]


```
But he didn't do that.

'No, couldn't he?'

Could that be possible?

Even with the Ultima system, he couldn't stop Ra's reset.

Therefore, he couldn't do it, which meant that there was a situational constraint that had nothing to do with Ra's ability.

'That is, Ra is currently in a situation where he can't attempt a reset.'

An electrical signal meaning shiver ran through Ashur's body.

'Damn it! That's right. The timeline we're in right now...'

He stabbed and entered before the bottom event was completed.

Therefore, the war between heaven and the rebels was only a visible situation, and behind it, a high-level psychological warfare was unfolding.

Probably someone, group, organization, or something bigger than that on the human side.

'That's why Imir doesn't move. It's completely twisted.'

If they try to create a variable first over there, the event they are experiencing now is the first event out of the reset.

That is, raw timelines are flowing in the meantime.

Even Jigo's mental body, an angel, can't predict the variables of time flowing beyond causality.

Anke Ra is not suppressing the war, but rather fighting alone.

With someone who controls the timeline on the other side of humanity.

'Then I have to keep my mouth shut.'

He didn't know what effect today's trivial variables would have on heaven, so he had no choice but to follow Ra's judgment for now.

Embracing the frustration of not being able to predict even the near future, Ashur sent a signal to Ikael to go back.

When Ikael was about to fly up, Gaold asked.

"Where is Miro?"

The rebels' momentum was broken by today's event, but Gaold would come. That's why Kariel must have locked Miro in Lakia.

"He's in Second Heaven."

Ikael obediently spilled it out.

She vaguely felt what Ashur was thinking.

It was better to tie up Kariel and Uriel, who were the most dangerous factors, to some extent in order to command the seven archangels.

"I see. Let's go find him."

Ikael didn't answer and flew up like light and disappeared from everyone's sight at headquarters.

* * *

The atmosphere at rebel headquarters was solemn.

They were the ones who ruined the unprecedented proposal from heaven, so they couldn't blame anyone.

The officers held a heated meeting all night without deciding on a war, and Gaold and his party kept their thoughts in their hearts and regained their spirits.

Whatever decision they make, the project must proceed.

That was true not only for Gaold but also for Shirone.

'Ikael...'

Why did she act so obsessively towards him?

If it was just a misunderstanding, it would be over if he admitted it.

But in the end she couldn't attack.

In that hesitating tremor, there was a word that Shirone really wanted to hear.

There was a knock on the door and Sein came in and Shirone tried to smile.

The reason why it was slightly bitter was because he guessed why he visited.

"How do you feel?"

It was strange that he, a servant, cared about his emotions, but he didn't feel bad either.

"I don't know yet. It doesn't feel real."

"Don't ask me what kind of relationship you and Ikael have."

Sein was sincere.

That was Shirone's problem.

"I know. I fulfilled the contract terms so I won't hesitate either. Please come up with an operation to activate God's punishment."

Sein nodded his head.

For now, that was the most important agenda item.

"If any part of Ikael was different from what you expected..."

Sein brought up the second agenda item.

"That might be because Anke Ra's Akashic Record has been activated."

"Are you saying Ikael lost her memory?"

"That's a possibility. If part changes, whole changes. Anke Ra is whole so it doesn't matter how it changes, but we are going to use the variables that came out of there. Ikael also falls into that category of variables."
```
[Translated block]


Shirone understood what Sein wanted to say.

It meant that the war was not over yet.

"You will perform an independent mission. It's best for Zulu to support you, but we have some friction on our side. Flu will join you."

Shirone was happy.

As she felt in the second command, Flu was the most reliable ally.

"Yes. I'm very happy."

"Rest. I'll let you know when the operation is set up."

Sein finished his business briefly and turned his body.

As he opened the door and left, Shirone said.

"Thank you."

Sein closed the door while pondering his last words.

"......It's just part of the tactics."

Surely it would be, but Shirone felt much lighter than before.

'Ikael.'

She would meet her.

That was the only reason she came to heaven.
[Translated block]