
[551] Code Breakdown (4)

"Miro... sir?"

A face that he could never forget entered Shiro's eyes.

They had fought against the army of heaven together, but they had been active in their own regions, so he didn't even know that she was alive.

"Long time no see. How have you been?"

The second face-to-face meeting since they met in Miro's space-time.

Instead of the holy feeling of that time, a realistic sense of reality came first, but her beautiful appearance was the same.

"How did this happen? Why are you here...?"

"Sit down first. You've been starving for quite a long time."

A signal came from his stomach as if to answer.

He sat down at the table without a sound and Miro put some grass porridge in a bowl for him.

"Eat. There's plenty."

"Yes, I'll eat well."

He was so hungry that he would go crazy if he didn't eat anything, so Shiro put a big spoonful in his mouth as soon as he picked up the spoon.

'It's tasteless.'

The bitterness that exceeded his imagination made the porridge flow down like a waterfall and fill the bowl again.

Miro held his chin with both hands and smiled with his eyes.

"What's wrong? Is your jaw uncomfortable?"

"Is this... some kind of medicine, to cure me?"

"No. It's just my breakfast."

He had nothing to say back and looked at her as Miro reached out his hand toward the bowl.

"If you don't want to eat, eat it next time."

"No, no!"

Shiro hurriedly swallowed the bitter porridge.

As he ate, he thought that maybe she was worried about the state of his stomach after starving for a long time, but maybe this was just Miro's skill.

Anyway, it was satisfying to feel something going into his stomach.

While he was eating, Miro told him what had happened in the meantime.

The events that happened in heaven, how Teresa and Miro cooperated to enter Apocalypse to save Shiro from the debt of Valhalla Action.

"Lian..."

Shiro felt his nose sting.

The undercoder was just a copy of information, so it had nothing to do with memory, but he remembered Lian fighting for his life as if he had seen it with his own eyes.

"Lian suffered. Of course, I suffered the most."

Miro smiled and Shiro realized his mistake and added more.

"Thank you. Miro sir and Marsha sister and Fermi too. I owe you a debt that I can't handle."

"That's right. But you'll have to pay it soon."

Shiro blinked his eyes as he finished a bowl of porridge and put down the dishes.

"Pay it? What do you mean?"

"You thought I saved you for free? Follow me. You have something to do from now on."

Miro left without even clearing the dishes and went outside the hut.

When Shiro stepped out of the door, he saw a mountain scenery with a late summer freshness.

"Where is this?"

"Where is this? This is where you're going to roll like a beast from now on."

"Roll like a beast?"

Miro didn't answer and went into a small training hall behind the hut.

Inside the wooden building, there were candles lit along the wall and nothing else except two cushions.

"Sit down. Follow what I teach you well from now on."

He sat facing Miro, but Shiro had no idea what was going on.

It was only two hours ago that he got out of the debt of Valhalla Action.

He didn't even have the thought that he had come back alive from heaven, and more than anything, he thought of his parents and friends who were waiting for him.

"Excuse me... are we training?"

"Maybe. Why, don't you want to?"

"No, no, it's not that..."

Shiro asked cautiously.

"Can I at least contact my family first?"

Miro's face, which had been smiling, suddenly turned cold.

"Don't be rude, Shiro."

Hwururuk, the candles tilted toward Shiro all at once.

He swallowed saliva involuntarily as he faced her eyes like a night cat.

"What you experienced in heaven is already over. What's left in front of you is the graduation exam of magic school. Your competitors are training fiercely right now. Or what? Do you think you can graduate easily with your current skills?"
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone, who was lost in thought, looked straight at Miro and said.

"Yes."

Miro sighed with relief.

"That's right. Actually, I think so too."

Shirone's magic improved by leaps and bounds in heaven.

It was a word that came out of the judgment of analyzing his own situation coldly, not arrogant or vain, that he would be enough to pass even in the graduation class.

"You are strong. It's fair to say that there are hardly any people to compare with among your peers. Of course, Valhalla Action has been sealed for the time being, but it's a function installed in Armand anyway, so it's separate from the graduation test."

Shirone waited for the next words with a calm attitude.

"You will be able to graduate. But that doesn't guarantee that you will definitely become a magician."

"What do you mean?"

"Literally. The graduation test is only to determine whether or not to graduate, and what kind of organization you will work for and what kind of life you will live as a magician depends entirely on the evaluation of the scout."

"I heard that from Mr. Colly. So it's up to the individual to digest the graduation class schedule."

"That's right. And I'll tell you for sure..."

Miro twisted his lips slightly and said.

"You won't be able to become a magician."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Magician..."

"Exactly, the magician you want. You can get an unlicensed certificate when you graduate from Alpheus Magic School. You can become a mercenary, and there will be a way to get into the Black Line. But don't even dream of becoming an official magician and entering the association or rising to a high position in the kingdom's magic department."

It felt like a fire had been lit in his heart and his stomach was turning upside down.

"Why?"

"Because you killed God."

"......"

"Whatever you do, it's the minority rulers who move the world. The powers of each country are watching you. Theresa won't abandon you, but she's only one of the three emperors in the temple. What about the other two emperors? I guarantee you, you'll be caught up in all kinds of political strife, used and torn apart, and thrown away."

It didn't resonate realistically, but it was probably true.

It was because Miro himself had been under the check of the world leaders through 20 trials.

"Do you now realize reality? I also created a dimensional wall and was trapped for 20 years. Of course it was an act of my own will, but if I had refused, I would have died. Just like my family was destroyed."

Shirone suppressed the urge to cry sadly.

"The strongest Prajna who blocked heaven's army. That is the title given to me. Of course, when viewed as a single entity, I am strong enough. But Shirone, above humans is a nation. There is a system stronger than force. Even Gauld, whom you know, lived quietly for 20 years to save me."

"...Then what should I do from now on?"

"Get stronger."

Miro's answer was simple.

"Graduation is not a problem. No country will come forward until you graduate. Theresa will also use her power. The real storm is after graduation. In that time, you have to be strong enough to at least protect your body."

All sorts of thoughts disappeared from Shirone's head.

"I'll tell you how to become a magician later. But that's also after getting stronger."

"Yes. I understand. I'll start right away."

Miro thought it was comfortable to talk to someone who changed their attitude quickly and told him his plan.

"I'll guide you, but what you have to focus on most while you're with me is not magic."

Shirone tilted his head.

"What else is there besides magic?"

"Avatar technique."

It was an avatar technique spoken by the strongest human being.

"Everyone has an avatar. They just don't realize it. And even if they realize it, it's another problem to use it as a skill."

Miro showed him an example.

Behind her, Guan Yin's avatar rose up and opened twelve arms like petals.
```
[Translated block]
이건 번역한 결과입니다.

"This is..."

"Cheonsugwanseum. If Banya is to reveal the incarnation outside the body with mental transcendence, the will of Banya affects the laws of the world."

Miro's eyes widened as Guaneum's arms flew in.

Shirone didn't react until his palm pierced his body, and his heart throbbed belatedly.

"You would have died if you really did it."

Shirone nodded with a stiff expression.

"This is just a work of mind. It's just that the work is materialized and appears by mental transcendence. This can also be called a technique in its own way...."

As he said that, Miro closed his eyes and Guaneum's incarnation began to grow.

The size that filled the training hall, Shirone opened his mouth and looked up at the ceiling.

"It's possible to do this if you polish it."

Mental transcendence-one with water.

As Guaneum followed Miro's movements and clasped his hands, hundreds of candles went out with a click.

No one opened their mouth while the smell of burning wicks permeated the air.

The wall side flashed and Miro's figure lighting candles one by one was seen.

"......How did you do that?"

"It's simple. As many arms of Guaneum as there are candles grabbed the wick at the same time. You just didn't see it."

"Can the power of the incarnation also affect things?"

"Not anyone can do it. The incarnation is different for each person and their own personality also works. The realm is fixed and I just applied it through scale magic."

Miro, who lit all the candles with Ignite, sat down.

"The basics of incarnation art are to strengthen the incarnation. There are various ways, but it's boring to be too biased towards Tao, so let's make it easy to understand with a series formula."

"Yes. I also learned series formulas."

Miro chuckled.

"What you learn in magic school is how many seconds it takes to zero back, things like that. But the incarnation is different in dimension."

Miro's finger quickly drew a horizontal line.

"Zero back, that is, the speed of the series formula increases mental power. Use the concentration of counting 100 in 1 second. Therefore, unless the speed continues to increase, mental power does not increase endlessly."

Shirone had also experienced it in the practical exam.

"On the other hand, what is important in dealing with incarnation skills is the enormity of numbers. It's about applying the size of numbers to incarnations. Let's try it now. You're Banya too, so it'll be easy to apply."

"Yes, I'll try."

Shirone took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

As he entered mental transcendence, a faint image of an angel with wings of light appeared.

'Strengthen this with a series formula.'

Using modularization learned at school, he quickly broke through zero back and entered thousands, tens of thousands.

'Not yet?'

About five minutes later Miro yawned.

How many numbers did he have to count before he could strengthen his incarnation?

'Then......!'

Shirone opened Immortal Function with pride.

It was dangerous to completely expand and skip numbers, so he adjusted it, but the enormity of numbers increased exponentially.

Shirone's incarnation began to become clear and then revealed a clear boundary line as the afterimage disappeared.

"Huh!"

The moment he escaped from the series, Shirone gasped roughly.

"Not bad. It's amazing to succeed from the beginning. So, how many did you count?"

Shirone recalled and said as he caught his breath.

"Um, 58 billion 87 million 21 thousand...."

"That's enough."

Miro cut off his words as soon as the first digit came out.

"It doesn't matter if you're late, but it's too small for 10 minutes. You can't handle incarnations like that."

"Then how far did Miro go?"

"Me? Hmm. I didn't really do series formulas. For example, when I turned off the candles earlier...."

Miro said as he crossed his arms and frowned.

"It wouldn't have exceeded Kyung (10^16), would it?"

"Kyung...."

He couldn't think of anything but that it wasn't a unit that humans could count.

"Why are you so surprised? This is where you have to reach during your vacation."
[Translated block]


Shirone's face turned pale.

"Me? Me?"

"You can do it. I'll help you."

Miro had a talent that was unprecedented in human history, but he still wasn't sure.

"I won't say it's easy. But you can't be scared from the start. You've entered that kind of world."

Miro recalled an incident that happened a while ago.

"There was a situation where I had to stop Satan from heaven. It took some time, but I finally delivered the best blow. If you look at the avatar technique I used at that time as a series formula, what do you think it would be?"

Shirone couldn't dare to guess and shook his head. Miro raised his index finger and said.

"One."

"One?"

"Unimaginable."

Shirone started to count as he had seen in the books, feeling the unfamiliar unit.

'Jo, gyeong, hae, ja, yang, gu, gan, jeong, jae, geuk, hanghasa, aseunggi, nayuta.'

As the unit got bigger, his pupils gradually rolled up.

'Unimaginable....'

It was 10 to the 64th power.
[Translated block]