
 a miracle.

Sirene smiled faintly and looked at Flue.

She nodded, and Flue took out a tablet from her backpack.

She tapped on the screen, and a holographic map of the Heaven's territory appeared in the air.

"Here is our plan." Flue began to explain.
[Translated block]


“Hmph, nonsense.”

Adding up the existing heretics and the new believers who came from heaven, hundreds of thousands of rebels fought against heaven, but there were few cases where they achieved any significant results.

The alliance of Nor and Mecca could not even catch a third-angle Mara, let alone an ordinary angel.

What can they do with just 10 more humans?

“We will paralyze the Aegis system with Tachis. Then we can infiltrate heaven and conduct guerrilla warfare.”

The Aegis system, the core air defense system of heaven, determines the interception order with 200 kinds of detection methods and can attack 7,000 targets at the same time with an impregnable defense barrier.

If they could break through it and enter without bloodshed, it would be a ray of hope for the rebels.

“Hehehehe.”

Crud covered his face and gasped.

“I don't know where you heard the word Tachis, but that's one of the technologies that have already been lost in Mecca.”

Crud lowered his hand and was no longer laughing.

“Think logically. The angels wouldn't just leave behind a technology that could paralyze heaven's interception system. To revive the technology, you have to access the Akashic Records. But to do that, you have to break through the Aegis system first. Do you get it now? The order is reversed, you idiot.”

Sein leaned back on the chair back and crossed his legs.

“What if…… I have that technology?”

“What?”

Crud's face went blank.

“What are you talking about?”

“There's no rule that says it's also lost in the land of earth just because it's lost in heaven. I've been traveling around the world for 20 years, researching everything about ancient weapons. And right now, I have a perfectly restored design of Tachis in my head. How about that? Is your brain working now?”

Crud's eyes began to look confused.

“If it's a lie…….”

“I can restore it right now. There is no oblivion in my head. You're an engineer too, so you'll be convinced enough if you see the blueprint.”

‘I see. That's why he was on the Black Line…….’

Shirone looked at Sein differently.

Ancient weapons were top secret regardless of the kingdom.

It was a dangerous thing to risk being executed by just accessing information, but he did it only to save Miro.

“Hmm…….”

Crud was also confused now.

Who are these people? Why are they trying to do what hundreds of thousands of rebels couldn't?

‘No, what matters is the success rate.’

Even if they paralyze Aegis and enter heaven, angels, maras, giants and fairies are waiting.

It was like jumping into a fire with gunpowder on your back to defeat them and infiltrate Arabot where Anke Ra was.

‘But I can still jump in. There's a one percent chance.’

Is this a miracle? Or is it the last twitch of a candle that burns brightest just before it goes out?

“There are three…… conditions.”

It was more than he expected, but Sein felt more confident. It was evidence that Crud was dealing with the current plan realistically.

“Let me hear it.”

Crud counted his fingers and said.

“First, use Shirone, the light of 73rd district, to persuade the second command. Even if we infiltrate heaven, it's useless if Mecca and Nor don't unite.”

“That makes sense. What's next?”

“Second, even if we have a blueprint, we can't make a large-scale Tachis that affects the whole heaven here. We have to borrow a factory from the mainland, so get their approval.”

Sein recalled when he first met the rebels.

“The military supply community?”

“Yeah. To be exact, it's a defense company called 'Yamang'. They are an emerging force that grew rapidly by taking advantage of heaven's civil war, and they monopolize weapon production by seizing all military-industrial complexes. They are detestable bastards to the rebels. But we can't fight a full-scale war with heaven without their help.”

“Okay. What's the last condition?”

Crud hesitated for the first time to make a proposal.

He didn't know how great Shirone's party was, but it wasn't something that a single team could do.
[Translated block]


“To make a Tagis, you probably need a black elixir.”

“Black elixir?”

“Most of the creatures in heaven absorb the life stream that flows through the planet and produce elixirs. There are five types. Red, green, yellow, white, and finally black.”

“Does it have to be black? As far as I know, elixirs can be bypassed depending on the mixing and ratio of ingredients?”

“Elixirs have unique effects depending on the type. Red generates heat, green generates biochemical elements, yellow changes energy properties, white involves atmospheric elements. The rocks of heaven are so durable that they do not weather even after tens of thousands of years. That's why you need an elixir that contains the power of the planet.”

Crud pointed to the warehouse.

“For example, if you want to cast metal for one Guroi, you need 8,000 red elixirs, but if you mix white elixirs, the heat reaction efficiency is much higher. You can also generate electricity by mixing white and yellow. Elixirs are the means to make everything in this world.”

Flu asked.

“Then what does black elixir do?”

Crud looked at Flu's face for a moment, then turned his gaze to Sein and answered.

“Black elixir, simply put, governs time.”

“Time? Is it magic?”

“No. To be precise, it reverses or accelerates irreversible phenomena. If you use black elixir on a liquid mixed with ink and water, it will separate into ink and water again. If you have a burn, you can use black and green elixirs to repair cell damage.”

“How can that be......”

Syrone couldn't believe it.

It was a phenomenon that ignored the chemical laws he had learned at school.

The black liquid that melted living things and restructured them into giant statues.

A cruel ritual that melted humans and put them in giant statues and made them like puppets.

The reason why it felt more cruel was because it was a strange phenomenon that he could not understand at all with his head.

The black liquid that melts and restructures living things.

If such a thing is possible in this world, black elixir must be involved, which ignores chemical reactions.

Sein understood Crud's intention.

“You use the philosopher's stone to shorten the production process of Tagis, are you talking about that now?”

“That's right. You can make Tagis with existing elixirs. But just melting and extracting metal from rocks will take all your time. I'll provide the equipment. Whether it's Guroi or whatever, melt everything with black elixir and process the metal you need for Tagis. This is one of the three conditions I proposed.”

Armin asked.

“What are the chances if you collect them by hunting?”

Crud shook his head.

“Zero percent. Black elixir is not created in living bodies. It is an element that can only be obtained from beings who have transcended the flow of time, namely the dead.”

If the way living things collect energy from the planet varies depending on their nature, it was a plausible thing considering the non-ideality of the philosopher's stone.

“In the eroded valley north of the mainland, there are undead creatures living there. But even if you catch a thousand of them, you might get one or not. In other words, it means less than 0.1 percent chance.”
[Translated block]


```text
Gaold spoke calmly.

"What do you want us to do?"

"There is one place. A place where you can get a black elixir with a 30 percent, no, 50 percent chance."

Sein asked.

"Where is that?"

Crud hesitated again here.

But realizing that he couldn't stop once he spoke, he opened his mouth with his eyes wide open.

"The world of the dead, Niflheim."
```
[Translated block]