


```
Rain (3)

"Teraphos existed before humans, and they achieved a superior civilization than them."

The chief justice walked around the earth temple, and Taesung followed him with his eyes.

"They endlessly explored the essence of the world. Where is the end, where is the beginning. Whether such a thing actually exists. The conclusion we came to was...

The chief justice stopped and looked back at Taesung.

"This world is electricity." It was true, but Taesung couldn't say anything.

"And we are already using electricity. The hypothesis that can be obtained through its reflection is...

The chief justice's finger went up.

"Electricity was supplied from somewhere and the universe was born. Just like we supply power to machines."

The chief justice turned his back.

"What about before? Nothing. Only nothingness. A state where there was no existence, not even a reason to exist."

It is called the off state.

"We wondered. Then why was this world born? What does it exist for?"

They dug endlessly.

"And what we discovered was the Akashic Record. The cosmic database, the existence of Ankhela."

According to its definition.

"Ankhela, who dreams of the universe, cannot criticize himself. Because it is not a dream when he realizes it. Therefore, he thinks that he is unique, and he cannot doubt that he was created by someone else."

"But he started to doubt."

"Yes. The result of Gaia, who broke the Akashic Record and escaped from the electromagnetic field, contradicted him."

It was an event that tarnished Ankhela's uniqueness.

"Why did Ankhela get absorbed by me?"

The chief justice who asked the question answered himself.

"Because Gaia's blood flows in humans. The fact that Gaia escaped means that this place, which is the end for us, is not the end for humans."

"A world made for humans."

"Or a world made by humans. In fact, humans are gods, and they adopted that concept in this world."

It was a painful assumption for everyone except humans.

"Teraphos accepted it. It was surprisingly easy. Rather, it gave us a new role when everything was meaningless after passing through the technological singularity."

Although it might have been already designed.

"Teraphos delved into the reason for existence. And they came to the conclusion that they would seek stability in the world as judges of the universe. Something like a fault software system."

Taesung turned his eyes to the screen on the ground.

"You sent an ark to save humans in the same context."

Now all living things except humans were extinct in Gustav Empire.

"Humans have a unique code. Of course, it changes in real time, but Teraphos's information collection ability is the best in the universe. They will be safe as long as they are trapped in the magnetic shield."

Taesung asked a question.

"What about Kai? Why didn't he get protection from the shield? Is it because he reached Idea?"

The chief justice shook his head.

"I said humans have a unique code. It's a temporary code. But Idea is different. A perfect user code that never changes. Lian is the only one among the current survivors who has that code."

Lian was protected by the magnetic shield.

"Then what about Kai?"

"The activation condition of the magnetic shield is the inner sound generated by a specific code. Kai...

The chief justice raised his head and said.

"He didn't want it."

"He didn't want it means...

"Well. It's hard to express emotions in words. He just didn't have any more desire for life than other codes. Just that."

"Did his anger... subside?"

Shirone, who had been chewing on Kai's words, clenched his fist.

"How could that be? Think about what you did to humans! So many innocent people died! Seongeum will wander in hell forever! Why! Why did you lie!"

Even though Kai died, hell did not appear.
```

What do you think of this story? Do you like science fiction?
[Translated block]


"I met Rian before I fought with you."

Shirone's shoulder flinched.

If this situation was not a dream but reality, Shirone would have killed Rian's brother.

"I thought you were hopeless when you acted immaturely, but today I saw that you really grew up well. You became stronger than me."

"Rian is different from you humans."

Shirone tried hard to separate Rian and Guy.

"Haha."

Guy acknowledged with a laugh.

He briefly rested his chin and his eyes showed a faint emotion as he was lost in thought.

Rian's back came to his mind.

"......I thought I could do anything to become stronger. Right and wrong didn't matter to me."

Guy spread his arms as if seeking agreement.

"Honestly, isn't that true? In the end, the winner is right. I thought that if I really became strong, things like moral conscience or justice would not matter at all."

It sounded like a last will, so Shirone couldn't interrupt him.

"I finally understood Rian's words... to live with responsibility."

"I can't live like that. The moment I saw what was on that youngest kid's shoulder, I got sick of it. How can he live like that?"

So he ran away, but he had something to say to Shirone.

"Rian is the strong one."

The person who can take the most responsibility is the strongest.

"He said he was a friend. Please take good care of my brother from now on."

"......What are you doing?"

Shirone clenched his teeth.

"What difference does it make to say that now! Don't act like family all of a sudden! Do you think I will forgive you? You are a murderer!"

It had to be a dream.

"What about the dead! The lives of those who were sacrificed for no reason! If you die......

Guy shouldn't die.

"How do you want me to explain to Rian!"

Guy smiled brightly.

"There's no need to explain. Just dump it on that stupid guy. Tell him to take responsibility."

"Is that what a brother should say!"

"He's a strong guy."

Guy closed his eyes.

"That's a knight."

He wanted to be like Rian.

The light connected to Guy gradually faded, and Shirone's face turned pale.

"Wait! If this goes on......

Finally, the light disappeared, and Guy's body became blurry and began to be buried in the darkness.

Eternal annihilation.

"Nooooo!"

Shirone reached out desperately, but no signal reached his senses.

Kurururururu.

The black clouds that filled the sky began to change color and then turned transparent.

"Rain, rain......

The people who were hiding under the shield looked up and saw a huge ship floating in the clear sky.

"Shirone."

Rian immediately swung his sword at the dome.

There was a huge roar, but the dome did not break, and the shock wave swept through the narrow space.

"Kuuuuuuu!"

The reason why it couldn't be easily destroyed was because Idea's realm was also a kind of electric signal.

"Yaaaaaa!"

Rian swung his sword relentlessly without caring about his body being destroyed.

'Shirone! Shirone!'

He didn't understand why the rain that destroyed the world was pouring down for some reason.

But whenever such a cataclysmic phenomenon occurred, Shirone was always there.

'Wait!'

Woo woo woo woo woong!

As the sword vibrated and hit the dome, there was a huge explosion and the magnetic shield broke.

"The hex program has ended." The face of the Teraphos race was not suitable for expressing emotions, but the Grand Judge was clearly confused.

"What happened?"

Taesung's eyes widened as he looked at the ground.

"Shirone..."

The particles of Hexa that were reflected on the screen gathered densely and were restored to Shirone's body.

"That's impossible. You can't find your flesh again after you've turned into a signal."
[Translated block]
According to Jiron of Teraphos, there is no creation code.

"No."

The chief justice raised his head sharply.

"Is that so. What is this idea..."

"Shirone is back!"

Taesung exclaimed with joy, but the chief justice's expression was surprisingly serious.

"Is it not over yet?"

" The ark?"

"They're taking it away. They're canceling the selection too. But I don't know if this situation is a boon or a bane."

The chief justice's words were very meaningful, but Taesung turned his body to the screen and smiled.

"Thank you."

That was the only thing he could say to Shirone, who was waiting for a terrible pain.

"Huh?"

Shirone's mind came to his senses and the previous events passed by like a dream.

"Wounds??????

When he looked at his chest, the place where he had been pierced by Kai's sword had healed without a trace.

But more than that, what was strange was that his anger, which had grown without limit, had disappeared.

"Where am I?" As if he had come to a completely different planet, all that came into Shirone's eyes was an endless horizon.

"It's all gone."

Kai had said.

Do you know what you did?

"No."

He didn't know what kind of disaster Yahweh's wrath had brought to the world, but one thing was clear.

Kai's words were true.

"I, I..."

Shirone, who weakly knelt down, searched for Kai's body, which had left no trace.

"It can't be. It can't be..."

It wasn't a dream?

"I killed them all. People, Lian's brother, all living things... animals, plants, not even a single blade of grass left."

"Shirone!"

Shirone's head snapped up at Lian's voice.

"Lian??????

Lian, who ran up in an instant, grabbed Shirone's shoulder and shook him.

"Are you okay? What happened?"

"Lian, you... you're safe."

"People are safe. Some kind of shield spread out. It must have been that flying object."

As Shirone looked at the departing ship, Lian briefly told him what had happened.

"A rain of light fell..."

He didn't see it with his own eyes, but it was a phenomenon he had created himself, and it was horrible just to imagine it.

'I tried to destroy the world.' Lian comforted his shoulder.

"It's okay. Anyway, we're safe. The demons are all wiped out. Let's go back. We have to find my brother."

Shirone's heart sank.

"My brother must have been protected by the shield too. Tsk, he should have listened when I told him to come with me."

" Lian..."

Lian didn't hear Shirone's voice and kept looking around for Kai.

"Did he run away already? Did he get hurt or something..."

" Lian!"

Shirone couldn't stand watching Lian worry about his brother and lowered his head and shouted.

"Why are you like that? Your face is pale."

Shirone pursed his lips.

His mind turned white and what came to his mind was his self-destructive language.

"I killed him."

"Huh?"

"I killed Kai."

Lian's eyes settled calmly.

"I don't know. It seemed like a dream, but no, it wasn't a dream. Kai seemed to save me. So I..."

"Shirone."

Lian approached him with a calm voice and Shirone cried out in tears.

"Lian! I killed your family...!"

Lian hugged Shirone with his broad shoulders.

"It's okay."

It was scary because he knew it was sincere.

"All I need is for you to be alive. I don't care who you killed, as long as you're safe. I'll take responsibility for everything."

Tears ran down Shirone's cheeks.

"You're exhausted. You've been fighting non-stop. Rest a little. You'll feel better after a nap."

Lian was a kind child, so he couldn't be okay.

'He says he'll take on even that.'

Shirone had no choice but to rely on Lian even for his soul, and his consciousness began to fade away.
[Translated block]


At that moment, Guy's words came to mind.

'The demon world, Yahweh's wrath...

The strongest one is Lian.'
[Translated block]