


```text
[408] Final Decision (8)

It was a gloomy day.

She rolled up her clothes and packed dry food and first aid supplies in case of an emergency.

She grabbed the military backpack full of stuff with her right hand and went into the slot of the cubic.

Shirone, who was holding Arman and checking his sword, stored it in the second slot of the cubic.

Loading weight 38.7 kg. It was optimal to pack it with some extra space left.

"......"

Shirone looked around the room to see if anything was missing and checked the time.

She checked the time and took out Maya's letter, which she had carefully tucked away in her desk drawer, and read it again.

Maya fell in love with Shirone on the day of the presentation of the Supernatural Spirit Science Research Society.

She felt like it was fate when Shirone stood in front of her at the graduation party.

The reason she asked who she wanted to kiss was actually half-joking and half-serious, and she said it was the result of such a frivolous delusion that she might choose herself.

Her heart was engraved on a four-page letter. It was a confession that she put more effort into conveying her sincerity than decorating and packaging.

If you accept my heart, come to the park at midnight two days later.

I won't resent or hate you even if you don't come.

I wish you showed me your sincerity this time. I love you.

Shirone folded the letter along the line Maya had folded and put it in an envelope. She tucked it carefully into her pocket as if she were taking care of something precious and gently pressed it with her palm.

"Maya......"

Shirone left the dormitory early. How could he make her wait on such a day?

He arrived at the park 10 minutes early.

He waited for Maya to come under the only lit lamp.

Ding. Ding. Ding.

The bell rang at midnight.

Dark clouds thickened and a rainstorm blew in. Thunder was heard from afar, and cold raindrops fell.

Swoosh!

Numerous percussion instruments disturbed Shirone's hearing.

Water droplets flowed down under his wet hair, and his clothes became heavier as they absorbed water.

Shirone looked at the way Maya came.

Ding.

The bell rang at 1 o'clock.

Maya still hadn't come by then.

He heard someone walking behind him, making a splash of water.

The raindrops falling over his head were blocked, and only then did Shirone turn around.

Amy was standing there holding an umbrella.

The two just looked into each other's eyes.

Amy wished Shirone would speak first, and Shirone had nothing to say to her.

Amy's emotions, which had been suppressed, finally exploded.

Resentment, anger, embarrassment, betrayal, maybe more than that desperation.

She spat out in a trembling voice as she clenched her teeth.

"Why did you come out?"

Shirone didn't answer.

"Tell me. Why are you here? Are you really with Maya......"

"It's none of your business."

Amy's heart sank.

She knew Maya would confess.

She agreed even though she knew it because she was confident that she had seen Shirone's heart with her eyes. She regretted agreeing because of her anxiety about Maya's courage.

She ran to the park after wandering around her room anxiously, unable to bear it any longer.

Shirone was waiting for Maya. And he was looking at her with such cold eyes right now.

"No. That can't be."

Amy's voice choked up.

"What's wrong? You've been so weird lately. You're weird right now too. Tell me! Tell me what's going on! If you don't tell me, I won't see you anymore."

"Fine. I don't care."

Amy couldn't believe it.

Why did he have to be so cold?

He wasn't the Shirone she knew. She was scared.

She became naked in front of Shirone for the first time
[Translated block]


"Why? Why are you doing this? Why don't you say anything? Is it because I don't do it like Maya? You idiot, I also, I also love you......"

Shirone hugged Amy tightly. It was the only way to hide her distorted face.

Hot tears mixed with cold rain and ran down her cheeks.

"Amy, thank you for everything."

Amy, who was overwhelmed by sadness, burst into tears.

She grabbed Shirone's clothes and tried to shake her off, but it was slippery.

She had no strength in her hands.

Time pushed her back and a cliff was waiting in front of her. For the first time, she wished she could turn back time.

Shirone gave a sad smile and said her last words.

"Goodbye, Amy......"

Thud.

The umbrella fell from Amy's hand. The harsh rain sound flooded in.

She couldn't move with a blank expression until Shirone's body drifted away.

Tears filled her eyes and she couldn't see anything.

"Ugh. Ugh."

The moment the sob that was stuck in her throat came out, the sky thundered and cried for her.

* * *

Thump! Thump!

The head teacher of the graduation class, Colly, woke up from the sound of knocking on the door of the annex.

He hastily put on his gown and rubbed his sleepy eyes as he opened the door. Maya, who was soaked in rainwater, was standing there.

"Maya? What's going on at this hour?"

"Teacher......"

Maya couldn't control her emotions and hugged Colly's chest and cried.

"Uwaaaaah!"

Colly was confused but looked at Maya's condition. It seemed like the first thing to do was to calm down her trembling body.

He put some firewood in the fireplace and lit a fire. He sat Maya down and handed her a towel.

He boiled some cocoa and put it in front of her, but she just stared at the flames of the fireplace with a lost look.

'She's back.'

Colly sensed that today was the day Maya had talked about.

She was a student who he loved very much, even though he didn't show it in the graduation class schedule. He taught her himself after enrolling her in the magic school.

'She's a tender girl. She can read other people's emotions, but she can't take care of her own.'

Colly first saw Maya on the opening stage of an outdoor concert by the opera singer Canary.

The commoners outside the barricade also had a chance to watch, and the nobles seemed to like this method.

So the concert planner went further and put a commoner on the opening performance to highlight Canary's excellence.

That's how Maya, who was fourteen years old, was cast.

But the planner's trick went horribly wrong. The folk song of the fourteen-year-old girl was so beautiful that it gave goosebumps.

It was natural that the nobles felt uncomfortable, and they started to boo and criticize as soon as the song ended.

Some even demanded that the chief of the tribe bring Maya to their bed for a large sum of money.

The chief attacked the nobles and got beaten up and chased away, and Maya gave up her dream of becoming a singer that day.

Colly suggested Maya to become a magician.

She had a fragile personality but a definite talent for omnipotence, and she succeeded in entering the Spirit Zone in two years.

He didn't hope for anything like a great magician.

Wouldn't it be enough if she became a magician and raised her tribe, and someday sang what she really wanted to?

"Didn't Shirone come out?"

Maya slightly lifted her mouth. It was the only happiness she could get from pain.

"No. He came out. Stupidly, I told him not to come out like that. It wouldn't matter if he cut me off, but he came out. For me, he waited for more than an hour."

Maya covered her face with both hands.

"So it hurts. Because I like Shirone so much. Because I want to be his woman."

"Why don't you talk to him? Maybe he came out because he really likes you?"
[Translated block]


Maya shook her head.

"I knew from the start that I couldn't win Shiro's heart. I confessed even though I knew. I liked him so much, I felt like I couldn't bear it if I didn't say it. So I went into hell knowing it was hell."

Maya looked at Cole with a terrified expression.

"But what do I do? It hurts so much. It feels like I'm going to die. Can I forget Shiro? Can I go back to the way I was before I met Shiro and live on?"

Cole told her his honest thoughts.

"Maya, you can't erase the past memories. That's something you have to carry with you for the rest of your life."

"I don't think I can do it. Like this... how..."

Maya eventually burst into tears.

Cole approached her and hugged her, patting her back.

"You don't have to be afraid. The wounds won't disappear, but as you live, you'll get so many new wounds that you won't even know which one was left by Shiro. And then you'll be okay again. Just live like that."

Maya buried her face in Cole's chest.

"That's not living. Without any hope... how can I live?"

"Maya, you don't live for hope. You create hope to live. You won't be able to forget, but it'll be okay. You'll be able to create a new hope."

"I don't want that. I wish Shiro would come to me. I wish Shiro would love me."

It doesn't hurt when you're cut by a knife. The real pain is when you realize you've been cut.

That's why what Maya felt right now was not pain, but fear. Fear of the pain that was coming.

'It must be harder because your heart is tender. But Maya, an artist is someone who tells stories about humans. You can't see humans from a high place. So remember today's pain. Sing from the lowest place. Then someday everyone will comfort your wounds.'

Cole stroked Maya's back.

She was shaking pitifully like a baby bird whose wings were broken by a storm.

* * *

3 a.m.

He had no intention of sleeping in the first place, so Shiro returned to his room, took a shower and changed into new clothes.

He sat at his desk and tried to block out his thoughts for a moment, and a sigh of relief from crying came out involuntarily.

"Is everything settled now?"

He quit the Supernatural Psychics Research Society. Nade was very angry, but in the end he hugged him and told him to come back no matter what he did.

And today he said goodbye to Maya and Amy in his own way.

He wanted to cut off all ties before he went to heaven.

No, he had to.

If he had any regrets left here, he would hesitate at the decisive moment. He would hesitate in a situation where he had to die for sure.

He had settled all the ties he could settle in a short time.

But still, the faces of precious people came to mind.

Lian, Tess, and... his parents who always wished for their son's happiness.

He was glad he said he loved them before he left home.

That was truly the best thing he ever did in his life.

He opened the drawer and took out a clean sheet of paper. He had no choice but to write down his unfinished greetings.

Will

"Sniffle. Sniffle."

Tears flowed from sorrow.

He wanted to graduate from magic school. He wanted to experience the world with his friends. He wanted to feel the thrill he felt when he held Amy's hand again.

"Mom..."

To Shiro, Vincent and Olina were his only parents. That fact would never change.

He should have known before he went to heaven.

No, he shouldn't have met Ikaiel in the first place.

But he found out.

He didn't show it to anyone, but in fact, he had the answer to the question he had been holding in his heart for his whole life.
[Translated block]


'I'm sorry, I'm sorry.'

Shirone wiped her tears with her sleeve as she wrote her will.

She expressed her gratitude for the people who helped her, her happiness for receiving a lot of love, and her respect for her parents.

That's how she emptied everything she had accumulated for 19 years.
[Translated block]