


[695] Reunion Site (4)

The man pretending to receive the trust spoke even faster.

It was just a collection of sounds made by moving the tongue, but the effect was so great that all the believers shed tears.

"Um Salla Um!"

"Um Salla Um!"

Everyone followed the priest's words with emotion, but Shiro's face was rather hot.

It was a lewd and disgusting word.

"I saw a lot of guys like that before I went into Radum."

Goblins living in the forest were knowledgeable about human heresy rituals.

"Usually after doing that, they do quite a mess, right?"

What the cult leader wants is only to dominate and covet humans.

He's probably a wizard who knows a few spells, but it was enough to dazzle the eyes of ordinary people.

Lian frowned and said.

"There are all kinds of people in the world. How about just ignoring it and going? The person who is fooled or the person who is fooled...."

"But there are also believers who came in for the first time today."

It was what I heard through the trust of the cult priest.

"Maybe that woman on the stone...."

She looked to be in her late 20s and, unlike others, she was awkwardly following the actions and words.

"Ah, Terraphos God, please...."

"Emma, if you do it without sincerity like that, the god of Terraphos will not give you trust."

"Oh, I'm sorry."

"You have to pray with all your heart. Like this. God of Terraphos, please give me your trust!"

As the middle-aged woman with a thin face shouted, everyone raised their prayers as if they were competing.

In the heated atmosphere, the cult priest caught the opportunity to drive a wedge.

"Bring the sacrifice!"

From the cave behind the altar, men in black hoods brought in a goat tied to a thick tree with a gag in its mouth.

The goat placed on the altar was trembling, but the priest mercilessly cut his stomach and took out his heart.

"Woooooooo!"

Seeing the blood, the believers fell into a frenzy.

"This blood will purify us. Everyone, expose your body in front of God."

They started to undress without distinguishing between men and women, but Emma realized that something was going wrong even in the absence of consciousness.

"What are you doing, Emma! If you don't hurry, all the curses will pour on you!"

"But, ma'am. I'm not like this...."

The believers who had devoted their bodies and minds to the cult priest for a long time were all pale and emaciated.

To them, Emma was fresh blood, and everyone was putting silent pressure on her with their eyes wide open.

"I guess I have to come out?"

Shirone thought the same as Lian.

"Let's cover our faces. Just in case."

"Wait. I have a good idea."

Kido, who said so, jumped straight down.

"It's better than a goblin."

His agile body didn't even make a sound when landing, so Kido shouted out loud.

"Do you know where you are coming in! You stupid humans!"

The believers turned around and the priest's face twisted horribly.

"It's, it's a goblin!"

The fear that the believers felt in the half-naked situation was great.

Of course, there is nothing more appetizing than a naked human to a goblin, but looking at their emaciated bodies with only their bellies bulging, their appetite naturally fell.

"If you don't get out of here, I'll cut your legs one by one and taste it!"

"Goblin's territory?"

It was half true.

It was a comfortable place to think that there might be a tribe if it wasn't a region managed by the kingdom.

"Run, run!"

With the roar of the believers echoing in the cave, the priest shouted angrily.

"What are you doing now! The god of Terraphos will punish you!"

The power of the god that was in the heart stopped everyone's actions, and the priest raised both hands at the moment of opportunity.
[Translated block]


"It's just a goblin at best! Show the power of the Teraphos god! Woooh!"

The torches stuck in the cave all rise and start to cluster above the man's head.

Shirone was still watching.

'It's nothing.'

Perhaps the area where the torch burns is the limit of the priest's spirit zone, and even though dozens of fires have gathered, the firepower was low.

'Really a shabby wizard.'

That's why he couldn't belong anywhere and was pretending to be a pseudo-religious leader.

"Die, dirty goblin!"

As the priest's arms stretched forward.

"Huh? What?"

The priest's nose was split and his eyes were cut.

"Ah! My eyes!"

The fact that the eyelids couldn't close meant that it was quick.

"Priest!"

The hooded men rushed in with their swords drawn at the sight of him kneeling and dripping blood.

"Loyalty? Or......"

Comradeship that tasted the same pleasure?

The only thing Kido, who was facing the enemies surrounding him from all sides, did was to turn around on the ground.

When he stood up like a spring with his legs spread like scissors, the hooded men screamed, holding the cut part of their legs.

"Ah! My, my leg!"

Kido shouted at the believers.

"Get lost! If you invade the goblin's territory one more time, you'll know to put it in boiling water alive!"

"Kyaaa! Save people!"

The awakened fanatics ran out of the cave without even covering their naked bodies.

"Anyway, humans are strange."

Kido, who was watching with his tongue out, looked down at the crying priest.

"This guy is a bad guy, so it's okay to kill him, right?"

He had decided to follow the human behavior as much as possible while traveling with humans, but Kido's standard was just this much.

"Save, please save me. Please... please spare my life!"

"Sorry. I think I'll get angry if I eat it alive......"

After killing the priest, he was going to eat the flesh and find a way out of the cave.

"Ah! Save people...! Cough!"

As the priest's body suddenly trembled, Kido, who sensed a strange energy, quickly stopped his action.

"I see you again, Hexa."

Shirone and Lian jumped down and the priest, who slowly got up, opened his eyes wide.

It was impossible for a human sense to lift the eyelids from the state where the pupils were cut.

"Could it be... the Grand Judge of Teraphos?"

"That's right. I'm borrowing this man's body to deliver my voice. Humans call it a trust."

"Can anyone come in?"

"It's not like that. You have to connect to the Teraphos channel, and that's only possible in a trance state. Usually, they use dreams. But this guy didn't seem to be going into a trance state."

Shirone looked at the priest with contempt.

"The stronger the channeler, the more dense the spirit can be transmitted. Among humans, Meirei would be the most superior, but even such a human can chat."

"So... you came in to chat?"

Does the Grand Judge of Teraphos live a leisurely life?

"I came to tell you that if you connect to the Teraphos channel, you can communicate with me at any time. This human's channeling was so weak that it only succeeded just before death, but a strong channeler can even accept my spirit as a whole."

I remembered executing Gwanse-eum-myeolma through Meirei.

"You should have told me that earlier."

"I just got approval from the council. Also, that means that the Teraphos race recognizes you as a representative of humanity."

"Hmm."

When Shirone was lost in thought, a moan was heard.

"Ah, ah..."

Emma, who still couldn't get out of her place, was crouching in the corner and shaking her body.

"How about that woman? I mean channeling."

"Her spiritual sense is too weak. She won't be able to hear my voice even in her sleep. The only one who can channel here is this human."
[Translated block]


'Even if it's shabby, is it a wizard?'

Emma clasped her hands and asked.

"Really... are you really the god of Terrafos?"

"We don't have the word 'god', but it is an entity that humans call so."

"Then, you must know everything about me?"

"Your name is Emma. You are the biological partner of Adox, the captain of the Kazra Border Guard. However, you betrayed the divinity set by human standards and had a biological relationship with Miguelan, a subordinate of Adox, 63 times in a month, and recently planned to poison Adox..."

"Stop! Stop it!"

The horror of her own disgrace coming out of others' mouths was tremendous.

"Please forgive me! I will live well in the future! My husband always drinks, breaks things and hits when he comes home... And my husband cheated first. He fell for the thirty-eight-year-old barmaid!"

As Emma's eyes filled with venom again, Kido clicked his tongue.

"This house is also disturbed. Well, life is all like that."

Terrafos had classified Emma as evil, but that was because they were observing humans from outside of life.

Once you jump into the stage of life, only the emotions of the moment are vivid, and you can't tell what comes first.

"I am not a forgiving entity."

Emma was half out of her mind.

"I'm sorry! I'm really sorry! Please forgive me. If my husband finds out I'm here, I'll die!"

Shirone reassured her.

"Don't worry. I won't tell anyone. Instead... can I stay at your house for a few days?"

"Huh? Yes, of course! If my sins are forgiven by that..."

She seemed to mistake that Shirone had such authority.

Of course, it was a natural reaction since she saw the miracle of Terrafos standing with his pupils veined.

"What are you going to do?"

When Lian asked, Shirone looked back at the Chief Justice and said.

"Tell the King of Kazra that I have arrived. Through the trust."

Kido slapped his palm.

"Ah. That way."

A kind of communication satellite.

If you receive Shirone's words in space and transmit them to the believer, you can convey your intentions anywhere in the world.

"Is that so? Wait."

The locations of all Terrafos believers in the world were captured in the head of the Chief Justice who closed his eyes.

"There are not many Terrafos channels in Kazra. Even if there are, most of them are such low-level channels."

'Is it still not possible.'

Each believer was a base station, but it was not much compared to the number of humans.

"I found the nearest channel. There is one Terrafos believer within a radius of 1 kilometer from the planet Kazra."

"A radius of 1 kilometer... Is it a bureaucrat?"

The higher the rank, the more convenient it would be.

"He is a non-commissioned officer working in the guard. He keeps it a secret that he is a Terrafos believer except for his family."

"That's fine. He has no choice but to believe. First, send me the location of Emma's house. If Shirone asks for a manifestation, it will be okay. And..."

Shirone carefully chose his words.

"I have something to say about my son."

The Chief Justice's eyelids trembled, and that was all.

"Transmission complete. The reception of the trust will be after he falls asleep tonight. It will be delivered by dawn tomorrow."

It was a great time saver, but Kido suggested a more comfortable way.

"Why don't you go into a non-commissioned officer like now? Write it on something like paper and get out, right?"

"Forced trance is a disorderly act. Only the representative of mankind, only Hexa, can call me."

Shirone agreed.

"Okay. Then I'll be waiting for the contact from the planet."

That ended the communication, and when the expression of the Chief Justice disappeared, the cyber priestess covered her eyes and screamed.

"Ugh! It hurts! It hurts! Where is this!"

'She seems to have no memory.'

Maireido was the same.
[Translated block]


"Those who had their legs cut off had already died from excessive bleeding, so it was difficult to escape from the cave while losing sight.

'Spirit John. But is it possible in this situation?'

Lian leaned on his shoulder.

"Let's go out first, Shirone. There's nothing good about being here for a long time."

"......Yeah."

Behind the group of Shirone who were leaving the cave following Emma, the scream of the cult leader echoed."
[Translated block]