


```text
[296] 6. A Huge Secret (5)

"We came to save you! Where are you now?"

"Shiooooooo!"

Nade bent his four arms and shouted toward the sky.

Then all the egoists stopped moving.

Amy watched the situation with bated breath. She hoped that her voice had reached Shirone.

But what followed was disappointing. The egoists stretched out as if they were sucked into something, then went against the rain and shot up.

And they began to be drawn into Nade's egoist in a parabola from the high sky.

The shape of the egoist that absorbed his comrades changed rapidly. It grew over 3 meters tall and insect legs sprouted from its shoulders, sides, and waist.

Its tail swelled like a bee's butt, and its face stretched grotesquely back and forth, looking like a twisted sausage. Its face split open like it was cut with a knife, revealing teeth like saws, and a long tongue came out of its mouth and waved like a wave.

"Kieeeeeee!"

Amy's face turned pale. She couldn't think of that as Shirone. The shape made by all the egoists around was horrible.

The monster stepped forward and the ground shook with a thud. She couldn't beat that. Even though she was sure of that, she held on to her faint mind and took a fighting stance.

She couldn't save Shirone if she backed down at level 11. Even if she died here, she was determined to fight.

"Okay, let's go!"

"Good job! Now run away!"

As Armin passed by her side and said that, Amy looked at him with a dumbfounded expression. But soon she canceled her magic and ran away. Reyna followed suit.

The three ran with all their might. The egoist's scream pierced through the rain from afar.

Armin took refuge in a dark alley and leaned against the wall and sat down. Amy and Reyna also sat on the opposite side, hanging their heads and breathing heavily. Raindrops hit their faces like a shower.

Amy asked before she could calm her breath.

"What the hell is that? It's Shirone's consciousness, how can such a monster come out?"

"It's a selfish defense mechanism that humans have. It's mixed with the projectiles. The stronger the projectile, the stronger the egoist's power."

Amy recalled that Nade was the strongest.

"But is it okay to run away like this?"

"When the self is attacked, the egoist reveals its appearance using nearby projectiles. But when it becomes terrified like now, the nature of the egoist disappears, so it can't locate us. It's really strong, but there's no benefit in eliminating it, so it's better to run away."

Reyna rested her elbows on her knees and covered her face. Steam rose from her body as she ran so much.

"Hoo, is it because we failed to inject keywords?"

"It's not that we failed, but Shirone rejected it. She's very wary. Of course, given the situation in reality, she can't help it."

Amy asked.

"Do we have to keep fighting those things?"

"That's the only way for now. We have to keep injecting keywords until Shirone accepts them. There's no way to go down to level 1 without Shirone's guidance."

"But still, they're Shirone's consciousness anyway. Can't we persuade them?"

Arius shook his head coldly.

"Egoists are self-defense mechanisms that everyone has if they are human. They recognize all targets except Shirone as enemies. Even we who gained the trust of 7 Gold and 10 Gold were no exception as soon as the keyword death was entered. Don't be sorry. The world is recognized as me and others, but egoists are only me, me, me. They don't have the concept of others at all."

Amy clenched her teeth as she felt the blind aggressiveness of the egoists in her bones.

"How do we fight from now on? They're so strong."
```
[Translated block]


```
"No, this is also weak. The closer you get to the depths, the stronger the egoists become. That's why we have to find Shiro's avatar on the surface. If you go into the realm of the first instinct, the egoists will dominate most of their consciousness to protect Shiro. That means they have the same power as Shiro, who is the master of this world. That's why divers never dive into the deep sea. Arius would have thought differently if Shiro's unconsciousness had not weakened."

Amy said with a gleam in her eyes.

"Then what about Arius and Zion? They're in the same situation, aren't they? The deeper they go, the stronger the egoists become, so they might die before they even arrive."

Armin shook his head.

"No. He probably won't look for Shiro and go around. A grave robber is an expert on human psyche. This world may look ordinary to us, but there is a meaning behind everything here. Arius will interpret that meaning and find his own way down. Of course, there is a high chance of getting caught from the REM area and below, but by then Shiro's unconsciousness will be pretty broken down. Arius is betting on that."

Reina said.

"Then why don't we use Arius's method? Amy knows Shiro well, so maybe she can interpret the things here."

"Hmm, the shape of consciousness varies from person to person. There are staircase types, plaza types, corridor types, and topology types. But usually the gateways to go down are underground. That's the most natural way for consciousness."

Amy said.

"Then we just have to find a basement here, right?"

Arius chuckled.

It seemed that these women still didn't realize how scary a place human consciousness was. Well, this was only level 11 after all.

"I'm telling you a general theory. Human psyche is too complex and delicate. Unless you're an expert, you'll have to search all the basements in this world, and even if you find one, you can't be sure that it's the entrance to level 10. You won't get there faster than them anyway. But if we meet Shiro here, the situation could be reversed. We have to keep injecting keywords."

Reina said with a bored expression.

"But every time we do that, the egoists will find us?"

"There's no other way. That's why I told you not to come here. It's funny to say this after getting help from you."

Amy didn't regret that. She just felt awkward that Shiro would attack her.

"Haah. It feels weird. We have to fight against Shiro's mind."

Armin glared at her coldly.

"Amy, get a grip."

"Huh?"

"This is not the time to be immersed in your feelings. You can see it now, right? Someone else's mind is an extremely dangerous place. Even the best divers like Arius have lost their lives here."

"I know that. That's why I'm nervous."

"Are you really?"

Amy looked at Armin with a puzzled expression. She was really nervous. No, she was even prepared to risk her life.

"Don't be mistaken. Shiro is not tormenting us. We came into Shiro's territory and made a mess of it. This place is a very personal space that Shiro doesn't want anyone to see. You came in here, Amy. And then you get angry or disappointed at this world's reaction? That's cowardly and despicable."

"That's..."

Amy was speechless.

She had never thought about Shiro's perspective as Armin said. If someone came into her mind and examined everything in detail... It was horrible just to think about it.

"We're not going to meet Shiro. We're going to meet Shiro's avatar. The avatar is completely different from the Shiro we knew on the outside. You didn't withdraw, Amy. You must be upset about that, but maybe it was natural for the avatar. If you see Shiro's avatar, you'll feel like he's not Shiro no matter what he does."
```

I hope this translation helps you understand what they are saying in Korean better😊
[Translated block]


```
Reina added.

"Actually, that's the most accurate Sirona, though."

"Yes. Humans can only know what others reveal on the outside. But avatars are different. They have all the emotions that make up humans mixed in. To be more precise, they also integrate the shameful and embarrassing parts that they can't reveal to anyone. We're going to see that."

Amy thought quietly, then took a deep breath and slapped her cheeks with both palms. Her face was hot, but it helped her regain her senses. She was not even prepared, let alone tense, as Armin said.

"I got it. I won't judge anything."

Armin saw the cold light in Amy's eyes and finally showed a satisfied smile. Without this kind of determination, there was no way to get out of someone else's mind.

What if the man who confessed his love had only animalistic desires in his mind? What if the person he thought was his best friend had a mind full of jealousy and envy?

How many people in the world would not feel betrayed by knowing such truths?

Arius emphasized again.

"Ataraxia will be at least below the third level of depth. And that's where things you don't want to show to anyone are gathered."

"Yes. I won't be interested in anything. I have hidden feelings too. I'm sorry for being immature. I guess my emotions were shaken because I couldn't withdraw."

Reina said.

"It's okay. I didn't think that far either. And even if I couldn't withdraw, I would have felt hurt."

Amy smiled bitterly.

"Sirona must have something he's hurt by too. I was wrong. He's a human with the same emotions as others, no matter how strong his mental power is."

Armin was watching the alley outside, then slowly turned his head and looked at Amy.

"Now... what did you say?"

"Huh? Oh, Sirona has the same emotions as..."

"No, not that. Did you say he's a diamond body?"

Amy blinked her eyes in confusion, then quickly said when she saw Armin's expression was more serious than expected.

"Yes. There's a famous monk teacher named Etella at school, and he said that. He said you have to reach the state of diamond body to use Ataraxia."

"Damn it, idiot...!"

Armin slapped his forehead with his palm.

How could he not think of it?

Ataraxia was too big a concept for humans to contain.

It was enough to destroy one's mind in normal cases.

But Sirona was using it. So the teacher called Etella was right.

"I'm sorry, Miss Amy. I've been acting smart all this time. I was the idiot. I want to smash my head a few times."

"Huh? What did I do..."

Armin wrapped his arms around Amy's shoulders and squeezed them.

"You saved us. Come on. We're going to Sirona."

Reina got up after checking her bow.

"So are we fighting Egoist?"

"No. We'll go around too. Like Arius."

Armin was sure of success.

With this method, he could catch up with Arius. And it was a method that Zion's party couldn't use even if they knew it, because they had to avoid Sirona.

Armin took the two women out to the street. Egoist's terrorization had gone far away, and it was not visible nearby.

They arrived at the outskirts of the main road, cutting through the rainwater that reached their ankles. There was a carriage parked there, and a coachman sat on the driver's seat in the rain.

He wore a narrow-brimmed wizard hat, but for some reason only his face was shaded and he couldn't see his expression. He looked like a faceless person.

As Armin approached, the coachman said without even looking at him.

"I'm not running today."

Armin showed him all the remaining gold coins.
```
[Translated block]


"I have to go somewhere urgently. Please understand my situation."

It was an amount that exceeded Armin's credibility, so the coachman couldn't refuse firmly. As expected, his voice lowered a bit. But he still sounded reluctant.

"It's hard to drive on a day like this. It's raining too much. Where do you want to go in this weather?"

Armin looked back at the two women waiting behind him and asked the coachman.

"Let's go to a place where it doesn't rain."

The coachman's head turned toward Armin as if he was shocked. His movement was so bizarre that the women who were watching swallowed their saliva. The coachman slowly faced forward and grabbed the reins.

"Get on, sir."

(End of volume 12)
[Translated block]