


[610] Top 5 Prestigious Families (3)

"Alright, goodbye."

Nade greeted him face to face.

Unlike before, there was no sense of avoidance, but rather it seemed to push Sabina away.

"What happened?"

True to her nature, she asked directly, but Nade just gave a bitter smile.

Knowing Sabina's feelings, he wanted to speak honestly, but the wounds he received from doing so would surely be a poison in the graduation exam.

"I hope you graduate."

Nade was sincere.

Because she was one of the few people who accepted his true self.

When Sabina, who realized Nade's consideration, turned her body with a gloomy face, Pandora, who had been watching, poked her words.

"You're lucky. Even in this situation, you have the luxury to care about a man."

She had visited the headquarters of the perfume manufacturing company Alones before the start of the second half of the graduation class and learned the magic of the perfume magician Mael.

Like Pisho's insect magic, it wasn't a favorable line for evaluation, but once she graduated, she was guaranteed to succeed because she received high scores in professionalism.

"Don't be arrogant because you're above in the rankings. There are as many air magicians in society as there are to kick."

Azellio Pandora (final ranking of the graduation class 19th).

Major: Alones series of fragrance magic.

Special note: Mael's disciple.

It was a great psychological help to have landed in Class Two thanks to the benefits of Scramble Royal.

Sabina, who remembered the days when she had tormented Pandora in the advanced class, approached her.

"What, what is it?"

Unlike Pandora, who was disgusted, Sabina carefully extended her hand and straightened the twisted collar.

"Yeah, you work hard too. Let's go shopping together when we go out into society."

She was hurt in her pride that she had to compete with students from the provinces when she first transferred to Alpheus Magic School.

But after going through the fierce process of the graduation class for a year, the life at the royal magic school had long been erased.

'Now my alma mater is here.'

Pandora, who was watching Sabina go away, said quietly.

"You must pass too. You worked hard."

No one in the graduation class was lazy.

'Hehe, she's not a bad kid.'

Sabina smiled with her eyes and moved away, and the bell rang at 5 a.m.

The head teacher, Colly, arrived at the assembly place, leading three huge carriages.

"We're going to the Magic Association Creas branch by carriage. Be careful in the carriage, and get on quickly because there's no time."

30 students boarded the carriage, divided into 10 each.

Shirone, Iruki, Nade got on the first carriage, and Dorothy was at the end of the opposite side.

"Ugh."

After briefly checking Iruki's mood, Shirone and Nade quietly sat down.

'Why Dorothy of all people......'

He hadn't heard the details, but it was clear that Iruki and Dorothy had dated, and they broke up exactly 13 minutes later.

The reason was that there was nothing particularly attractive, and Iruki, who is surprisingly realistic, and Dorothy, who wants something beyond reality, brought about a proper compromise with a few words of conversation.

"Are you okay?"

Surprisingly, Iruki spoke first.

"Yeah. It was hard, but I'm a little better now."

"I'm sorry if I hurt you. But what's important to us is the graduation exam."

"Yeah. We can overcome it. You don't get hurt too much and focus on the exam."

Nade was dumbfounded.

"......Are you guys doing this on purpose?"

The 13-minute love and breakup were absurd to him, but the parties seemed sincere, looking in different directions.

Iruki was no ordinary person, but neither was Dorothy.

Taylor Dorothy (final ranking of the graduation class 13th).

Major: Jona's manipulation series.

Special note: Utilization of mental sharing system Mimesis. Maximization of omnipotence through unique manipulation pattern input method.

If the atmosphere of the first carriage was awkward, the atmosphere of the third carriage was full of tension as if it would explode at any moment.
[Translated block]


At the end, Fermi was reading a book, and it was because of the nerve war with the Electric Monster Raikon sitting at the opposite end.

After being betrayed in the upper part of Istas, Raikon, who killed the child that Yolga wanted to protect, was pursued by Fermi until the upper part disappeared.

At that time, Fermi's injury was serious, so there was no big battle, but in fact, if they collided, Fermi would have died.

"Hey, Fermi."

Fermi turned his head.

"Do you know why I didn't kill you then?"

Fermi raised the corner of his mouth as if it was interesting.

"Because I can kill you in the graduation exam. You know? No one needs to take responsibility for the death that occurred in the graduation exam."

It was on the way to the Magic Association to sign for it.

"In other words, you are already a dead body. So how about closing the book and praying? It's a life that's not much left."

Military Monster Raikon (final ranking of the graduation class 3rd).

Major: Electric magic of the shock series.

Special note: The son of Bedium, the strongest hitman of the Black Line. Top-level movement technique Spark magic use.

Fermi closed the book.

"Raikon, do you love me?"

"What, what's wrong?"

Raikon's face was horribly crumpled.

"Hate and love are similar. In that they throw all their emotions. So I was a little disgusted with hating you."

"......"

"So I thought. What is the biggest revenge I can do to the one I hate? It's to erase it. Not pretending to be calm, but really erasing it. As hate and love are similar, revenge and forgiveness seem to be similar. So I......"

Fermi turned his gaze back to the book.

"I don't care what you do."

"This kid......!"

When Raikon got up abruptly, Hershey held out his hand and stopped him.

"Hold on. That's also a psychological warfare."

Is that really so?

It was unbelievable, but it was confusing because it was Fermi.

'Don't be swayed. If you get caught in his tongue, it's over.'

Hershey thought so.

'The Gold Wheel has been disbanded and there is no longer any collusion. Now we have to focus on attacking Fermi.'

Becoming the next Fermi was Hershey's intention.

'From now on, I control the graduation exam.'

Meyer Hershey (final ranking of the graduation class 23rd).

Major: Sound magic of the sonar series.

Special note: Superhuman hearing that can detect the heartbeat of creatures.

Three carriages arrived at the Magic Association Creas branch, each with their own circumstances.

When the door was opened and got off, the sky was brightening with a blue color.

"Welcome. This way."

The association staff who had been waiting in advance guided Colly.

The place moved in two rows was the basement 5th floor of the association, and Oscar was waiting in front of the iron door where the space movement magic circle was.

"I will tell you the precautions before using the space movement magic circle."

Even though he was going to become the son-in-law of the director soon, he could not exclude the dawn duty that the lower ranks of the association took.

"First of all, the coordinates to move to are a security zone 4 kilometers away from the capital......"

Nade did not hear Oscar's words.

Although their eyes met for a moment when they first met here, it was good for both of them not to show it.

'It must be disturbing.'

Shirone looked back at Nade worriedly, but there was no particular feeling from the expression.

"Then have a good trip."

When Oscar opened the iron door, a huge magic circle with a diameter of 100 meters was drawn.

It was a military purpose facility, so you could tell that astronomical money was invested just by looking at the scale.

"It's amazing. You can send a company at once."

If it was Dante's words, a specialist in information magic, it would have been true.

The light of the magic circle gradually brightened, and after about 5 minutes, it was wrapped in a white light so that you could not see the face of the person next to you.
[Translated block]
"Stay still."

With Collie's last warning, the light flashed as if it was about to explode, and all the graduating class disappeared.

* * *

Thormia Planet Crata.

The planet, where hundreds of thousands of people reside, was a city in itself, and both official and unofficial weapon manufacturing was active today at the armory located at the west outer gate.

Liz, the manager of the magic parts of the armory, was walking around the warehouse, checking the parts specifications one by one.

Just another day.

But she no longer had a companion who promised her a future.

"Manager. Manager."

A craftsman who had worked in the armory for 30 years called Liz.

"Yes? Oh, yes."

"What are you thinking about?"

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize..."

"No, I'm worried. Did something happen during your vacation?"

Liz honestly confessed.

"I was dumped by my fiancé."

It was about time the wound healed to some extent.

"Oh... He's a useless guy."

"Actually, he's not that bad..."

"No, it's not about his personality. He's blind. He kicked a beauty like Miss Liz. He'll regret it later."

Liz felt a little better at the craftsman's wit.

"Go in and rest. The supplier won't come today. I'll clean up the warehouse."

"Oh, why?"

"The square is controlled and transportation is not possible. It seems there is an event at the Magic Association. It's called the Five Great Families Ceremony."

Five Great Families.

Then Alpheus Magic School would be included.

'Nade will come.'

She had been feeling bad since she spat out harsh words and left that day.

No, she actually wanted to meet him.

'Now I'm just like a strange woman.'

The craftsman stared at Liz, who was hesitating like a thirsty puppy.

He didn't know what was going on, but experience told him what to say at this moment.

"Do what you want to do. I don't know the story."

"Huh?"

"There are things you learn at this age. It's much better to try and regret than not to try and regret."

Somehow, his words resonated with Liz.

* * *

Alog Central Square.

The size of the square was huge as it was densely packed with the core institutions of Bashuka, and the dissatisfaction of the citizens and merchants was not small because all the eight-lane roads spreading in all directions were blocked.

However, the reason their tantrums did not run wild was because of the pride they had in the magic power of the Kingdom of Thormia.

The 6-meter-high platform installed in the center of the square was carved out of artificial coral, and it was so delicate and beautiful that it was a waste to use it for a few hours and throw it away.

While the soldiers of the Royal Guard, a cooperative organization, controlled the citizens around the square, the carriages that had departed from all over the kingdom began to arrive.

As the drum line of the band preparing for the ceremony heightened the tension with a fast beat, the chorus shouted.

"Oris Magic School!"

Three carriages stopped on the 6th road of the central square, and 30 graduating students in black suits appeared.

"Kai Knight Magic School!"

"Bermin Magic School!"

As the students gathered in front of the barricade one after another, the carriage of Alpheus Magic School stopped on the 3rd road.

"Alpheus Magic School!"

"Here it is. Let's get off."

The students, who had been watching the crowd on their way, had a slightly tense complexion.

"Waaaaaaa!"

As soon as they set foot on the ground, the cheers of the people made their hearts pound.

'This is where...'

This is where the core of Thormia Kingdom's magic is.

The desire and awe of the people that they could not feel at school seemed to penetrate their skin.

"Are they all really wizards? They're so young."

"They're about to become wizards. Didn't they say they only invited the best students in the kingdom?"
[Translated block]


"The students gathered here today will eventually become wizards and enter all fields such as economics, society, military, politics, art, science, etc., leading the Kingdom of Thormia.

'My heart... feels like it's going to burst.'

Mark shivered under the gaze of those looking at the future leader.

The first taste of society's gaze, which he had only mingled with those who dreamed of becoming a wizard since childhood, was enough to bring out a passion he didn't even know he had.

'The association president is clever this time.'

Colly nodded his head, feeling the atmosphere of the central square.

It was a situation where Luphist's plan to imprint the image of the association on the elites who will become future employees internally, and to reverse what the most important institution in the Kingdom of Thormia is externally, worked out properly."
[Translated block]