


[645] Dead End (5)

As the location of the sound completely shifted to Hwangryongjeon, the crumpled space unfolded and the scenery returned to its original state.

It's not a common sight, but the guards who have been hit several times invariably shouted while holding the handle of the sword.

"Princess Mama! To recognize His Majesty the Emperor, you must obey the law!"

The sound didn't even blink.

"It's just a daughter meeting her father."

Her car score was 89.2 percent.

"But if you do this, we...."

As the captain of the guard approached with an expression that he couldn't do this or that, the sound's hand went up.

Ether Wave - Distortion.

As the space twisted, the captain's body twisted like a whirlwind and completely hid his figure.

"Even if it's Mama, magic in Hwangryongjeon...!"

Starting with that, the guards disappeared twisted by the power of distortion.

Perfect isolation room.

The power of the sound is powerful because it twists the plate itself where the phenomenon exists.

Because there was no space for the sound to spread, no one could overhear the conversation between the two.

"Father, are you afraid of me?"

"Hmm."

Emperor Jinchun Jinkang leaned his chin on the dragon and raised the corners of his mouth.

With a physique that is not inferior to the men of the guard, a full head of hair and beard, and a strong will in his eyes that seemed to contain the world.

"Is there a father in the world who is afraid of his daughter?"

"Why do you have troops then?"

"Sound."

The low voice shook Hwangryongjeon.

"Yes, father."

"The world is wide and there are many people. To gain the world, you need to simplify everything. Whether you are my daughter or whatever, it is natural for the emperor to bow down."

Still standing upright, Jinkang looked down at the sound and asked.

"Do you think the world you dream of cannot be contained in Jinchun?"

The Ivory Tower is a supranational institution, and if the sound becomes a star, it means that Jinchun loses a precious talent.

"It's not a problem of the world, it's my problem."

Jinkang nodded.

"It would be good to give time. But don't forget. Always, in any situation...."

Jinkang's eyes sparkled.

"Simplicity wins complexity."

As the space cracked, 200 guards surrounded the sound, and the captain standing one step ahead thrust his blade into the sound's neck.

"Princess Mama, obey the law. We cannot tolerate any more rudeness."

As the compulsion of space broke, the sound glared at Jinkang with fierce eyes.

"I allow you to take the test of the Ivory Tower. Try hard."

"Hmph!"

As the sound opened her body at the same time, the captain's blade twisted like a snake and aimed at her crotch.

"This...!"

The captain, who was angry at the disgrace in front of the emperor, chased after the sound, but Jinkang spoke in a soft voice.

"It's okay. Just let it go."

"But Your Majesty! The behavior of Mama just now...."

"It's because she's immature. It'll be okay, the Ivory Tower."

It was a tower that Jinchun would someday break.

"Have fun, daughter of Jinkang."

* * *

With the graduation ceremony one day ahead, Shiro and his friends ironed their uniforms.

Although it would probably look ghostly and ridiculous, it was comforting to think that it was one of the last gates to graduate.

After ironing, they sat side by side and started writing the graduation speech to be read tomorrow.

About an hour later, Nade grumbled.

"I hate writing the most. I fought to death, but why do I have to do this?"

Iruki said.

"That's life. Why, there's a saying like this. It's not over until it's over."

"Hmm."

Shiro, who was nodding his head, looked at Iruki.

"But isn't that a word used in other situations?"

"I don't know? I don't rely on language."
[Translated block]


"What kind of graduation speech would such a person have? Shirone took out his neck and looked at it.

"Let's see. If you're crazy and your head is bad, you're a lunatic, and if you're normal and your head is good, you're a scholar. If you're crazy but your head is good, you're a genius... Hey, what is this? Are you really going to recite this?"

"Puhahahahaha!"

Nade stuck out his tongue and rolled his eyes.

"I can't do it. We've escaped from hell. The jaws won't listen no matter what we say."

Nade said, wiping away the tears that had trickled down.

"But it's a document to be stored in the record room, so be careful."

"What about you?"

Iruki read Nade's recitation.

"An angel named Liz. The sun that miraculously floated on the surface of despair...."

"Hey! Why are you looking at someone else's?"

Shirone sighed.

"It's not a love letter, and the juniors will keep seeing it...."

"That's why I'm writing it. A love letter that will be recorded forever. It's romantic."

Then there was a knock and Amy came in.

"Mr. Colley says to gather in the music room. He says he's practicing the school song."

"Uh, I really hate that."

The thought of singing in front of the juniors made her face hot already.

When she entered the music room, all the graduates were gathered.

Even if you choose a different line, you have to receive a diploma, so Raikon and Maya were also present.

"It's been a while, Shirone."

Maya came up and waved her hand.

"Yeah. I heard you passed. Congratulations."

Despite receiving numerous scout offers from performance groups, Maya chose to audition and was finally able to contract with the most famous performance planning company in the kingdom.

As many world-class singers have been produced, her life will be as eventful as Shirone's.

"Thank you. I also heard. You came from the Ivory Tower. Ah, I should have seen that."

Maya, who is boasting, but her true feelings were completely different.

She heard that she was dating Amy, but in the end the two broke up again.

The fact that there is a gap in the man she is in love with is a heart-pounding event even if she has already given up.

In addition, she will become famous and tour many kingdoms, so her heart was full just thinking about it.

'Maybe... there might be a chance for me?'

It was a word that she could not dare to say out loud.

If she gives even a little feeling like that, how much will Amy's heart, who is watching from the side, tear?

"Yeah, let's work hard. Someday we will all become famous and meet."

The school song chorus is the last order of the graduation ceremony, and some seniors suddenly shed tears and create an indelible black history.

It's just a matter of singing a song for about 3 minutes, but Colley had a slightly different opinion.

"I'm thinking of adding Maya's solo. She's a singer and she's going to be famous, so it'll be a good event."

No one refused.

Not only is Maya's song a masterpiece, but as long as it's not their solo, the school song is fine.

After about an hour of rehearsal according to the order of the graduation ceremony, the students returned to their dormitories and fell asleep early.

The long-awaited graduation day morning dawned, and in front of the students, high school students, and teachers, 10 graduates took the stage.

When it was time to recite the graduation speech, Iruki confidently stepped forward.

"If you're crazy and your head is bad, you're a lunatic, and if you're normal and your head is good, you're a scholar."

Shirone and Nade were sweating coldly.

'He's really doing it, that crazy guy.'

The strange logic continued, and at the end of the graduation speech, Iruki spread his arms and shouted.

"When everyone curses me for being crazy, I will proudly shout like this. Am I crazy, or is this world that calls me crazy crazy!"

Everyone answered in their hearts.

'You're just crazy.'

In the midst of the chilly silence, Iruki lowered his arms and turned around.

"That's all."

Nade stood up from his chair, passed Iruki, and stood on the stage."
[Translated block]


"Do you know an angel named Liz? Like a miracle to me who fell into despair...."

The students did not understand the graduation speech, and the embarrassment was just Liz's part who was sitting in the audience.

"If you don't want to write, just don't."

She knew how annoying it was to write a graduation speech.

"So I become the best merchant!"

Nade shouted and turned around.

"That's all."

As expected, no applause came out, and Shina held her head.

"Ah, just those things."

Etela covered her mouth and laughed.

"Hehe, I like it? But the juniors are listening with their ears pricked up."

"That's how tradition becomes old-fashioned."

Ordinary graduation speech, emotional graduation speech, self-exhibition graduation speech, etc. Among the 10 graduates who finished one by one, Shiroe was the last to come out.

It was an intentional arrangement, and the effect was excellent.

"It's Senior Shiroe."

A person who has broken the kingdom's best record and is now among the top three candidates for the Ivory Tower.

At least Shiroe's graduation speech had to be heard.

"I don't think I have talent."

Shiroe read the text calmly.

"I don't think I've worked harder than others."

The audience was silent in an instant.

"Talent or effort, it's probably a word made up by people who have never really desired anything."

I wanted to be a wizard and I liked learning magic.

"I loved it so much that failure was also fun, and effort was not hard."

So a wizard will be a person who loves magic.

"Even if I had less talent than now, I would have come to this place. Even if I didn't have to make up the word effort, I would have honed magic every day. Even if I didn't have anything. If you desperately desire something, humans can only go there."

Shiroe put down the reading and looked at the juniors.

"Do what you truly love. No talent, no effort, nothing can beat what you love. So don't be afraid of anything and listen to the sound of your heart beating. If it's still beating fast, you'll be able to get there eventually."

Shiroe smiled with his eyes.

"That's all."

"Thank you for everything! Senior!"

When Mark jumped up and shouted, all the students stood up and applauded.

When Shiroe, who looked like a person from another world, said that anyone could do it, something hot surged up from the chest.

"It's a good graduation speech. It will be an inspiration to the juniors."

Listening to the teachers' conversation, Alpheus smiled slightly.

"Shiroe...."

Looking at the boy who was doing the river from beyond the wall when he was twelve, now he has become a wizard who surprises the world and gives advice to juniors, he felt a sense of time.

"Finally, there will be a graduation song chorus by the graduates."

"Ah, it's definitely raining."

The students, who were lined up in rows, fluttering their robes, sang the school song to the accompaniment of the music department.

If you listen to the music that you hear first when you enter school for several years, you won't even know if it's a song or a spell.

Nevertheless, Maya's skill was the best, and when the solo started, even the seniors were fascinated by her voice.

"I thought it was really childish."

As the school song continued, sadness filled the students' eyes.

"When this song ends...."

I'm really going out into the world.

"I became a wizard."

All the events from admission to now began to flow through Shiroe's head without missing a single one.

I met good people and matured by overcoming numerous obstacles.

"We are children of intelligence. Alpheus Magic School, shine forever."

In the end, Shiroe burst into tears, and tears flowed from the eyes of other graduates who had been more competitive than any other year.

"We are children of intelligence."

All the students sang the song in unison.
[Translated block]
"Alpheus Magic School, shine forever!"

The graduation ceremony is over.
[Translated block]