


[655] Air of Life (4)

'What's with this guy?'

Lian, who encountered two strong men in the underground sewer where the smell of rotting corpses vibrated, was perplexed.

On the other hand, Luphyst was paying attention to the man standing like a corpse, holding a dagger in his hand.

'Shagal of the Quick Sword.'

For ordinary people, even the murderous intent that would be suffocating was a thrilling taste like stimulating junk food to him.

"Heh heh. Heh heh."

Having confirmed the habit of fumbling for the opponent with his sense of smell, Luphyst was sure of the opponent's identity, and then looked back at Lian.

"What's your name?"

"Lian. It's Agent Lian."

Knight of Maha.

If it's good enough to reach the ears of the president of the Magic Association, the skill would be basic, but it was surprising that he was breathing against Shagal.

"So who are you?"

"Me? The president of the Magic Association."

Luphyst, who spat out nonchalantly, looked at the dozens of scars engraved on Lian's body and understood.

"You have good regeneration. Is it a regeneration build?"

"No, well......"

Lian, who would rather die than say he couldn't do the schema.

"Anyway, you were lucky. You've held out this far against one of the top 100 dangerous people in the world."

"Top 100 dangerous people in the world?"

It was a word he had heard several times while performing as a knight, but it was his first time seeing it in person.

But what stuck in his ears more was the first word that he was lucky.

"Do you mean I survived by luck?"

Luphyst postponed the answer and approached Shagal.

"Indeed, did you change your weapon? There's nothing better than this to hide your identity......"

If the skill reaches a certain level, even murder is sublimated to the realm of art, so you can tell the criminal just by looking at the corpse.

In some places, this is called the fingerprint of a murderer, but in the end, Shagal erased his own fingerprints.

"Did you change your weapon?"

"Shagal of the Quick Sword. He handles dozens of daggers at the same time with a hand movement that is grotesquely fast. The schema's, what was it...... was it a folding technique?"

If folding increases efficiency by folding the human body diagram, folding is a technique that strengthens part of the body by folding it.

"Huh, just changing the weapon......"

"And Shagal of the Quick Sword is a master of stabbing."

Lian remembered that all the scars on his body were cut wounds.

"The corpse of the Ain tribe thrown in the sewer, it's your doing? It was so crude. That's why you haven't been caught so far."

Shirone even said it was a sign of torture.

"Did you come to, catch me?"

Shagal opened his mouth for the first time.

Of course, Luphyst had the authority to arrest Shagal and the duty to do so as a magician of the association.

But the reason he left the front door and entered the sewer was because there was a more serious matter.

"Unexpectedly, the 'Gatekeeper of the Sewer' you recently hired is you, but I don't have any business with you now. Guide him to Brooks."

Then, Shirone ran up, splashing water.

"Lian! Are you okay?"

"Well, as you can see."

Shirone, who confirmed that Lian was safe, walked up to Shagal with a glare.

"Hey! Who the hell are you......!"

But in the end, she made a dumbfounded expression when she found the man standing next to Lian.

"Mr. President?"

"Ho ho, who is this? Isn't this the traitor of Thormia?"

It was impossible not to know that Shirone had left the Red Line when she was nominated for the Ivory Tower.

But since the kingdom was the one who splashed the shit, it was closer to a joke than a mockery.

A sharp voice came from behind Shirone.

"The president of the Magic Association in a smelly place, hehe. This is a trembling guest."

Brooks' smiling face was floating like a ghost next to Aria, who was holding a torch.

* * *

Shagal, sitting on the iron door of the underground sewer where water droplets were falling, was lost in thought, fiddling with a cheap kitchen knife.

'La Enemy.'

He had never doubted the pleasure of murder while killing countless lives.
[Translated block]


Unlike most murders that occur out of necessity, a murderer kills people for pleasure.

Then, when that pleasure becomes so intense that they can't live without tasting it even for a day, they realize.

Just as it is not a sin for a beast to hunt for food, it is not a sin for a murderer to kill people.

Murder is prohibited by law in every country, but what Shagal feared was not human rules, but divine judgment.

To him, La Enemy was a special being who first taught him the fear of murder.

As if his tongue had been cut off, as if he were impotent, he no longer enjoyed murder after meeting him.

"I will kill. Definitely."

Shagal's eyes shone eerily.

Meanwhile, the Shiroene party headed to the conference room following Brooks.

On the way, Luphyst told Brooks about Shagal's identity, but Brooks just shrugged.

"Really? It's common for all sorts of guys to come in when you do this job."

That was the end of his admiration, and when they arrived at the door of the conference room, Aria hung a torch on the wall and said,

"I'll go first. I'm tired."

"Are you okay, don't you need to be escorted?"

"You seem busy, do your job. Shiroene, see you next time."

Aria pointed at Shiroene and said.

"Oh, yes. Be careful on your way."

Although it seemed unlikely that they would see each other again, Aria turned her body without asking anything as if she was sure.

When she left, Luphyst asked.

"Is she okay, that woman?"

"She's from the Teshiya family. She's more tight-lipped than my subordinates, so don't worry."

Brooks, who was confident, opened the door and entered, and Shiroene stopped and said.

"Excuse me, we'd like to go too. If you could just write us a confirmation that we've completed the request...."

"Oh, right. That's right."

It was Shiroene who had followed him just for that.

"You stay here too."

When Luphyst cut off the conversation, Lian's expression crumpled.

Even if he didn't know whether he was the president of the association or what, he was no longer in a position to give orders to Shiroene.

He didn't like the way he said he was lucky from the first time they met, so he was about to say something, but Shiroene stepped forward first.

"I'm sorry, but I'm busy. Besides, I'm no longer a magician affiliated with Red Line."

Luphyst laughed.

"I heard it ended smoothly, but you're quite grumpy."

"I'm human, too. I can't help but get hurt."

"That's right, I apologize for the kingdom's judgment. Anyway, it's good to have a corner to hide in. You're not a stranger to the association staff."

"That's true, but...."

He wanted to quickly wrap up the guild's part before the rumor of the annihilation of the thieves' group spread.

"And probably, the story I'm about to tell you now is not unrelated to your Ivory Tower test."

"What do you mean?"

Luphyst erased his smile and said.

"It's not in vain that you're looking for La Enemy in the Ivory Tower. All institutions in all countries around the world are looking for La Enemy. Of course, the Thormia Magic Association is no exception."

As Shiroene stared blankly, Luphyst pointed to the conference room with his thumb.

"How about it, are you willing to listen now?"

There was no room for argument, and the four of them pushed their bodies into a soundproof room.

Brooks sat at the table after turning four bottles of alcohol and cups.

"What is the reason for the president to see me secretly?"

"It's not a secret. Anyway, is there any other reason to find a mercenary broker? I want to hire a mercenary."

"A mercenary. There's no mercenary that fits the castle of the one who has the top magicians of the kingdom as his subordinates. Unless it's Shagal."

"It would be good to include him. The problem is not the skill. It's a matter that is difficult to move in the name of the association."

Brooks opened the lid of the bottle with a clink.

"Hehe, the world's association is hiding its body? I'm curious. What are you planning?"

"Mercenary. Even the top magicians of the kingdom are under his command, there's no mercenary that fits his castle. Unless it's Shagal."

"It would be good to include him. The problem is not the skill. It's a matter that is difficult to move in the name of the association."

Brooks opened the lid of the bottle with a clink.

"Hehe, the world's association is hiding its body? I'm curious. What are you planning?"
[Translated block]
"Shut down the shadow of Bashuka, Radum."

Brooks, who was pouring a drink for Luphiste, abruptly stopped his hand. He quickly put away the bottle of alcohol, trying not to show his trembling fingertips.

However, as if he already knew everything, Luphiste looked at Brooks and smirked.

"According to my information network, I understand that the leader of Radum's largest Ain species alliance 'Spectrum' is being held here?"

"What does that mean......"

"You've seen fourteen Ain species corpses on your way here. Of course, you also confirmed the bone tattoos engraved on the right upper arm. Don't you think it's strange that those who should be stuck in Radum keep flowing this way?"

Realizing that he had no choice but to trade, Brooks sat down.

"What do you want?"

"Hand over the leader of Spectrum, Venetia, to us."

"Wasn't it inviolable within the kingdom? Do you know what will happen if 'Spectrum' finds out that the association is involved?"

All the terrorist organizations in Radum would have ruined Bashuka.

"That's why we need mercenaries. The association will not officially move. We're going to form an organization and annihilate it."

"Why? Haven't you been getting along so far?"

"It was until now. But this time it's not just the kingdom's situation."

When Brooks made a face that he couldn't understand, Luphiste pointed his index finger.

"Venetia. She didn't get caught by you. She came here herself. I'm willing to bet my life on it."

It was true.

"I'm telling you clearly, she's not someone you can keep for long. If you keep her, she will eventually destroy you too."

"Who? The forces of Radum?"

"No. La Enemy."

Shirone quickly turned his head.

"La Enemy? Does that woman named Venetia have anything to do with La?"

As Luphiste poured alcohol into his glass, he took a deep breath.

"You must know, Anke La erased herself and started the Great Purification."

"Of course I know."

"The empire was the fastest, but through the information of Cage B team, Thormia also started to find La quickly. They wanted to eliminate her as much as possible before she showed up in the world. But they couldn't."

"Couldn't you find La's location?"

"No, rather the opposite. There were too many Las."

When Shirone frowned, Luphiste added.

"To be precise, La seemed to exist only as an 'event', but not exist."

"Exist only as an event?"

"You should have thought about it. There are plenty of ability users who can search for La Enemy on the human side. Knowing that, she wouldn't have reincarnated obediently. We should have realized it sooner."

"What is La thinking?"

"The answer is with Venetia. She is the only trinoc who has three brains that perceive the past, present, and future separately. She knew that the event of La would change her and confined herself. Maybe she read the future that we would come here."

"We, including me?"

Luphiste made a careful expression.

"Shirone. You know that the countries around the world are watching you. But we don't know you as much as you do. So I'm asking. Is there anything that comes to mind?"

"If there's anything that comes to mind......"

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Shagal said, I met La Enemy."

"Hmm, 'The Scent of the Event'. It's a pretty headache-inducing ability, but if he said so, it's likely to be true."

Lian had also heard Shagal's words, but there were still parts she didn't understand.

"La Enemy exists only as an event?"

"Think about it. It's natural. There are plenty of ability users who can search for La Enemy on the human side. Knowing that, she wouldn't have reincarnated obediently. We should have realized it sooner."

"What is La thinking?"

"The answer is with Venetia. She is the only trinoc who has three brains that perceive the past, present, and future separately. She knew that the event of La would change her and confined herself. Maybe she read the future that we would come here."

"We, including me?"

Luphiste made a careful expression.

"Shirone. You know that the countries around the world are watching you. But we don't know you as much as you do. So I'm asking. Is there anything that comes to mind?"

"If there's anything that comes to mind......"

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Shagal said, I met La Enemy."

"Hmm, 'The Scent of the Event'. It's a pretty headache-inducing ability, but if he said so, it's likely to be true."

Lian had also heard Shagal's words, but there were still parts she didn't understand.
[Translated block]
"But you can't remember, can you? If it only exists as an event, shouldn't some kind of memory remain, even if it's not visible?"

"No, rather, this is natural. No event can imprint on me," I said.

Shirone, recalling Gepin's words, spat out with conviction.

"Because I have no cause." 

Is there anything else you would like to know or discuss?
[Translated block]