


```text
[213] 5. Angel's Magic Formula (3)

"I trust you. I won't feel any anxiety."

Ikael smiled. He was glad that Shirone was a quick learner.

"That's right. Then let's start now."

Ikael closed his eyes and cast the possession.

As his glory body entered Shirone's mind, Shirone opened his eyes wide.

A flash of light burst from his pupils and a strange sensation of two minds merging was conveyed.

&nbsp;-Shirone, how do you feel?

&nbsp;-Uh, uh? This is...

Shirone was confused by his first experience of possession.

He couldn't tell if the thoughts that came to his mind were his own or Ikael's.

It felt like he was acting like a madman, playing two roles by himself.

&nbsp;-Don't be confused. I am Shirone, and Shirone is me. You just have to think of it.

He understood how it worked, but even the thoughts that came to his mind felt like his own delusions and gave him goosebumps.

Did he have to think of that? He felt like he could have thought of anything else.

&nbsp;-Don't doubt! If you start doubting, everything that makes up Shirone will collapse. Possession is a sensitive technique. Just accept it.

Shirone decided to trust him. He concluded that the thoughts in his mind were true, even if they were nothing more than his own delusions.

His mind relaxed and his heartbeat stabilized.

There was a hiccup, but the angel's magic circle hadn't even started yet.

Ikael decided to move on from the first obstacle.

&nbsp;-Now we're going to make the glory body. Pull your mind out.

Shirone changed his spirit zone to an exit type.

The angel's halo was above his head, but Shirone pulled out his spirit zone in front of him.

It was because it was the most familiar direction for humans.

&nbsp;-Is this okay?

&nbsp;-Yes. No, you did well. Whatever you do, Shirone's decision is important. You have to find the most efficient way yourself. Now we're going to make the halo that will be the frame of the magic circle. You have to draw a perfect circle with light.

Shirone waited without thinking anything. Then no voice came to his mind.

&nbsp;-Um... do you want me to do it now?

&nbsp;-Yes. Do it now.

Shirone was surprised. He thought he would at least give him some advice. But he thought there must be a reason for that and expanded the light into a ring shape.

A halo with a diameter of one meter was created in front of Shirone.

At least it looked pretty cool to the eye.

It was a neat circle and the brightness was moderate. It seemed like it wouldn't be inferior to an angel's halo.

&nbsp;-It's terribly lacking. You can't compute a huge amount of information with such a distorted circle.

As expected, Ikael's criticism came. It was a mess when it came down to units that humans couldn't identify with their eyes.

He couldn't find a way. A perfect circle is just a concept. How can he implement something that doesn't exist anywhere in the world?

&nbsp;-A perfect circle?

Shirone realized in a flash. There was one thing, the only thing in this world that was a perfect circle.

&nbsp;-That's right, Shirone. It's the immortal function. That's why nephilim are called descendants of angels.

He opened the immortal function and expanded his mind to the limit. That was the only perfect circle.

Because the whole is always perfect.

&nbsp;-But then...

He would lose himself as an existence. Didn't he already experience it in the space-time of the labyrinth?

&nbsp;-You have to operate the immortal function at 100 percent. And then you have to catch it again and implement it as a shape. I'll control it, but it's definitely dangerous. Can you do it?

He had to come back from the infinite realm. This was the first gate that he needed to master the ability of an archangel.

&nbsp;-I'll try it. I've done it once, so the second time should be easier.
```

How is my translation? Did I make any mistakes?
[Translated block]


```
I didn't have a bit of hope that it would be easy. But I felt like I would go crazy with tension if I didn't say something silly.

Shirone opened the immortal function.

It was a release without brakes or hesitation. His mind disintegrated and spread out infinitely.

Shirone's mind became an akashic record. But it was already perfect in itself, so it couldn't get any information.

- Shirone! Shirone! Hear my voice! Don't let go of yourself! Remember the feeling you have now! Pull it in with adamantine strength!

Shirone pulled his mind, which had been broken down to the smallest unit, into the edge of adamantine.

A huge ring of light swept everything up and rushed into Shirone's head.

A cold sound that cut through glass burst out. Then, in front of Shirone's eyes, a perfect light wheel was born without an inch of error.

The speed of light rotating on the light wheel as a rail was literally the speed of light. He had escaped in an escape form, but the spirit zone was still a magician's mind. It was a situation where his thoughts were paralyzed by having such a thing spinning in his mind.

In a word, Shirone had implemented the concept of immortal function in the real world.

Ikael's voice sharpened.

- Shirone! From now on, I will engrave the unique battery of the archangel on your light wheel! Don't let go of adamantine. You have to endure to survive!

A red flash popped out from the front and collided with the center of the light wheel.

A red wave spread and a magic circle of the simplest operation that distinguishes the difference between 1 and 0 was born.

From there, the formula gradually became more complex.

Various colors flew from nowhere and collided with the light wheel like a shower of sparks, engraving magic circles.

Numerous magic circles rotated like gears, meshing with each other.

The appearance of magic circles rotating in different sizes, speeds, and directions reminded him of a clock mechanism.

Shirone's head was about to burst.

The first gear turned a few gears, and then those gears turned hundreds of gears.

The scale of the operation was growing.

Shirone gave up calculating at some point.

He couldn't understand the meaning contained in the light wheel.

How could he know what concept 170,000 circuits and 4,800 magic circles were trying to reveal?

"Ugh!"

Blood dripped from his nose. He clenched his teeth and tried to endure, but equations reaching 100 million lines were endlessly rolling up. Calculating this was beyond human limits.

- Don't try to understand, Shirone! I understand! You accept it through the circuit of insight!

Shirone realized Ikael's intention.

He didn't need to calculate. He wanted to simplify the complex concept into truth and imprint it directly on Shirone's brain.

As the number of magic circles engraved on the light wheel exceeded 40,000, Shirone was able to experience God's realm.

It was none other than the speed of light operation.

Still, it took a long time, which meant that the concept contained in the light wheel exceeded human capacity.

He didn't know what it was yet, but it was definitely something beyond imagination.

- I can't do it anymore. No more...

Cracks began to appear in adamantine.

It was natural that a human being was forcibly accepting the battery that a higher-dimensional being had.

It was the third obstacle that Ikael had mentioned.

- We're almost there, Shirone! Just hold on a little longer...

Shirone's aftermath began to affect Ikael.

As the operation progress exceeded 90 percent, the magic circle automatically moved toward completion.

Shirone's mind was saturated. It felt like someone had planted a bomb in his head and detonated it.

He felt cracks in adamantine. His mind was breaking. That meant he was going crazy.

In fact, Shirone's heart was heading for serious destruction.
```
[Translated block]


```
Ikael looked at her with pity. Even if the magic circle was completed, she would not be able to withstand it. When the information density reached 100 percent, the Diamond Body would explode.

At that moment, a special change occurred in Shirone's mind.

The Diamond Body was cracking into countless pieces. If this was the state of Shirone's mind...

Ikael shuddered at the thought.

But an unexpected result appeared.

Despite the durability of the Diamond Body converging to zero, the shape of her mind did not change at all.

If the Diamond Body was compared to an iron ball filled with water, then Shirone's current state was like the process of water freezing.

When water starts to freeze, the iron ball breaks.

But what if it was a rubber ball? The size of the ball would increase as much as the volume of the frozen water.

That's why Shirone had increased her flexibility by crushing her durability into tiny units.

Softness overcame hardness.

Shirone's iron ball had shattered, but the shape of the ice inside remained intact.

Ikael's chest warmed up. Was this human resilience? Even though her mind was reduced to dust, and it must have been an immense mental pain, Shirone maintained her sanity until the end.

Her willpower evolved Shirone's mind to the next level. It was the realm of Diamond Body's evolved form, Diamond Attitude.

She broke the mold. There was only content.

Since there was nothing left to destroy, Shirone could remain steady in any situation.

If Diamond Body was the limit of durability, then Diamond Attitude, which had no mold, was the limit of flexibility that humans pursued.

The information density engraved on the halo exceeded 95 percent. It was an enormous amount of information.

But Diamond Body grew as much as it inflated. And it tightened again to trap the angel's information.

-Congratulations, Shirone.

Ikael sent her sincere praise. Could humans go back and forth between extremes?

Shirone had achieved both strength and flexibility. It was an undeniable leap.

Shirone, who was buried in the angel's information, could not think of anything. She just tried to endure, and realized that it was easier than before.

When the angel's magic circle was completed, her consciousness returned.

She saw a halo with dozens of magic circles rotating at different speeds. There must have been hundreds of times more magic circles operating inside.

It was a truly beautiful magic circle.

The halo that Ikael casted came into Shirone's experience completely. She could not understand the principle, but she could stamp out the completed concept like a seal.

-I did it, Ikael....

She closed her eyes as she finished speaking. Her consciousness faded and the world went dark.

@

Shirone squinted at the intense light. When she opened her eyes, Ikael looked down at her with a worried expression.

"Are you okay, Shirone? How do you feel?"

Shirone got up. She felt a bit embarrassed.

She had fainted twice since meeting Ikael. She thought it was quite hard to get along with a higher-dimensional being.

Shirone grabbed her throbbing head and asked.

"How long have I been unconscious this time?"

"A little long. About 20 minutes."

"What? Why...?"

When Shirone looked at him incredulously, Ikael said apologetically.

"Shirone was in shock. It wouldn't have been possible for you to fight in your best condition if I woke you up forcibly. Especially since you need to pour out all your mental power to use the angel's magic circle."

Ikael was right. But she still worried about wasting time.

"You don't have to worry. Your mental power has become stronger thanks to this incident. And you've recovered enough, so we can get to our destination faster than before."

Shirone examined her changes. A much more powerful effect was happening in her body than when she reached the realm of Diamond Body.
```

How is my translation?
[Translated block]


As his mind was sucked deeper than ever before, Shirone regained his confidence.

'If I go at full speed, I can make up for the time. I wonder how Lian and Canis are doing?'

He guessed that they had arrived or were about to arrive. That meant he still had a chance to catch up.

Is this translation accurate? Do you need anything else from me? 😊
[Translated block]