


[672] Lord of Horror (3)

Existence and non-existence.

Although defined separately like the front and back of a coin, Park Ji-gam recognizes it as just one coin.

As the world of microcosm creation folds, the Lord of Horror, Igor, reveals himself again.

"How are you still alive?"

The spectacle of Igor, who filled the horizon, speaking in unison was truly horrifying.

But Shiro-ne was looking at Ra Enemy, who created the current situation.

'What is he thinking?'

The fact that he even has Igor, the commander of the underworld, under his design meant that Ra Enemy's long-cherished wish was much larger than expected.

"Can you escape this time too?"

The spear of blue flame filled the space again and rushed in, but Shiro-ne no longer avoided it.

'So that's what it was.'

From the moment the first Igor appeared and stabbed the spear into the ground, the coin was flipped.

'I flip it again.'

The spear passed through, blowing up Shiro-ne's face and piercing his torso and limbs.

But like the moon reflected on the water surface, the ripples fluttered and the body was quickly restored.

'This is inside my heart.'

Of course, he had expected it, but guessing and sensing are completely different problems.

The reality of Igor, felt by the seventh sense, was as clear as if he had grasped an object with his hand.

"You weak being!"

Igor threw the spear like crazy, but it no longer reached Shiro-ne.

The spirit of Geumgangtae is clearly in the realm of non-existence.

But Shiro-ne could control his mind like a body, and the range of spirit enhancement that occurs from there was unparalleled.

"Just disappear."

When Shiro-ne reached out, a halo was born, and a brilliant five-color flash flew like a dagger, instantly inserting 100% of the information.

"Kuaaaaaa!"

Igor, overwhelmed by the presence of a perfect circle, screamed as if torn apart, and the photon cannon, enhanced by the magic amplification device, vibrated and passed through Ataraxia.

As the world was dyed in white light, Igor's scream faded away.

Ahhhhhh......

As the space where they were shrank, it was endlessly sucked into Shiro-ne's heart, and the events flowing from Shiro-ne's retina in the underworld also disappeared.

"......"

Shiro-ne, who blinked for a moment, looked down at his chest as if to check the battlefield he had been fighting so far, and then raised his head.

The spear of blue flame was still stuck on the ground, and Igor was sitting on a horse in silence.

"Pull out the spear. You should keep in mind that you can also disappear here."

"Kar de suma (it's unique)."

"Igor (is)."

"Did he order me to instill fear in me? To dominate my past."

Geppin clearly told Hexa that there was no cause.

So why does Shiro-ne remember the past that he has not experienced?

Igor said.

"Ra Enemy is just an event in the past. But that event is dangerous enough to break down the boundaries of the underworld. We are companions of space, but we are also enemies that should never meet. If you disappear, Ra Enemy will disappear."

That was why Igor appeared to eliminate Shiro-ne himself.

"That might be. But if the realm of existence is dominated, won't this world be safe in the end?"

"......That's right."

"Release your colleagues. I have no intention of giving up."

Igor scrutinized Shiro-ne's expression.

"Is it possible to stop Ra?"

"It's not because it's possible."

"Ra Enemy will eventually break down the boundaries of the world. Do you think you can handle it?"

Countless non-existences that were only possible to interfere will become real and roam the world.

'Well, just look at the situation now.'

Even the mercenaries who had been trained in their own way were forced to experience past traumas, weren't they?

If the boundary collapses and Igor is released into the world, wherever it is, it can be guaranteed to become hell within a day.
[Translated block]


"You know you can't avoid it, right? If you can't stop it, everything ends."

Igor, who had been pondering carefully, pulled out a small, glowing blue flame from his bosom.

"O conqueror of fear, receive this mark."

When Igor reached out his hand, the blue flame flew like a seed and landed on Shirone's palm.

The blue flame, perceived by the seventh sense, took the form of a necklace in the world of existence.

"I will exist where there is fear."

The necklace of Igor, the lord of fear.

When Shirone hung it around her neck through tactile sensation, Arman immediately sent a signal.

-New brainwave detected. Paralysis of a series of mental actions accompanied by fear.

It had the effect of forcibly eliminating fear.

For Shirone, who had almost been dominated by her past in La Enemy, it was an absolutely necessary item.

"That will determine your position and mine. Come find me when the time comes."

Like when Igor, who had turned a dead horse, appeared, he opened the space vertically and disappeared.

When Igor's ability was lifted, the members who had escaped from the terrible nightmare groaned and fainted.

On the other hand, the core members quickly grasped the situation as soon as Igor disappeared.

"Did you kill him?"

"Well, that's......"

Just as Shirone was about to answer, Shagal's voice came from outside.

"Die!"

Then, as the sound of iron hitting iron rang out at a tremendous speed, everyone rushed outside the structure without a first.

"What's that?"

Kuan and Shagal, who had escaped from the memories of the past, were fighting a bloody battle, showing off their tremendous martial arts skills.

"It's Shagal."

Upon hearing Luphist's words, a strong light entered Etela's eyes.

'That guy killed the archbishop...'

Indeed, the skill itself was undoubtedly real.

Even against Kuan, who was competing for the top rank among the members of Heaven, he did not fall behind, and especially his juggling skills to handle dozens of short swords at the same time were quite overwhelming.

'That guy killed the archbishop!'

But that was not a reason to kill the Archbishop of Carcass.

"I'll catch him!"

Without asking for permission, Etela flew her body.

If her skills were clumsy, she would have run away the moment she got caught in the gap between the two swordsmen, but she cleverly dug into the gap of the trajectory that transcended common sense.

'I won't take revenge!'

Etela, who clenched her teeth, spread the Yin-Yang Wave Fist.

'But you have to explain!'

At the feeling of fighting from the side, Shagal's gaze turned.

The hand moved faster than the eye, and three short swords were stuck in her forearm like teeth.

In an instant, seven shells were stuck in her forearm, but the blood did not flow back, and Etela dug deeper and exerted her power.

'Resonance strike.'

Shagal's eyes widened as he pulled his waist back and the fist brushed past.

The vibration of the air hit the abdomen, and the lungs were pressed down, and the eyes were wide open.

"Kuk!"

In order to avoid the continuous attack of Kuan, he had no choice but to widen the gap by throwing away his pride, and when he retreated 10 meters, dozens of short swords that had been pulled in advance followed.

'What, all of a sudden?'

He didn't think it was cowardly, but it was unpleasant to be disturbed at the point where the blood was boiling again after Igor disappeared.

"I'll kill you first......"

When Shagal, who had caught the short sword with his hand, looked back at Etela, his face turned pale as if his soul had left.

Because it was a battle that mobilized all five senses, it was the first time to see the opponent's face.

But the face that came into his eyes was a familiar face in his memory, except for a pair of glasses.

"Tia?"

Shagal's expression was so strange that even Kuan lowered his sword and looked at Etela.

"Did you know him?"

"No."

Etela firmly shook her head, but Shagal had no doubt about it.

"Tia, why are you?"

It's not just a matter of form.

Even if there were 100 people who looked exactly like her, Shagal was confident that he could pick out the real one from them.
[Translated block]


"One cannot deny what the heart, not the eyes, speaks...

'That can't be. She was definitely dead.'

Didn't I hold her cold body and wail?

Didn't I feel it with all my senses!

'Hehe! Hehe!'

I inhale to smell the scent of the incident, but my sense of smell doesn't work properly when trapped in the brain of the barrel.

'Come to think of it, Tia was...'

What did she look like?

My head spun and I felt dizzy.

'Why are you like that?'

At that moment, when Kuan grumbled at the sight of me staggering, Etela charged again.

'I can't miss it!'

I had to catch her and find out why she killed Raphael.

'Surrender! Murderer!'

'Ughhhhhhh!'

When Shagal, who covered his face with his left hand, swung dozens of short swords with his right hand, Etela's movements stopped abruptly.

It felt as if I was trapped in a vibration.

None of the blades flew towards her, and doing nothing was the only way to avoid the attack.

Feeling trapped in a death trap, Etela swallowed her saliva.

Shagal denied everything.

'No! It can't be like this!'

-Forgive me.

I heard Raiden's voice.

'Ughhhhh!'

Etela tried to chase Shagal, who twisted his body and ran away, but he was not a weak opponent who could be caught in a moment of gap.

'Damn it...!'

As Etela gritted her teeth and blamed herself, Luphist approached.

'Let him go for now. It seems serious, and we're not in a position to worry about others.'

Igor disappeared, but it was impossible to carry out the operation while trapped in the brain of the barrel.

'We can release the brain of the barrel.'

At Shiro's words, Luphist turned his head.

'How?'

'I think we can remove the trap.'

Shiro looked beyond the realm of existence through tactile sensation.

'It's over there.'

The place where Shiro took the party was in front of a snake statue stuck between structures.

The 2-meter-high snake, which spread its gills like a king cobra, was a man's corpse in the sense of touch.

'I'm sorry.'

When Elysion cast a small light bomb inside the man's skull, his face shook with a thud.

On the other hand, to the eyes of the party, it looked like the face of the cobra fell off with a thud.

'Huh?'

Gradually, a familiar landscape was revealed.

The structures that were beating like a heart turned into solid stone, and the bright morning sun was in the sky.

Still, only Shiro could feel something else.

'It was so complicated.'

Numerous spiritual beings that could not be felt by human senses were clearly conveyed through touch.

'Is this the feeling of a portrait when it is extremely weak?'

Shiro looked back at Luphist.

'Let's wake up the other members. We've been fooled a bit, but we won't be fooled easily in the future.'

Jane asked.

'What happened?'

Since it would take a day to explain in words, Shiro chose a simple method.

The necklace that became an object in the realm of existence conveyed its unique mass to the neck.

'Ah, this is how you use it.'

When Shiro reached out into the air, Igor's necklace burned with blue flames.

Everyone was lost in thought as they watched the spectacle of the air burning and turning into ashes around the palm of their hand.

'Did you open the touch?'

Knowing what Meirei's words meant, those who watched were absurd.

'Come to think of it, the prayer has definitely changed.'

When Luphist was lost in thought with a serious expression, a dull voice was heard from the other side of the world.

'Does Rakutas Sagaar Bero Dem (Do you need fear)?'

'No way...'

The ground rumbled and Igor, the lord of fear, appeared leading a dead horse.

When he turned his head towards the people who approached Shiro, Lian opened her eyes wide and pointed.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]