


[531] In the Coder (2)

24 hours after that, Miro and his party were still unable to access the Under Coder.

To get to the Under Coder, you have to go through Dreamo first.

The problem was that you needed the ability of lucid dreaming, which is to be aware of reality even in your dreams, to find the Dreamer Luber.

Marsha achieved lucid dreaming in just two attempts, but Lian was struggling.

"Do we have to go through Dreamo? Can't we just exit from the dream?"

Fermi shook his head.

"The Under Coder is a realm outside of the mind. Drug designers have tried various ways, but they failed. Dream Star only works in Dreamo."

"You heard him, right? Let's try it properly this time, okay?"

At Marsha's words, Lian nodded his head dejectedly and went into the next room.

It was following the advice to reduce psychological pressure, but honestly, he didn't even have a clue what lucid dreaming was.

"Damn it! Do I have to work hard to dream now?"

That's how the four of them fell into a dream again.

The dream they entered under Arius's control was a slum where alleyways were intricately connected.

Miro, Fermi, and Marsha quickly found each other, but as usual, Lian was nowhere to be seen.

The place where the three found Lian was an empty lot at the end of the alley where scrap materials were piled up.

He was swinging a rotten piece of wood and muttering something. Miro shook his head.

"He's in Rilpin."

Rilpin is the opposite concept of awareness, meaning a state of completely losing focus in a dream.

"Even if I say this, it's not good, but maybe it's okay like that, and if I still have to do it anyway...."

Fermi said.

"It's meaningless mumbling."

"Hey! Lian! Wake up! This is a dream!"

Marsha shouted with her hands cupped around her mouth, but Lian was already in a state where he couldn't hear.

She asked Fermi impatiently.

"How do you get out of Rilpin?"

"You need to give him a shock that makes him aware. But he'll wake up from the dream."

As soon as he finished speaking, Marsha walked over and hit Lian's back of the head with all her strength.

"Hey!"

The moment he heard a thud, Lian woke up in reality.

"Ouch!"

He had been hit in a dream, but he felt sore and rubbed the spot where he had been hit. The door opened with a bang.

Marsha stood there with her shoulders raised and smirked.

"Even so, there was no need to hit me...."

Marsha walked in quickly and raised her hand to hit Lian's back of the head again.

"Hey!"

But unlike in the dream, this time Marsha's hand hurt.

"Why are you hitting me?"

"Do you want to die? Are you doing this on purpose? Even ordinary people can do it with the help of an expert!"

"How do I know it's a dream when I'm dreaming?"

Marsha sighed deeply.

"Listen. If you fail, Sirone will never be able to come back here. Are you okay with that?"

Lian's face stiffened with tension.

'Yeah, I have to save Sirone. But how do I....'

Knowing that Lian was the most angry person, Marsha softened her expression and comforted him.

"If you can't do it with technology, try it with perseverance. You have to awaken in your dreams no matter what. Think of Sirone."

"I'll try again. Let's start right now."

And exactly 24 hours later, all four of them finally met in their dreams in a lucid dreaming state.

When they asked the Dreamer Luber to find them a job, he offered them three jobs related to love, power, and fame.

And when Miro and his party refused all of them, he made a playful expression and opened one of the doors in his dream and said.

"Go ahead. Dream whatever you want."

The party entered through the door and were stunned by the scenery that changed in an instant.

The door they came out of was gone, and in a world where thin fog lay, buildings of impossible heights pierced through the sky.
[Translated block]


"It's very high. It can't compare to heaven."

"It's not a real building."

As he lowered his head at Arius's voice, he saw a blue-furred dog sitting there.

It was Arius's wish to become a dog of the maze, which was projected as the form of his avatar.

"What do you mean it's not real?"

"It's just information of the scenery. The actual state of the building probably wasn't even created."

"It's for decoration. Like a prop for a play."

Then there was a thud and the ground shook.

The faces of the party members who looked up at the sky reflexively turned pale.

"Cotton candy?"

Marsha said in a trembling voice.

"Who... wanted cotton candy? You should have said something. I would have bought it for you."

"No. It's not just our thoughts. That's also why Dreamo is dangerous."

Fermi said.

"I'm sorry, but there's something more serious than that. It's time for the capsule to melt. The effect of Dream Star will kick in soon."

As predicted, the bodies of the four people lying side by side in reality twitched lightly.

As Dream Star awakened their brains and transmitted the sensations of reality to them, the scenery of Dreamo began to shake violently.

"Kiaaaa!"

At the same time, the color of the cotton candy changed to a dull color as if it had been soaked in dirty water, and it dissolved like smoke and covered them.

"It's starting! Pay attention to your focus and run!"

Fermi took the lead and Miro followed him and asked.

"Why did it suddenly do that? Was it bad food?"

"It's because of the effect. We have become foreign entities that shouldn't be in Dreamo."

Lian nodded his chin toward the front.

"Then is that normal?"

In the midst of the shaking that rocked the world, all the structures that they could see were breaking like fragments and falling down.

The dream was collapsing.

"This way!"

Fermi abruptly changed direction and opened the door of a building and entered, and the remaining four people ran toward the door.

The scenery changed again, and they were stunned to find an endless sea stretching out beyond the deck.

"Damn it!"

They were on a boat, and there was no exit in sight.

"What do we do? This place will collapse soon too."

"We can't get out of Dreamo by just changing dimensions like this. We have to either go to the end of the sea or find an exit to a new dimension."

"Wait! Something's wrong!"

The waterway shook as if the ground was shaking, and then the seawater began to rise high.

As if there was a fire under the sea, all kinds of sea creatures jumped out of the water and arched over and dived.

"I don't think we can make it in time."

It could be the end of information that 10 meters ahead is sea.

But if they rowed believing that and their judgment was wrong, they would be drowned here without a chance to move.

"There, there...!"

Marsha couldn't finish her sentence and pointed at the sky, and everyone looked there.

A giant white pillar of planetary scale came down from the sky at an angle and sank into the distant sea.

The four people stared blankly at the air.

A child's face with a few chromosomes missing seemed to float over the entire sky, and the white pillar was attached to his mouth.

"Another dimension is starting to interfere."

"Run! Get off the boat!"

Miro lifted everyone up with air magic and flew out of the deck.

As they tried their best to rise into the sky, the child's cheek caved in and then the water level dropped rapidly as if evaporating into the white pillar.

The sight of a planet's seawater being sucked in at once was beyond common sense enough to shock them just by looking at it.

Arius, who was on Miro's back, shouted.

"I found it!"

"Where?"

"That pillar, no, inside that straw!"

They had found the only passage connecting to another dimension, but they didn't even need to bother.

As soon as the sea disappeared, then air began to be sucked in, and four humans and one dog also went in there.
[Translated block]


"Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo."

As the child blew air, beautiful soap bubbles were born and scattered with the wind.

Five soap bubbles burst, and Miro's party looked around with surprised expressions.

Pretty children were playing with soap bubbles.

But there was no time to enjoy the aftermath of escape, as the aftermath of collapse came immediately.

As darkness began to push in from far away outside the meadow, the children cried out in fear.

As if reacting, the ground shook, and finally, sticky shapes like mucus came down endlessly from the darkness that covered the sky.

"It's a nightmare! Don't touch it! If you do, this world will turn into a nightmare!"

"Kieeeee!"

The sleek darkness rushed toward Miro's party.

Lian, who was about to swing his sword reflexively, remembered Arius's advice and immediately activated Denai.

As his upper body twisted as if space was distorted, the nightmare barely grazed his chest and passed by.

"There are too many numbers!"

The speed itself was not very fast, but the movement that did not apply inertia was like each one was performing acrobatics.

Miro, who had sent two nightmares through his side, shouted at Fermi.

"Can't you get out of here with space travel?"

"Can you keep your focus?"

"Did you forget who I am?"

"Then hurry up!"

As soon as Fermi's words ended, Miro cast space travel with everyone and immediately darkness came down like the sky collapsed and crushed the ground.

Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump!

The huge darkness followed the flash of space travel endlessly like an elephant's leg stepping on ants.

"Where the hell is the end!"

Arius shouted.

"It's expanding because of the nightmare! We'll never be able to get out of here at this rate!"

"Aww, really!"

Miro stopped space travel and put down his party, and from beyond the horizon a huge nightmare stretched out a shape like a human hand and pushed in.

"Let's do this to the end!"

Miro stretched out his clasped hands forward as he glared at the nightmare that covered the world and pushed in.

Mental transcendence prajna-one hand palm.

A giant avatar of Guanyin was born from Miro's halo and stabbed the center of the nightmare with a clasped hand.

Miro spread his arms and the avatar did the same, tearing apart the body of the nightmare left and right.

"That's it! Let's go!"

Lian and Marsha looked at him with incredulous expressions, but Miro didn't care and immediately cast space travel to escape everyone out of the nightmare's territory.

"What's left now?"

Fermi said with a grim expression.

"It's a nightmare."

Cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo!

As if floating on the sea, the meadow swayed and an explosion occurred from under the ground.

Miro's party scattered in all directions and flew their bodies in zigzags as much as possible, but time began to slow down little by little.

'Damn! It's nightmare time.'

Sonic booms sounded from all sides, and fire pillars pierced through the floor from under the ground.

And finally, an explosion that was incomparable to anything before occurred at a point in between where the party was connected by a line.

Peeeeeeeeeeeeeer!

In slow motion, everyone soared into the sky and spun around uncontrollably due to the shock.

Marsha could clearly see her party moving slowly as if floating in her eyes.

She passed by Arius, who was pitifully flipped over and biting his tongue, and her eyes moved back to the explosion of fire, feeling a thrill she had never experienced in her life.

The fire that was full of hot heat spread out into a huge flower and bloomed.

Fire flowers were blooming all over.

The surface of the flower was greasy as if it had been oiled, burning like gold and brightening the world like daylight.

"Ah..."

Marsha looked at it with a dazed eye.

'It's a really amazing nightmare.'

At the same time, time returned.

"Snap out of it!"

Just before losing focus, Miro wrapped Marsha's waist and flew toward the horizon.
[Translated block]


Everyone was already gathered around her.

The biggest explosion had spread a shockwave that threw Miro and her companions hundreds of meters away, and just before falling into the buoyancy of Rilfin, Miro crashed and rolled on the ground.

"Huah, huah."

Marsha couldn't calm down her excitement as the brilliant scene she had seen a little while ago still seemed vivid, and Lian also had a drained expression.

"We've arrived."

Fermi smiled and pointed to the front.

"This is the end of the mind."

No explanation was necessary.

The sunset that they had seen from the meadow in the distance was right in front of them.

Like a picture painted on a wall, it was exactly the same size as when they saw it from afar, without an inch of error.

"Information can no longer be created here. If you cross this boundary line, it will be the territory of the Under Coder."

Miro rolled up her sleeves cheerfully and moved her steps.

"Okay, then shall we start for real?"

Miro stopped for a moment in front of the sunset and pushed her body in as if she had made up her mind. Her body disappeared inside like a curtain of illusion.
[Translated block]