
"Then you'll be attacked by the guardians of the forest. They are fierce beasts that protect the life tree from intruders. They can sense the vibration of our footsteps and track us down. That's why we have to wait until the sound stops."

The boy looked at the dense forest with curiosity and fear. He wondered what kind of creatures lived there, and why they needed to collect something from the life tree.

"What is the life tree? And why do we need to collect from it?"

The boy asked Wood, who was sitting on a rock and checking his equipment.

"The life tree is a sacred plant that connects us to Ra, the sun god. It gives us his blessing and power, and helps us survive in this harsh world. We need to collect its fruits, which are called sunberries. They are rich in energy and nutrients, and can heal our wounds and diseases. They are also the only way to communicate with Ra, who can guide us and answer our questions."

Wood explained, holding a sunberry in his hand. It was a bright yellow fruit that glowed softly.

"Wow, that sounds amazing. How do you communicate with Ra?"

The boy asked, fascinated by the sunberry.

"Well, you have to eat one and then close your eyes. Then you'll see a vision of Ra, who will speak to you in your mind. He'll tell you what you need to know, or what he wants you to do. But you have to be careful, because sunberries are very rare and precious. You can't waste them on trivial matters. You have to use them wisely and respectfully."

Wood said, putting the sunberry back in his bag.

"I see. Can I try one?"

The boy asked eagerly.

Wood hesitated for a moment, then shook his head.

"No, not now. You're not ready yet. You have to earn Ra's trust first, by proving yourself worthy of his blessing. You have to pass a test, which is to collect sunberries from the life tree by yourself. It's not easy, because you have to avoid the guardians and climb up the tree without falling. Only then will you become a true child of the sun."

Wood said firmly.

The boy felt disappointed, but also curious.

"What kind of test did you pass?"

He asked Wood.

Wood smiled slightly, then pointed at his left eye.

"I lost this eye during my test. A guardian clawed it out when I was climbing up the tree. But I didn't give up, I kept going until I reached the top and grabbed a sunberry. Then I ate it and saw Ra for the first time. He praised me for my courage and endurance, and gave me his blessing. He also gave me this."

Wood lifted his goggles and showed his left eye socket, which had a metal implant that glowed red.

"It's a solar eye. It lets me see things that normal eyes can't, like heat signatures, infrared rays, and electromagnetic fields. It also enhances my vision and accuracy when I use my weapon."

Wood said proudly.

The boy was amazed by Wood's story and his solar eye.

"That's incredible! You're so cool!"

He exclaimed.

Wood chuckled and put his goggles back on.

"Thanks. But don't get too excited. You'll have your chance soon enough. The sound is fading away. That means the guardians are going back to their nests. It's time to go."

Wood stood up and grabbed his rifle.

"Come on, follow me closely. And don't make any noise."

He said quietly.

The boy nodded and got up as well.

He followed Wood into the forest, hoping to pass his test and become a child of the sun too.
[Translated block]


"I don't know either, because I've never been inside, but the guys say it's terribly headache-inducing."

Ignoring their conversation, the boy shivered as he looked at the fresh plants.

'It's a forest. A forest.'

Another memory, not from before hibernation, flickered in the back of his brain.

'Why are my memories so jumbled?'

He wondered if he had dreamed while in hibernation, but that was impossible considering the minus 273 degree state.

"Oppa, the sound stopped."

"Good. Then let's go in now."

There was no sign of any living creature in the forest except for plants.

It was a strange thing that a forest was formed without even a common insect, but the boy's common sense question was crushed by the absurd sight in front of him.

"This is......"

A giant tree stood in the center of the field.

No, could this be called a tree?

It writhed at regular intervals as if it had a heart, and it was brown, but if you looked closely, the nest and branches were intertwined like muscles with fibers.

But what shocked the boy most was the 'fruit' on the tree.

The fruits hanging from the tree were not fruits, but fetuses.

Humans born from trees.

They were the children of the sun, the masters of this world.

"Remember, Hamey? You also bloomed there. The guys picked you up."

Hamey just stared blankly at the tree of life.

"You can only enter the tree of life twice a day. When the sound I told you about disappears. The guys say that the power from the tree of life blocks access from other creatures. That's why Mucus can't erode here either."

The fetuses coming down from the branches of the tree of life were connected to nipples on their heads, and when they had a full human appearance, the nipples stretched almost to the ground.

Woodga crouched down and approached a fetus that was hovering its plump buttocks above the ground.

"Okay, if it's almost down to the ground, you can pick it. Then here......"

He cut off a foot or so of nipple with scissors and caught it as the fetus cried out in surprise.

"Wah
[Translated block]


Even without a unique auditory organ to hear Ra's warning, the children of the sun knew that the underground people came here to take away the fetuses.

"Let's finish them off at once. It's a headache if they scatter."

When the leader winked, the underground people who were sitting on the trees nodded their heads.

"Now!"

As soon as the target came into range, the leader grabbed a branch and swung like a swing.

But Woodga and Hamei had already been pushed by the boy and jumped into the bushes.

"......What?"

How did they know and avoid it in advance?

'Did they notice the ambush? No, if so, they wouldn't have come this way in the first place?'

"Leader! What do we do?"

The leader's face crumpled.

"Tear them apart!"

"Kiyaaah!"

The underground people screamed like monkeys and flew on branches, grabbing rifles.

Woodga screamed at the bullets that rained from all sides, falling into the bushes.

"Ahhh! Save me!"

"Calm down! We have to get out of here first!"

The boy who lifted Woodga and Hamei up and ran ahead, moved without hesitation even though it was his first time here.

'What is that guy? He's completely different.'

Woodga thought of the ruler of the flock, the chief judge, who did not lose his cool even after being attacked by the underground people.

"No, he's just a slave. Hamei! Let's run too!"

The children of the sun were not inferior to the boy in speed, but the problem was that the physical abilities of the underground people surpassed that.

"Yahoo! They're here!"

An underground person hanging on a branch in front pulled the trigger as soon as the boy twisted his body and hid behind a tree.

Tutatatatatata!

The vibration of the tree trunk exploding was transmitted through his back, but the boy's eyes were sharply looking around.

The movements of the enemies wandering around were too agile to accurately count their numbers.

'I can't be overwhelmed by fear. I have to survive by grasping the situation until the end.'

He is not dead until he dies.

When he concentrated his mind with determination to take one step out of the cliff, his senses became clearer.

'There are 7 enemies with physical abilities far superior to humans. They have long-range weapons that can smash trees. It's hard to run away.'

"Brother! Save me!"

He turned to where Hamei's scream came from and saw three underground people running towards her.

Woodga blocked their way, but no matter how he thought about it, he didn't have the durability to stop such powerful weapons.

'What should I do?'

Pupupupupuk!

When fragments flew from the tree trunk, the boy who had stuck his head out quickly turned his body back.

"Damn it!"

They didn't even think about approaching and used up a whole magazine without sparing bullets.

'It's very inefficient.'

What this meant was that underground people were more like warriors burning with emotion than cold soldiers.

'I can't get out of here......'

When he didn't hear any gunshots that should have been heard by now, he turned his eyes to Hamei.

The underground people were keeping their distance and aiming their guns at her.

'Why don't they shoot?'

The reason why underground people hunt is only for eating.

If they don't hurt their prey, it's a better way to get more meat.

"Hehehe. Come on, let me put one in your head."

"Wait! I like heads! Just shoot her in the heart! The heart is tough and tasteless."

"Are you crazy? The organs in that area are so delicious. Just blow her head off!"

"I'm starving to death! I'll just do it!"

An underground person who couldn't stand hunger in front of food raised his gun.

'No!'

At the moment he thought he had to save them, the boy's body turned into a flash of light and flew away.

When he came to his senses, he was already blocking Woodga and Hamei's front.

"What, what is that! Shoot!"

The underground people who were confused pulled the triggers of their rifles at the same time, and the boy's eyes widened.

Fury!

A curtain of light vibrated explosively with a loud noise, and the trajectory of bullets twisted sharply and stuck into tree trunks behind him.
[Translated block]
The harmony of the explosion erased the child's cry, and as the magazine emptied, it seemed like a ringing in the forest.

"Why, why are there bullets?"

The boy just stared at the ground and accepted the new memories echoing in his head.

-Spirit zone. Extremely sensitive mental state.

-God's particle. Mass is energy.

-Collide your thoughts. It's called force.

"Ro, Rosine?"

The boy came to his senses at Woodga's voice.

"......It's not Rosine."

And he walked towards the underground people with a blank expression and said.

"Shirone. My name is Arian Shirone."

Shirone information recovery rate.

48 percent.
[Translated block]