


[369] Special Training (4)

Shirone began to practice laser-guided magic in earnest.

He had no problem with omnipotence because he could use lasers, but his battery was beyond the level of the advanced class.

In that sense, Isabel was a savior.

As the person in charge of the magic library, her explanation was easy to understand and did not miss the point.

Light is also a kind of electromagnetic wave. The laser-guided magic developed by Jacobi was an active homing system that guided the projectile to the target by observing the wavelength radiated by the collision of the laser with the object.

And for this to be possible, Sicker, a laser search magic, had to precede it.

"Ugh! I don't know, I don't know! What is this! It's information magic after all!"

Shirone took his eyes off the book and made a sad face.

The page he was looking at had an algorithm for attaching Sicker, which was like a monster's language from his point of view.

Flu, who was reading a magic book across the training ground, stuck out his tongue and said.

"You should have chosen a magic book according to the difficulty level. You have a month left. How about giving up and looking for something else now?"

Shirone looked at Flu with a timid eye. Anyway, he was so mean.

"Senior also said it was okay at first."

"Well, I'm not saying it's impossible right now. If you work hard, you might be able to do it in a month. But anyway, there's such a thing as Plan B, right?"

"Hmm, Plan B..."

As Flu said, if he was going to give up, it would be better to do it now.

If he invested more time here, he might end up going back to school with just one sand movement.

"I'll just try it until the end. Thanks to you, I learned a lot. And radio waves too."

As Shirone finished speaking, Flu closed the magic book he was reading and got up.

"Okay, if that's what you think, let's do it for real."

Shirone lifted his head along with Flu's face approaching.

"The most important thing right now is Sicker. The link magic that fuses lasers and photon cannons."

"Yes. But this is too hard? I'm weak at information magic."

"It's not only information magicians who use algorithms. For example, I can do it too."

"Really? Senior?"

Shirone opened his eyes as if he couldn't believe it. Then Flu grabbed his magic wand and entered the center of the training ground. And he showed off his skills by hitting the ground with his staff.

"Phoenix."

A giant phoenix rose from the crystal ball at the end of the wand like smoke and floated in the air.

There was no one in the radius, so the phoenix kept silent with only its wings fluttering.

Flu pointed at himself and said.

"What do you think my major is?"

"Oh, well... aren't you a fire magician?"

"No. Of course I deal with fire-related things, but to be precise, I'm a joiner."

Shirone tilted his head as he remembered Ethela.

If a giant spirit zone that transcends common sense and a highly artistic sense were the characteristics of a joiner, Flu had none of them.

"A special major, you might not know. So when you say joiner, people usually think of only search-type magicians. But joiner means just an expert in spirit zones."

Flu showed two fingers.

"Joiners are divided into search-type and manipulation-type, and I belong to the latter manipulation-type magician."

"Ah, I see. You manipulate that phoenix."

"That's right. Phoenix shoots fire at all targets in the spirit zone. The reason why it reacts faster than empathy is because it uses Dorkins algorithm. Automatic reaction of nerves and mind. It was also an automatic reaction that blocked the vampire's attack at Gold Tower."

Shirone's expression went blank.

A special major joiner who graduated from Royal Magic School as valedictorian.

It was because of her that she was able to precisely balance the golden balance of the spirit zone.
[Translated block]


"It's the same for the exploration series. If the virtue of a combat mage is endurance, then Joner is a madman for density. But the mind is not a particle, so even if it's 100 percent density, it doesn't mean it's full. It just means that your senses are 100 percent accurate. So it's really hard to raise it from 95 percent or more."

Flu tossed his magic wand behind him and moved his seat. Shirone's head followed him.

"Of course, if you're a Joner, you have to do at least 100 percent. Then you use a unit called specific gravity to increase the clarity. If you think of a normal spirit zone as a gas, the spirit zone of Joner can reach the specific gravity of liquid, clay, or even rock depending on the level."

As Shirone sat down, Flu stopped there and raised his finger.

"Still, the minimum standard for Joner is 60 percent density. The spirit zone of the exploration series is huge. If you expand your spirit zone to 2 kilometers in diameter without entering Immortal Function, your density will drop to zero percent. That's why Joner is density, only density."

If the density is zero percent, the spirit zone won't be created anyway. But it was easy to understand by simply comparing.

"Now, how do you explore a radius of 2 kilometers with a density of 60 percent? This is where the algorithm comes in. For example, if you use the Pisaski algorithm, you can search for metal materials within the radius. It's because it catches the reflectance of light, but it's less efficient at night."

Shirone was shocked by the novelty. If ordinary magic affects the outside world, algorithms are meta-magic that give unique functions to the spirit zone.

It wasn't as good as Schema, but mages had also developed magic against magic.

How vast is the world of magic?

His heart began to beat faster. It's wide. And deep. A huge playground that never gets boring even if you devote your whole life was spread out in front of him.

* * *

Shirone learned step by step how to enter an algorithm into Sicker with Flu's help.

It was a continuation of the basics, and Isabel took care of the complex theories of advanced level.

Time passed quickly and he barely finished the battery stage four days before leaving the Magic Association.

"Finally. It's over."

Shirone closed the magic book and lay down flat. He had never studied so hard at school.

It wasn't a matter of effort, but a biological limit.

Humans have to sleep somehow, but the sleep device of the Magic Association overcame the impossible.

"I did it, I did. I really did it."

Shirone muttered in a dazed state of mind. It seemed like steam was coming out of his head.

Flu, who had suffered as much as Shirone, also had a thin face in a month.

"......You're really a freak too. Just give up."

Flu was full of enthusiasm at first, but as he passed halfway through, he slowly reached his limit.

Of course she had to do her job at the association during the day, but even considering that, Shirone's obsession was great.

"Hehe! How about that? I did it!"

Flu kept her last pride.

"No. Do you know that? It was physically impossible for ordinary people. You've just finished your battery. Therefore my calculation judgment was correct."

Shirone also admitted that fact.

Magic doesn't work just by learning batteries.

Nevertheless, he stuck to laser guidance until the end because he already had omnipotence.

"Then shall we start soon?"

As Shirone got up slowly, Flu shook his head.

"No, no way. You have to rest today."

"But I don't have time."

"No way! If you go into practice in that state, you'll really die. Not only you die, but I die too!"

"Then how about sleeping device......"

"That too! Go to your room right now! If you don't sleep more than 8 hours today, I won't help you anymore!"

Flu pushed Shirone's back and forcibly sent him back to his dormitory.
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone's footsteps were heavy as she walked back. She had no time. She was so anxious that she didn't even think about the lack of sleep.

"Just a little more. Let's at least review and sleep."

Shirone lay down on the bed with a laser-guided magic book.

And fell asleep a second later.

The next afternoon.

"Yikes! I'm in big trouble!"

People passing by in the hallway turned their heads at the sound coming from inside the dorm.

Soon the door opened and Shirone, who had washed her hair and didn't even dry it, ran to the training ground.

Now there were only three days left.

She had to practice today and take the test tomorrow to achieve her goal.

When she arrived at the training ground, Flue was already ready.

Shirone opened her eyes wide. She had overslept, but Flue should have been at work.

"Huh? What happened?"

"Did you sleep well?"

Flue checked Shirone's condition first.

"Yes. I'm so annoyed that I slept too much. But what about your work?"

"I took a vacation. I'll take care of you intensively for the next three days."

"Ah......"

Moisture filled Shirone's eyes.

She used her vacation, the best sweetness for a worker, for her junior's training. Today she looked like an angel to her.

"Senior......"

Flue shrank her neck like a snake and reached out her hand at Shirone's approach with a strange expression.

"What, what is it, that look! Go away! Gross!"

As Shirone kept coming closer, she backed away in a hurry, unable to touch her body. And after confirming that Shirone had stopped, she said.

"Anyway, since I've come this far, I have to see you succeed. So let's do it right."

Shirone also had a serious face by now.

"Yes, please!"

The training that lasted until midnight was extended until the next morning with the help of a sleep capsule.

She fixed many errors in the algorithm overnight, but there was still a long way to go.

"Well, you've got Sicker installed. Then let's try fusion properly this time. Can you do it?"

"Yes, I'll try."

Shirone warmed up her mind with a heat equation and entered the Spirit Zone.

As the sequence in her head sped up, her eyes widened.

'Homing Photon Cannon!'

Eight photon cannons were created around Shirone. The pale and beautiful light of spheres.

The difference from before was that there was a red dot in the center of each sphere.

Laser pointer, Sicker.

"Fusion successful. Now target aiming algorithm."

Shirone, who was operating Sicker according to Flue's instructions, said with a bewildered expression.

"Um... where is the target?"

Flue slapped her palm.

"Oh, right! There should be an experimental drone somewhere."

Flue rummaged through the supply box in the corner of the training ground. Then she turned her head as if she had a good idea.

"No, don't do that. I'll take it myself."

She moved along the wall of the supply box and stood with her back against the east wall.

"You're going to take it yourself?"

"Yeah. We don't have much time anyway. Let's skip the trivial stuff."

It seemed efficient to Shirone too.

She aimed at Flue in the Spirit Zone and Sicker aimed at Flue as if by algorithm.

Eight laser points stuck to various parts of her body.

Flue looked at the spheres floating in front of her and swallowed saliva.

The Sickers embedded in the center of the photon cannons looked like emotionless monster eyes staring at her.

'This... it's much scarier than I thought.'

She tilted her body slowly and eight laser points moved at the same time to follow her.

She straightened her waist again and this time too Sickers turned their direction without fail. She felt a slight chill.

'It's fast enough as it is. And it tracks me?'

Shirone, who was ready, said.

"Senior, then start......"

"Wait a minute."

Flue reached out her hand. Shirone stopped the magic in a hurry and looked blankly.
```
[Translated block]
She coughed and then avoided eye contact as she spoke.

"I don't think this is right. Let's just do it with a drone."
[Translated block]