


[694] Reunion Site (3)

While enjoying the beautiful winter garden scenery, Madeleine came running from the direction of the king.

"Mr. Iruki! Mr. Iruki!"

It was a matter of attitude for a researcher of the rank of Thunderbolt to be absent from the meeting, and Shiro worried about Iruki.

"Are you okay? You're not being disciplined because of me, are you?"

"I'm fine. I just got a stamp from someone. Besides, this is not a school. If they don't use a high-ranking person like me, they're the ones who lose."

His confidence was still there.

"What are you doing here now? The Thunderbolt has been turned upside down!"

Iruki turned his body and spoke.

"I'm going to attend now. It's not over yet, is it?"

"No, it's not a meeting!"

"Huh?"

Madeleine opened her rabbit eyes and shouted.

"Mr. Albino asked you to come right away! I've never seen him so angry in my life."

A shadow fell on Iruki's face.

"I'm sorry, but I have to go now."

"No, I'm sorry."

"Don't worry. There won't be any punishment if it's my father. Geez, I was going to take a break for a few days on this occasion."

Shiro's eyes became gloomy.

Iruki, who used to get suspended on purpose by causing accidents when classes were boring at school.

"You don't mean, on purpose......"

Iruki cut off his words and looked back at Lian.

"It was nice to meet you. Please take care of Shiro."

"Yeah. Let's have a drink next time."

Kido spoke.

"Take care, brother."

The fact that he was joking meant that Shiro had recognized Iruki's true character, so Shiro laughed.

'I knew you'd like it.'

"Shiro, be sure to pass. I'll be looking forward to the good news."

Despite his relaxed smile, Iruki, who turned his body, ran towards the king as if his butt was on fire.

Shiro looked back at Lian and Kido and spoke.

"Well, let's get going. There's still a chance for a comeback. We're going to be fast from now on."

Kido asked.

"You said you had something in mind, right?"

"Yeah. I'm thinking of going to Kashan."

"Kashan? That's an empire, isn't it?"

Because the taste of memory does not convey all memories, Kido did not know about the relationship between Shiro and Kashan.

Lian spoke.

"You're going to meet Teraje, right?"

"As much as I don't want to owe anyone......"

Woorin was not an easy person.

"Since the situation has come to this, I think I'll have to use the card. Woorin should know about La Enemy."

"Then the next destination is Kashan. Let's see......"

Lian spread out a simple map.

"There are two routes out of Bashuka, the Kingdom of Kazura and the Kingdom of Across. But since Kazura has closed its borders......"

There was no choice but to go through Across, which goes up parallel to the coastline with Torumia.

"Then we'll arrive at Kashan via Across, Merhen, and Zive. But is this map scale true? The distance from the Kashan border to the capital is longer than going through three kingdoms?"

Kashan is the largest territory in the world.

"Are you okay? It takes two months even if you run non-stop by carriage."

"No. We're not going to take the Across route. Let's go to Kazura. From there, we'll jump straight to Kashan."

"Hmm, that's a way."

The daughter born between King Orkampf of Kazura and Teraje Mista was Woorin.

Although it had severed diplomacy with other countries after the paternity confirmation uproar, it was proof that Kazura was under the jurisdiction of Kashan.

"There should be a direct channel to Kashan in Kazura that can teleport. If we use that, we can save time."

"But it won't be approved. If illegal immigration is detected, it could lead to a conflict between countries."

"Orkampf will want to see me."

Shiro's eyes were filled with sadness.

"Because the son of the queen died instead of me."

Gefin used the prince of Kazura to remove the cause of Hexa.
[Translated block]


"Is that so."

"I think we need to save time, but we also need to report that our son has died."

They must have been tasting despair every day in the hope that their child might still be alive.

"You intended to go to Kazra from the beginning."

They talk about efficiency, but probably the latter reason is bigger.

'So that's why it's third.'

Lian realized why Shirone only got one vote in the Ivory Tower vote.

Tzuyu didn't reveal it, but she probably evaluated Shirone's car like this.

It's huge, but it's too slow.

'Because they're trying to embrace everything.'

But because it was such a Shirone, Lian also decided to entrust her entire life to him.

'Whoever gave the vote, they won't regret it.'

Lian, who made the decision, said.

"Okay, let's go to Kazra!"

Kido raised his hand.

"That's all good, but how are we going to get to Kazra? You said the border was closed?"

"Huh?"

Lian blinked his eyes.

* * *

"Do you want to go to Kazra?"

Aria, sitting at the desk of the Wangsung Ministry of Foreign Affairs, asked back.

"Yes. I think there should be a diplomatic secret channel even though the border is closed."

"Hmm."

It's true that she likes Shirone, but there's no room for emotions to interfere with her work.

"Do you have to go through Kazra? If it's going to Kashan, I can send a cooperation document to the nearest country."

"It's still late. If you can't jump directly to the capital of Kashan, it's the same as wasting time."

And the only way to go to the capital of Kashan at the moment was through Kazra.

"If there is a channel connected to Kazra...."

Aria took off her glasses and put them on the desk.

"I would have lied that there isn't. Because it's my job. But the reason I don't need to lie is because there really isn't. The channel is completely blocked."

It was the most honest answer a diplomat could give.

"Is there really no way?"

"There are three main ways to go to Kazra. First, cross the border. But the security will be tight. Second, use the Red Line channel. Because Kazra is also a member of the Red Line, you can go through the Magic Association. However, in this case, all countries under the Red Line can track your route. Lastly, go through the demilitarized zone designated by the agreement between the kingdoms. Usually, there is a secret conference place that is not publicly disclosed between countries. Probably the reason you found me is because of the third method, but currently even that is blocked."

"Hmm."

Shirone stared at Aria.

She told me all the ways even though she said there was no way, but it was a matter that she couldn't dare to say out loud.

"The place where the secret conference is located is only known to high-ranking nobles, so naturally the security is loose. It's not that there isn't, but it's easier to break through than other places. However, if you get caught, Torumia will have to pay a huge compensation."

"Hmmmm."

As Shirone's silence grew longer, Aria's eyes became sharper.

"The location of the magic circle to go to the secret conference is a secret, but...."

Aria, who took out a pen, wrote eight numbers at random.

And she inserted new numbers in between to make pi.

Shirone engraved the numbers written first in her head.

'XY coordinates. Behind the Creta Royal Castle, Jijeo Mountain Range.'

Aria, who put down the pen, put on her glasses again and said.

"Nobody will move now because it's completely closed anyway. Even if you go, it won't work unless you know the security code."

Shirone could decipher all the codes.

"I see. I guess I'll have to give up on that method."

When Shirone smiled, Aria also relaxed her expression.

"You made a good decision. It would be good to go through Across."

"Yes, thank you."

"What's there to thank for. Just pretend you don't know when you get into the Ivory Tower later."
[Translated block]


"There was no way I would reveal the secret without any compensation."

"Of course. I'll definitely visit again."

Shirone, who turned his body that way, rode a carriage out of the royal castle and landed on the outskirts of the capital.

Kido, who confirmed the departure of the carriage, looked back at Shirone.

"Do you know where it is?"

"Yeah. The coordinates are precise, so it should be easy to find."

Lian asked.

"What are you talking about? Weren't we going to Arcross?"

"......"

Kido's eyes gathered like a surprise.

"No, we're going to jump to Kazura using a space teleportation magic circle."

Shirone explained while climbing the Gezer mountain range, and then Lian finally understood the situation.

"I see. So you're becoming some kind of spy?"

"If caught, yes."

The coordinates designated by Aria were in a dense forest.

When they pushed through the trees that seemed to have been artificially transplanted, a secret passage leading underground was installed.

The reason they couldn't enter at once was because the stairs were covered with dust as there had been no human access for over a year.

"It might be better not to step on it?"

Shirone agreed with Kido's opinion.

"Magic that uses convection is bound to stand out. Let's go by teleportation."

Shirone, who turned into a flash of light holding Kido and Lian, jumped over the stairs.

Shirone, who went down the narrow and complicated crossroads without a single mistake, arrived at a large place prepared on the third floor underground.

A huge magic circle was drawn, and an alchemical device to control the magic circle was installed on the wall.

The generator started and complex circuits came to mind.

"Can you do it?"

"Yeah. I'll give it a try."

When he carefully dug into the circuit, he saw a code rotating in the form of a sphere.

'This is a firewall.'

When he disassembled it one by one through the Ultima system, a starlight rose at the point where all the circuits passed.

'This is the core code.'

The moment he activated it, a majestic sound echoed in the air, and light in the form of a cylinder sprang up from the magic circle drawn on the ground.

"It's done."

It was done, but no one could predict what would be in the space connected to the magic circle.

"The boundary of Kazura may be strict. It's different from Torumia."

Considering the worst situation and moving his steps, Kido and Lian followed.

"Then......"

Before he could spit out his words, a white light sprang up and moved everyone to the back of the magic circle.

"......"

It was a moment, but Lian cut off his words and looked around.

It was a dark underground just like Torumia, and the only difference was that it was inside a cave, not an artificial structure.

"It seems there are no guards nearby."

Kido looked around.

"Really Kazura? I can't believe it."

"Exactly, it would be a border area. It will be co-owned with Torumia. As evidence, there is no device to control the magic circle. It will be a way to gather here and go to the conference. Let's go out first."

The cave was a natural maze, and traps of magic and physics were installed everywhere.

"......It seems we've come quite far."

Even if the coordinates are calculated, the cave has been going on for over an hour without ever getting lost.

"Shh, there's someone."

When Kido said and approached, a large space was located 10 meters below.

Twenty people in the same clothes were kneeling to a man on the altar and pleading.

"Great God of Terrafos, guide us through your trust."

'Heretics......'

It was the Terrafos sect, also known as the evil god.

"God gives me trust."

The old man in his 60s standing on the altar raised both hands and shook his eyelids, revealing the whites of his eyes.

"Kkaromaropa, Erodaimer, Udiraknaom."

'Trust? Shirone would be able to interpret.'

Lian turned his head and Shirone was frowning.

"What's wrong? Is it serious content?"
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]