


[796] Complex (1)

"Excuse me."

The members of the Jace Tin Guild, who were about to leave for the convention hall after breakfast, turned their heads to the uninvited guest.

"If you have business, you should excuse yourself. But who are you?"

It was a woman with a sharp impression that suited her large glasses and bobbed hair, which were clearly stylish.

"Isn't this the Jace Tin Guild?"

Aeku stepped forward as the representative.

"Of course, this is Jace Tin... Euk!"

He was going to throw a joke, but he hastily retreated when a pale man who had pushed his eyebrows came in.

"What are you doing in a place like this?"

As Freeman looked around, the top four executives of the Parrot Mercenary Group came in one after another.

'They're experts.'

They all had extraordinary skills.

Eventually, Jace Tin stood up from his seat and asked as if he was arguing.

"Who are you guys? You're breaking into someone else's guild in the morning."

Marsha burst into a small laugh.

"Anyway, if you called someone, you should have sorted out the hierarchy. Miss, do you know who we are?"

"I don't know, but I think I know. I've never seen a decent guy who says that line."

Marsha raised her index finger.

"I agree. But let's make an exception this time. If you guys are people living in the same world as us."

"Huh, that kind of talk......"

Just as Jace Tin was about to move, Shirone, who had finished bathing outside, came in through the back door.

"Huh? Marsha sister. When did you come?"

Marsha looked at her, who was shaking her head with a towel, with her eyes wide open.

"Hmm."

Since the Shirone of the Undercoder was just a copy of the information, it was like seeing her for the first time in four years since she parted with Galliant.

'She's grown a lot.'

The naive impression of a seventeen-year-old remained, but her temperament was much sharper.

Shirone, who hung the towel on the chair, ran over and grabbed Marsha's hand.

"It's been a long time."

Marsha caught Shirone's neck in her arm.

"You! You called me in a strange way! What the hell is this? Even if I try to refuse, I can't reply!"

"Uh-oh! There was a situation!"

Marsha, who pulled Shirone's neck as if she had caught a fish, looked at Freeman and laughed out loud.

"A situation? This one has grown up and is talking nonsense."

The Jace Tin Mercenary Group, who had been watching the commotion, seemed to come to their senses and opened their eyes thinly.

"Could it be, the Parrot Mercenary Group?"

Marsha said to Jace Tin.

"Yeah. I came looking for someone who said they missed me so much. Who is it?"

"I asked for it. I have a favor to ask."

While Shirone whispered the whole story in a low voice, Jace Tin stared at Marsha.

'This woman...'

The Holy Mother of all the abandoned ones

'She has a bad personality.'

She didn't know what relationship she had with Shirone, but her boisterousness, which swung the five elements like a gangster, was bound to be indiscriminate.

"Hmm, that's how it is......"

When Marsha, who had heard the explanation, approached the table, everyone who was sitting moved away.

Marsha, who sat alone in the chair and took out a cigarette, put it in her mouth and slapped Shirone's hand.

"Fire."

She had a debt from the Undercoder, and she couldn't refuse because she was asking for a favor.

'Really, this sister hasn't changed.'

Marsha, who lit a cigarette with the fire made by Yahweh, put a cigarette between her fingers and blew out a long smoke.

"Okay. Jace Tin Guild, I accept. Whether it's Habits or whatever, if you become a family, you have to go to the end."

"Thank you, hehe."

Marsha couldn't help but burst into a small laugh at the knack she hadn't seen before.

'This kid is also an adult now.'

But she was still like a little sister.

"But I have a condition on my side. It's not a big deal, but I think it would be faster to go through you."

"What is it?"

Marsha's expression became serious for the first time.

"Do you know the news about Fermi?"

It wasn't strange for Marsha to know because she had fought together in the Undercoder.
[Translated block]
"No. I only heard that he left after the graduation exam. I don't know what happened to him after that..."

"Do you know his nickname in this field?"

Marsha lit a cigarette.

"The Red Drug King."

Shirone's mouth fell open in surprise.

"He's already taken over the Central Continent and is spreading to the Southern Continent. The less addictive it is, the higher the price. Surprisingly, this works. Even ordinary people are getting involved. He's exploiting people's fear of demons."

"But why drugs? If he needs money, he could make plenty through depreciation trading..."

"You fool, you don't know this field, it's not at that level. The contract money he made with the Empress of Kassan is still left even after spending."

Even so, it was an incomprehensible part.

'Is he broken?'

Did he lose his belief as a magician and his will as Yolga due to the shock of the graduation exam?

"How did you find out, sister?"

"As the parrot's power grew, all sorts of people came in. A few of them seem to have gotten involved with drugs. As you know, our mercenary group strictly forbids drugs."

When Marsha gestured, a man with rough skin and broad shoulders approached.

It was the 3rd Battalion Commander of the Parrot Mercenary Group, Seike (Rat, Tiger).

"Nice to meet you. My name is Seike."

He briefly introduced himself and showed the hieroglyphic character meaning 'rat' engraved on his left arm.

"I am a warrior of the Mun tribe. The chosen warriors can engrave two of the twelve animals on their bodies."

It was a kind of shamanism.

"Specifically, one of the six for combat and one of the six for support. Rats can activate tunnel sight. They can bend the direction of light."

He thought it was amazing.

"For example, I can see the inside of this ceiling. It's not transparent. It follows the cracks in the floor, goes up the drain, and sees through the ventilation facilities. Anyway, I carefully watched the suspicious subordinates like this. And I found the coins of the guys who were dealing drugs. It looks like this."

As soon as Seike took out the coin, he recognized it.

"Gold Wheel..."

Seike flicked the coin and caught it in mid-air.

"You know it. It took me a month just to find out where this sentence was used. It's a symbol he used at the magic school in Torumia, that is, Fermi's alma mater."

It must be Fermi.

'Someone didn't steal it. If it wasn't him, he couldn't expand the drug route at this speed,'

Shirone clenched his fists.

"Fermi, you really..."

He never thought he would do business using drugs that lead people to ruin, no matter how desperate he was.

Marsha said.

"So our condition is this. Currently, neither the drug manufacturing factory nor Fermi's whereabouts are known. If you meet Fermi, please introduce me to him."

"What are you going to do when you meet him?"

"Persuade him, or if he wants, partner with him. Of course, not in the way of drug trafficking... Fermi is excellent."

It was a point she felt in Undercoder.

"I understand."

He thought he had to meet Fermi once because Hexa could exist thanks to Yolga.

"Then is it settled? The Justin Mercenary Group is packing up. I have a job I want to entrust you with anyway."

Shirone stopped Marsha.

"I have some unfinished business in Arachne before that. Let's finish that and then depart."

He couldn't leave the World Beauty Contest, which was the original purpose of Beta Fish.

"Unfinished business? What is it?"

Shirone sighed.

"That is..."

* * *

When Shirone arrived at the venue, there were more security guards than spectators.

The box office was a lost cause at the point of the terror, but the contest had to be completed to hope for next year.

'That guy is here again today.'

The man he saw at the parade was volunteering to distribute flyers again today.

"Representing Arachne, Varho Ranki! Please give her lots of love! Make Ranki the winner!"
[Translated block]


However, the slogan had changed.

"It's not time to worry about others."

Early in the morning, the participants had moved from the bunker to the venue, and their safety was now up to Shirone.

"I have no talent for soothing."

He took a deep breath at the door and knocked, but there was no sound to come in.

"Excuse me, it's Shirone."

There was no response, so he turned the doorknob and the door opened slightly.

"I'm coming in."

Many women were waiting in front of Shirone, who peeked out from the door.

"Surprise!"

Paper fireworks burst loudly, and paper powder fell down on Shirone's head.

"Were you surprised? This is the welcome ceremony we prepared! Come in quickly!"

Miss Oldhill, with skin as white as snow, showed her teeth and dragged Shirone in.

All the participants were gathered, and some of them were only in their underwear.

"Uh, excuse me......"

Pony sighed as their eyes met.

"I'm sorry. It's because of me. I was talking to Mr. Rangi yesterday and your story came up, so......"

Rangi approached with an apologetic expression.

"I thought it would be safer if you were here. I told the truth."

"That's okay. Nothing is more important than safety. But this is a bit......"

The staff's voice was heard.

"It's 20 minutes before the competition."

As soon as the words ended, some participants started changing into swimsuits, taking off their underwear.

"Ah!"

Shirone, who was terrified, quickly turned around and the women laughed.

"Shirone is innocent. It's okay to be comfortable. This is our job, and there are many male designers."

It wasn't just the wizard who didn't look at panties.

"Of course, it's not open to anyone. But Shirone is not lewd......"

Rangi shyly turned around and prepared to change clothes.

"I'm not okay! Hey! You get out of here!"

It was when Pony, whose face was as red as a pomegranate, pushed Shirone's back.

'Living?'

When he hurriedly turned around, his energy disappeared as if it were a lie.

"Hey, hey! What if you turn around like that!"

'Didn't Pony feel it?'

It was only hostility towards Shirone, and the women, who didn't know what was going on, laughed out loud.

"Ho ho ho! How is it? It's not a big deal when you see it, right? But you've had a good look, so you have to protect us until the end of the competition?"

It wasn't a big deal at all, but the only thought that came to Shirone's mind was.

"Ah......"

At Shirone's groan, Pony shouted even louder.

"Get out!"

Why didn't he think of it?

'You didn't confirm the face of the terrorist. And if her irregular eating is to take part of the body......'

It means that it can be replaced with its own face.

'Isn't there a trace left?'

He carefully examined the women's necklines, but he couldn't find any discomfort at all.

'Even mental changes......'

If only the appearance of the face is replaced, the brain will be the terrorist's, but it was impossible to confirm because he did not know the personality of the participants.

'The leak of the living was probably a mistake.'

If the terrorist is here, the risk of being attacked increases as Shirone moves away.

"Don't worry, Pony."

Shirone said seriously.

"Just because you see it with your eyes, it doesn't mean you really see it."

The participants turned their heads to Shirone, and Pony shivered with a blank expression.

"......What the hell are you talking about?"

She grabbed Shirone's ear and opened the door and dragged him out.

"Get out, you pervert! Get out quickly......!"

"Just a moment."

At that moment when she pulled her wrist and Shirone closed the door and whispered in her ear.

"Has any participant been a little strange since this morning?"
[Translated block]