


```text
[234] 4. Combat Simulation (4)

Olivia, who found the training ground, stood in front of the students.

"Since it's the first class, I'll explain it myself. It must be confusing because the course has changed suddenly. But magicians must be strong. You probably know something about 2000. It is a device developed by Louis Jacovang, a pioneer of magic engineering, which allows you to fight in real combat situations even in training."

The name Jacovang sounded loud to Nade as if it was through a loudspeaker.

He was the world's best magic engineer and the creator of the masterpiece called Image Zone.

With the advent of Image Zone, people were able to see Spirit Zone with their eyes, and that system developed to 2000.

People in the world praise the brilliant reputation of combat magicians, but who raised those combat magicians?

If it weren't for Jacovang's device, the level of magicians would have stagnated for 30 years.

"Mr. Sade, please give me a master bracelet."

Sade brought two bracelets. Olivia put them on her wrist and showed them to the students.

"There are red and blue bracelets here. Each bracelet has a different function, so don't exchange them with your friends. The red bracelet converts the magician's status into information and the blue bracelet converts the external status into information. The two pieces of information are transmitted to the tower and implement a virtual world. You can try it too."

The students received a pair of bracelets. When they put them on their wrists, red and blue lights came on.

"Then I will start 2000 now."

As the administrator activated the system, the ground began to shake as if an earthquake had occurred. The height of the physical blocks on the floor changed, creating a complex terrain that seemed to implement a natural environment.

The students opened their mouths blankly as a virtual landscape they had never seen before was superimposed.

They heard from their senior graduates, but when they actually encountered it, it was incomparable to reality.

The virtual landscape was the downtown of Creas City. There were no people passing by, but hundreds of houses were crowded together in a scene that would be believable even if it was real.

"I don't like downtown. Please change it to another landscape."

The arrangement of blocks began to change. Blocks corresponding to one-fourth of the total area in the northeast corner lowered at once.&nbsp;

Water rose in the sunken place and a lake was formed, and based on that, the surrounding scenery changed to a forest.

It was a paradise in the mountains untouched by human feet.

"It's a prestigious school after all. It's hard to make a lake even with 2000. More than 80% of natural objects are physical blocks, but the scenery is all made virtually. The blue bracelet receives information and delivers it to your brain. So if you take off your bracelet, only physical blocks will remain. Take a look around first. I'll give you about 10 minutes."

The students entered 2000 in line. No one asked them to do so, but not breaking the line meant they were nervous.

They were things they often saw in the mountains, but even rolling stones were amazing. Shiroe's party went to the lake and looked around.&nbsp;

When Nade touched a tree, the blue bracelet lit up and conveyed the texture.

"It's amazing. This isn't even a physical block, is it really virtual?"

"The leaves are real too."

Shiroe tore off a leaf. It didn't disappear and lay on his palm like a real thing.

Iruki went to the lake and scooped up water with his hand and drank it.

"How is it? Does it taste like water?"

"It's not just that, it's even saltwater. Of course it's an illusion. The brain decided that it was water. This is dangerous."

Shiroe had the same thought. What if it wasn't water but fire? Will your body burn as your brain recognizes heat?

It wasn't real fire, so maybe not that much. But it was something he couldn't guarantee.

Shiroe looked back at Nade, who was knowledgeable about this kind of thing.
```
[Translated block]


```text
"Nade, this......"

"Yeah! It's similar to the spirit zone mechanism! It's amazing! Louis Jacovin realized human spirit through mechanical devices."

If a biologist's dream was to replace human organs with artificial organs, the ultimate goal of an engineer was a machine that thinks like a human.

It was still crude, but at least Jacovin seemed to have succeeded in digitizing human spirit.

"When they decided to open 2000 to the advanced class, the teachers' backlash was very severe. I think I know why now. You could die if you're not careful."

"Yes, you could die."

Olivia was already close by.

"If you could die..."

"But don't worry. Except for the graduation exam, you don't have to sync 100 percent. Currently, we have removed the filter for demonstration, but when you experience it, it will be around 50 percent. The graduation class is 80 percent. It is a regulation set by the Kingdom Education Law."

Iruki said.

"Even if it's 50 percent, it's not necessarily safe, right?"

"You're surprisingly scared, Iruki."

"I don't want to be a fool who jumps in without knowing and dies."

Olivia stared at Iruki. He was once rated as Dante's equal.

But the Royal Magic School was not a place to tolerate students' arrogance, and he eventually dropped out as far as she remembered.

'Is there only three tongues left? Poor thing.'

Olivia looked around the students and said.

"Iruki is right. 2000 is dangerous. But it's a controllable risk. The Royal Magic School is already training close to real life by freely adjusting the sync rate from 1 percent to 100 percent according to the student's level. I'm not saying you should take risks, I'm saying you can control them as much as you want."

You don't have to apply a high sync rate. It was strictly education, so if you practice according to your level, your real sense will naturally increase.

When the students returned to their seats, Olivia proceeded with the 2000 class.

"The bracelet I'm wearing is different from yours. It's a master one. It has a device that can control various functions of 2000. Then I'll show you what's different."

A red gauge of 60 centimeters in length appeared above Olivia's head.

"This is my mental power quantified in percentage. Of course, you won't be able to see the gauge during practice time. First, I'll explain what it does. Mr. Sad, please call a monster."

The master bracelet shares functions. If one teacher tries to endanger the students, the other teachers can prevent dangerous things from happening as long as they wear the master bracelet.

"Okay. But there...... What kind?"

In a situation as awkward as choosing a lunch menu, Sad rather handed over the choice.

It was equally vague whether Olivia also pondered with her chin.

"Hmm, version 6.2?"

"Yes, it's the latest version. We updated the information 10 days ago."

"Then there must be demons added. Let's do succubus."

The students' eyes widened.

"Su, succubus? You mean you can really call succubus?"

Demons are a powerful race that are different from monsters. They are found in closed spaces such as ancient towers or underground labyrinths where human footsteps are cut off, and such areas are prohibited from entering unless they are parties of level 6 or higher by the state.

Considering that the gods who appear in mythology have demonic characteristics, it was a common opinion that they were projected by the collective consciousness of ancient people.

The fact that no new demons appear in modern times where individuality is emphasized also supported this opinion.

In ancient times, the concept of good and evil was vague, so taboos beyond imagination were committed.

The stimulation that people enjoyed at that time was so intense that they couldn't even feel it in modern wars, and their desire was sublimated into demons called ancient gods.
```
[Translated block]


There is a strong theory that succubi also originated from orgies, so it was natural for curious students to be nervous.

"Then let's begin."

Sade, who had found the code name of the succubus, sent the information to the central control room.

As light shot out from four spires, a translucent object flickered in the quiet scenery and the succubus was implemented.

The students looked at it without blinking. It was a being they had encountered in novels or myths rather than professional books, so they had expectations, but it was a gruesome appearance unlike what they expected.

The naked body of a woman was bruised like a bruise and a hideous bat's wings were attached to her back.

Her eyes were torn open, her nose was a perfect snout, and her teeth were so messy that her lips popped out even when she closed her mouth. The corpse-like bluish lips added to the grotesqueness
[Translated block]