


```text
[505] Wholeheartedly (4)

"Kariel..."

Satiel couldn't believe it.

At least by her standards, he was the most elegant and refined beauty among the archangels.

But she could no longer find his appearance at that time in Kariel now.

His waist was completely folded backwards as he was trampled on by Piel, and his upper body was crushed under him.

His face was between his two legs, and his chest was completely torn apart by the aura of extinction.

His appearance, with only half of his body exposed on the ground and looking at the sky, was perhaps the most miserable end in the world.

But his eyes were deeper than ever before, and only peaceful.

'Ah, I see.'

He didn't care that his waist was broken, but Piel's aura of extinction mercilessly devoured Kariel's weak presence.

Anyway, it was impossible to maintain this for long.

But the peace he regained at the end of his existence was sweet as if it were a reward for the long time he had hated Ikael.

'If only... I had given everything up from the beginning.'

If he had known he would hate her so much, if he had known he would waste so many years on useless hatred.

He would rather do everything she wanted.

'Well, it doesn't matter now.'

He thought he would never forgive her. He thought there was no logic or reason to change his mind.

But when he saved Ikael, his hatred disappeared like a lie.

What remained in place of his hatred was self-indulgence for saving her and deep regret.

"Kariel, are you okay?"

Satiel's voice turned Kariel's head with difficulty.

For the first time since the war began, he thought of his role as an archangel.

"You can't destroy Ikael."

Satiel's face twisted.

"What are you talking about...!"

"I'm going to disappear soon. You know that."

Satiel gritted her teeth.

Metatron and Metiel had disappeared, and Kariel wouldn't last long either.

If Ikael disappeared as well, the balance of law would tilt towards Satan with four archangels gone.

Then there would be no way to stop Satan at the level of angels.

"I understand how you feel. It's different from me. You don't even have anyone to give your heart to."

Satiel hated that fact as well.

"Heart? Do you think an angel, a pure spirit, can be swayed by something like that?"

"Huhu."

Kariel smiled dryly and looked up at the sky.

"You're already being swayed."

Feeling the end of his life, Kariel recalled a very old memory that had sunk into the abyss.

'Right, Ikael?'

"In the beginning, there was amplification."

Ikael called Kariel and Uriel and explained.

"From that amplification, the concepts of being and nothingness were born. That is, existence and non-existence occurred."

Ikael met Kariel's eyes, who was listening with shining eyes, and stroked his head with a gentle touch.

Kariel enjoyed it like a cat.

"Being and nothingness. The concepts that govern them are creation and destruction, that is, you."

Kariel asked.

"Then what was there before amplification? Was there nothing?"

Ikael liked Kariel's curiosity always.

"Huhu, nothing is..."

Uorin said.

"Nothing is nothing."

Gando watched Uorin's every expression as he talked about the beginning and listened carefully.

"That is, there is no time or space. It's different from imagining a blank sheet of paper. Even if you erase a blank sheet of paper, it's not nothing."

Humans can understand nothingness but cannot experience it. Nothingness exists before experience.

"Then what was there before this world was created? Was it a state of nothingness?"

"Maybe so?"

"But Gando, you have to think about this. If there is no state of 'being' in this world, then there can be no state of 'nothingness' either."
```
[Translated block]


Therefore, even if there was nothing in the beginning, humans should not define it as 'nothing'.

As soon as it is defined as nothing, a contradictory situation arises that violates the concept of nothing.

"Then how do you define the state of the beginning?"

Uorin raised his index finger and said.

"Shutdown state."

"Shut down?"

Kariel asked.

He had already understood, but he wanted to hear it again.

"Yes. Whether there is something or not, it itself is in a shut down state. That's why there is no material or even concept...."

Ikael skipped the rest and moved on.

"Some action occurred."

Even the archangels born from the first source concept could only express the shutdown state in this way.

"That action changed the shutdown state to the on state. Right at the starting point of that amplification...."

Uorin raised both index fingers and crossed them in an X shape.

"Two states of existence and nonexistence are born by referring to each other. Information defined by 0 and 1 is combined in infinite patterns and finally this universe begins to be created."

Yurie asked.

"Then what is amplification?"

Since he was not an angel who usually showed curiosity, Ikael turned his head with an interesting expression.

"What action amplified this world?

Ikael smiled awkwardly.

"That's... something I can't know either."

Uorin said.

"No one can know that. Just something happened, and this world woke up. What was that action? A very weak electrical stimulation? A huge explosion that pushes away the universe? In fact, it doesn't matter what it is."

Uorin snapped his fingers.

"The moment my fingertips burst right now could be the beginning and end of some universe. Or it could be something like an absolute command of a transcendent."

"I see."

The possibility is infinite and even the entity cannot be known.

The important thing is that something was amplified by some action.

"But surprisingly, or should I say strangely?"

Uorin leaned back on the chair back and crossed his arms.

"There is one word that perfectly matches that action for humans. Do you want to guess?"

Gando pondered for a long time and finally couldn't stand it and asked.

"I don't know. What is it?"

"That is..."

Uorin paused for a moment and spat out with a meaningful smile.

"Heart."

"Kuuuuuu!"

In his mind, which was about to collapse, Shirone regained a faint light of stability.

Finally, his vision opened and he saw Ikael's face, which was so pale that it was almost transparent.

'Why...'

Shirone knew that it was impossible to recover.

He was prepared, and therefore had no regrets or lingering feelings.

But Ikael was desperately trying to save Shirone.

Why?

What does it mean to him to extend his life by a few minutes?

"You foolish one."

Paien activated Apatheia and crushed Ataraxia.

"Kyaak!"

As Ikael's scream erupted, Shirone's mind, which had been taking shape little by little, collapsed again.

"Huuuuk!"

Shirone endured with all his might.

'No! It can't end like this!'

When everything was heading towards the end, what came to Shirone's mind was Juru's teaching.

The mind controls the spirit.

But the mind has no substance, so it cannot be trained.

'The secret of Musangshim.'

Contain yourself in the circulation of breathing and stop the activity of your mind.

'Control the explosion!'

Shirone breathed in deeply and slowly exhaled.

As he breathed out, important things were also thrown away one by one.

Ikael, heaven, life and death, hatred that filled his head are gone.

Only breathe in and out.
[Translated block]


```text
Back to the basics of life.

"Hoo. Ha. Hoo. Ha."

Honey.

Shirone's spirit zone, which had lost its elasticity and stretched out, regained its elasticity in an instant and sprang up.

"Mind."

Gando repeated Uorin's words.

"That's right. Mind. The thing that is necessary for the event of the beginning to happen, whatever it is. It is this universe that started from the action of that mind."

Uorin rolled up his sleeves and held out his right fist.

"So, the mind changes the law."

Bang!

As the elbow stretched out at an invisible speed, the fist pierced the air and a shock wave burst.

"I want to throw a punch at a transcendent speed. It is this desire that changes the law and moves the body."

"That's what divine transcendence is."

"Divine transcendence, Yacha."

Uorin corrected it with the exact name.

"It amplifies anger momentarily and changes the law that acts on the body. The action of the mind is truly mysterious."

"It's a great skill."

"Huhu, then I'll show you one more thing for my sake."

Uorin raised his fist again and aimed at Gando.

"I'll pierce your face."

Saliva went down Gando's throat.

He felt his hair stand on end because he knew her will was sincere.

"How about it? Is this possible?"

Gando shook his head calmly.

"Impossible."

"Why?"

"Because it goes beyond the authority of the mind."

Uorin nodded and lowered his arm.

"That's right. The will is only mine. Even if I hit the best blow, it's a completely different problem whether your face is penetrated or not."

"Because divine transcendence is a way of controlling the body."

"But."

Uorin raised his fist again as if by surprise.

And before Gando could say anything, he stretched his elbow at an incredible speed.

"How about this?"

Bang!

As the fist struck the air, an explosion sounded.

It was a distance that would never reach, but Gando felt as if her fist had flown and smashed his face.

"......"

Gando barely held back a scream and his arms trembled.

It was only after a while that he realized that his face was still intact.

"......How is this possible?"

Uorin was satisfied with Gando's extreme surprise.

If he were an ordinary human, he would have gone crazy.

"What I attacked was not your body, but your avatar. So you saw my will to smash your head."

Gando finally realized.

How much of a monster is the little girl sitting in front of him?

"Mental transcendence."

Uorin corrected it again.

"Mental transcendence, Banya. Control your avatar in a state of completely emptying your mind. The opposite of divine transcendence, which focuses on the mind. It is not a place where humans who live for 100 years can reach. Even those who have realized their avatars cannot easily imitate it."

Gando obediently admitted.

For him, a magician, mental transcendence was a sweet dream, but he could never reach that level with any effort.

It wasn't a place to go with effort in the first place.

"I didn't mean to kill you. There are Yacha and Banya in the world, but they are just that. In fact, you didn't withstand my blow."

"Thank you for your high praise."

Gando was sincere.

It was touching that Uorin, who usually treated him as less than a bug, said so much for him.

But there was also a bitter point because of that.

In the end, he was just a pitying being.

If it weren't for the memory of Teresa Mista, his biological mother, she wouldn't have had any reason to give him such affection.

Uorin looked at Gando with a gloomy expression for a while and then chuckled.

Maybe I treated him too well, but it seemed like it didn't matter today.

Anyway, he is a son who will soon be responsible for a heavy duty.
```
[Translated block]


"Breathe in, breathe out."

"What?"

Gando raised his head with a question, but Wooreen just repeated the same words.

"Breathe in, breathe out."
[Translated block]