


[479] Straight Pointing (1)

Plu stood in front of Sirone with his injured body.

Mirka, who belonged to the second rank among the 72 ranks of fairies, had a different aesthetic power from angels.

If the beauty of angels was huge and devout, the beauty of Mirka came from a cute fairy tale color.

Of course, that was not important to Plu.

He was naked and the pain of burns was scratching his brain through his nerves in real time, but the mental power of a pro-magician created a spirit zone without fail.

"Damn, I knew it. I felt uneasy for some reason."

Plu's gaze turned to Peope, who was assisting Mirka next to him.

Did he feel any guilt?

Peope had been bowing his head all the time, but that made Plu even more angry.

Mirka, the revered fairy, approached with a stern face.

"How dare you humans disturb heaven and torment countless gods. Even now, accept the aura and beg for forgiveness. And leave the world cleanly."

"Peope."

Ignoring Mirka, Sirone called his name and Peope slowly raised his head with a twitch of his shoulder.

There was deep fear in his large eyes.

In front of the emotion that feared Sirone's injury, Sirone did not say anything anymore.

He did not doubt Peope. He just erased such doubts from his head.

Because she...

'She tried to die for me.'

Sirone still had a scene in his head where she willingly threw her life away for him in Jebool.

'No, that's not it.'

Sirone suddenly realized.

Maybe he wished for this in part of his heart.

The battle with heaven was inevitable and they would eventually become enemies.

And with this, the feelings they had thrown at each other were withdrawn.

"Peope."

Peope still had no answer.

He just waited for Sirone's words with fear, or with a bit of expectation.

As one of the functions of Diamond Armor, magic amplification occurred and Sirone's robe fluttered terribly.

"I'm going to kill you."

As Sirone said as if to firmly root his own sincerity, a cold spirit penetrated the minds of the fairies.

Peope also felt a chill in Sirone's spirit.

But her face also soon became cold, and so their hearts closed.

"Try it if you can. I'm not who I used to be."

Peope definitely got stronger.

When Sirone first came to heaven, she was the youngest among the fairies, but now she was in a position corresponding to the middle class among the 72 ranks.

The relationship with Sirone played a major role in being able to achieve such rapid promotion.

As the riots that started in Shamine accelerated, the internal affairs department used Peope heavily, and he quickly improved his skills by learning various spirits from high-level fairies.

So he couldn't turn away from the internal affairs department.

When Sirone came back to heaven, no one's heart beat more than her, but in the end she chose the fairies of heaven who accepted her.

"Arrest Sirone."

As Mirka reached out her hand, dozens of fairies flew from behind.

Sirone and Plu stepped back and looked at the situation around them.

The best thing to do was to go to Arabot as soon as possible, but the skills of the fairies around them were not easy.

They communicated without exchanging glances.

It was a situation where they needed some timing and a clue to predict that timing to get out of here.

"Wait!"

Then Dana, who had lost her sanity by breaking her avatar, knelt down in front of Mirka.

"I am a great immortal. Please spare me! They tried to kill me!"

Mirka looked at Dana with contempt.

The reason why Anke Raga is wary of humans is because they have the ability to actively seek death.

When humans start actively seeking death, they show something beyond human.
[Translated block]


```text
But Dana lost the greatest strength of humans after gaining immortality.

Of course, not all immortals are as weak as her.

In fact, the figures of the Shiloh Society, who are over 10,000 years old, are known to have escaped the shackles of life and death.

"Foolish thing. What greatness do you have for such a creature? You are also sentenced to death for the sin of blasphemy against Ra's grace."

Death.

As the word that should never be heard penetrated Dana's brain, her avatar screamed again.

She had never thought of dying for a thousand years, so the fear she felt completely destroyed her half-crazy mind.

"No no no no!"

Dana tried her best to pull up her magic.

The magic of a madman resonated with his mind and soared endlessly, but there was no purpose because he had no reason.

Nevertheless, a powerful flow of atmosphere surrounding him was detected.

"No! You die!"

The moment Dana extended both hands and cast ancient magic, her neck turned around with a thud.

It was Peope, the fairy of the spiral, who tore her neck completely from her body with a powerful spiral force.

The moment Dana's shocked face soared into the air, Siro and Flu realized at the same time.

'Now!'

The two bodies turned into light and soared into the air, and Mirka shouted.

"Follow! You have to catch them in Shehakim!"

Arabot is the highest sacred area of ​​heaven where Anke Ra resides.

From the perspective of fairies, it was an unprecedented disgrace in the history of internal affairs for humans to infiltrate.

Even though it happened unconsciously, there was no hesitation in the movements of the fairies.

Dozens of fairies followed Siro and at the same time fairies flew up like flocks of birds from all sides of Shehakim.

This confirmed that the core figures of internal affairs were watching Shehakim.

"Peope...."

It was undeniable that Peope was the main character of the incident.

With his identity already exposed and all fairies chasing after him, the only choice left was to infiltrate Arabot in the shortest distance.

"Siro, go ahead!"

Flu, who was injured, could not keep up with Siro's flying speed.

Thinking that one person had to escape anyway, she stopped flying and turned around.

Numerous fairies were rushing towards her.

She activated Dorkins' algorithm and dodged the fairies' magic while spitting out flames of fire.

Sirone, who flew vertically, found Flu struggling in the distance and raised photon cannons around him.

But he also had about 100 fairies flying at him.

Although it is not like applying several stages of logic like an angel's ability, the fairies' magic with their own feelings was sufficiently threatening.

Even with Armand's physical enhancement ability, it was impossible to avoid all attacks, and Ringer's skin activated and his robe turned into a heavy super-strong metal.

"Huh!"

Unable to bear the weight, Siro spread his light through his artificial brain outside.

As soon as the wings of light hit the air with a bang, his body stretched out tens of meters in an instant.

The air flashed in various colors with magic, and the fairies repeated aggregation and dispersion and drove Sirone to one place.

I didn't know how far I flew or where I was now. Sirone tried his best to defend against the fairies' attacks.

At that moment, there was a bang from where Flu was, and her body fell to the ground.

"Senior!"

As Sirone jumped out, his right sleeve spun quickly and twisted his arm as if to break it.

"Keeuk!"

As his robe tightened enough to tear it apart, Ringer's skin activated and turned into a super-strong metal.

After the rotation stopped, Sirone looked ahead.

Peope narrowed his eyes fiercely and activated his ability toward him.

"Eek!"

Peope tried his best to put spiral power into it.
```
[Translated block]


```
It was definitely a tremendously powerful magic, but even so, Ringer's skin did not flinch.

"Senior Flu."

Flu had already disappeared from the aerial scenery.

All he could do now was hope that she had risked her life.

"Peope!"

Siroene clenched his teeth and stretched out Armand's tentacles.

Two tentacles appeared at the same time and exploded as they were wrapped in the power of the spiral, but Kenzer's absolute recovery ability quickly created new tentacles.

As the whip-like afterimages flew in, Peope, who couldn't stand it, retreated.

At the same time, the fairies who had dropped Flu rushed in and began to cover Siroene.

Flu's grudge.

A flame rose from Siroene's chest, but the magician's cool reason quickly extinguished the spark.

But that didn't mean he had forgotten his anger.

"Grab him! You can kill him!"

As the fairies surrounded Siroene completely and cast magic, Siroene's eyes flashed open.

'Shotgun movement!'

Papapapapapapapang!

A huge flash of light spread in eight directions.

One fairy failed to avoid and fell, and the flash of teleportation sharply bent and rushed there.

The shot spread countless times, and in an instant, the air became a net tangled with flashes of photon cannons.

The power of the photon cannon enhanced by Galtoomic's magic amplification was different from before, and most of the fairies were busy avoiding it.

Peope stared blankly at the sight of many of his comrades falling.

When he blocked Ilhwa's alcohol in Area 73, he was tormented by fairies, but it was a different dimension of power.

Especially, all the fairies here were powerful fairies with strong spirits in the middle of the 72nd class, unlike at that time.

"Follow him! Don't stop!"

Even as his comrades were blown up, the fairies kept flying in.

Siroene, who spread his wings wide, mingled with the fairies and fought an aerial battle with a brilliant movement.

"This is...!"

The fairies belatedly discovered a red dot on their forehead and clenched their teeth.

As a homing photon cannon equipped with a seeker was fired, the fairies surrounding Siroene scattered all at once.

But the homing photon cannon chased after the fairies persistently, and there was a sonic boom with a scream of despair from far away in the sky.

'Can't you stop him even with this many fairies?'

According to the report of the internal affairs department, when Siroene blocked Ilhwa's alcohol at that time, his combat power was enough for one unit of 65th class fairies to block it, but now he was in a situation where he had to worry about annihilation even if dozens of 40th class fairies rushed in.

'Go! Arabotro!'

Siroene fluttered his wings to the maximum and increased his acceleration.

The fairies with weak spirits gradually moved away, and finally no fairy could catch up with him.

-Pathetic things.

The moment he thought he had won completely in speed, a fairy's voice echoed in Siroene's head.

Drawing a blue flash, Mirka, a second-class fairy, blocked him in front of him.

Siroene raised sixteen homing photon cannons and poured them all on her.

As the flashes curved like bending and flew away, she reached out her hand.

Non-standard form-Blade of Truth.

Thin blades like threads flashed around Mirka at an incredible speed, and all homing photon cannons were stuck there.

Papapapapapapapang!

Siroene raised his wings and stopped his body sharply.

'This is...?'

Mirka was still holding out her hand as if she hadn't felt any shock at all.

'It's not blocking. It's some kind of ability.'

The fairy's durability is never strong.

Even if it was a second-class fairy, it was impossible to stand intact after being hit by sixteen photon cannons strengthened by magic amplification.

"It has been clearly decided by this."

Mirka looked at Siroene confusedly and said solemnly.

"There is absolutely no variable that you can beat me."
```
[Translated block]