
Do you want me to tell you more about what happens next in this story? It's from a web novel called "The Magician Who Rose From Failure" by Yoo Min-kyu. It's an action-fantasy genre with magic, politics and adventure.
[Translated block]


Flu wanted to rush to the scene and give them a taste of his fist. But if everyone started abusing their authority, there would be no one left in the association.

He calmed down his anger and asked again.

"So, where is it this time?"

"Oh, it's Gold Tower. They picked a good one."

"Wow, they broke into Gold Tower?"

Gold Tower was a foreign exchange bank where currencies from other countries were traded. Of course, the kingdom's treasury had a certain amount of foreign currency in reserve, but if the trade was paralyzed even temporarily, it could cause serious trade losses depending on the situation.

'That means the security check is also strict. How did they get in?'

Flu's shoulders twitched.

"Wait a minute! Gold Tower?"

"Yes. Why? Do you have a deposit or something...?"

Flu's head was tangled up.

Gold Tower was only a block away from Akim Alchemy Trading Company. Then there was no way that Shirone didn't get involved in the incident.

'Hold on, what time is it? Judging by the time...'

Even if he thought about the variables, he was sure he would be at the scene.

His heart started to pound. The thing that scared him the most was that the guest who was supposed to meet Gaold was in an accident.

"Hey! Really!"

Flu gave up thinking and ran down the hallway. The guard who walked by asked with a surprised expression.

"Chief, where are you going?"

"I'm going out! I'll be back soon!"

Flu jumped down the stairs.

As he left the main gate, he saw people looking at one place with anxious expressions. He spotted smoke rising faintly in the distance and immediately cast a light magic spell. His body turned into light and flew through the sky with a loud noise.

* * *

"Stay still! I'll kill anyone who tries anything funny!"

The Black Revolutionaries who blew up Gold Tower were eight in total. They all wore black hoods and carried weapons that looked menacing.

As they wielded their weapons inside Gold Tower, the 20 hostages who were caught shivered like death row inmates.

"You are the sacrificial lambs of the revolution from this moment on. You must be willing to give your lives for our comrades' liberation! Those who refuse will face pain worse than death!"

"Uwaa! Mommy, I'm scared!"

A four-year-old boy clung to his mother's arms and cried. In the silence where everyone was silent, the child's cry sounded louder than a siren.

"Shh! Be quiet. Don't cry."

She tried to calm him down with a low and firm voice, but the child's cry didn't stop.

The terrorists weren't sane enough to do this kind of thing. They were already annoyed by the precarious situation, and the child's crying made them more irritated.

One of the Black Revolutionaries approached the mother and child and shouted.

"Stop crying! If you keep crying, I'll kill you first!"

"Uwaaah! Mommy! Mommy!"

The mother hugged her child and bowed her head repeatedly.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'll quiet him down soon. He'll stop soon."

The terrorist had no intention of waiting.

Anyway, all the hostages gathered here were destined to die gloriously for the sake of accomplishing the revolution.

"Shut up! Do you think our revolution is a joke?"

The terrorist kicked the child and the mother rolled on the floor. The child who was hit in the side flew several meters and fell to the ground.

He couldn't even breathe and choked, and a woman ran over and quickly hugged him and comforted him.

"Why are you hitting a child! He's crying because he's scared!"

A medium-sized member with a scythe came over with a chain spinning.

He had blond hair swept back and his face was bleeding. His clothes and accessories were also luxurious.

Her name was Aria. She was the same woman who rode in the same carriage with Shirone a few days ago. She came here to exchange money for her diplomatic training next week, but she was caught by the Black Revolutionaries without any resistance.
[Translated block]


```
"Shut up. Nothing is more important than completing the great work of the revolution."

"Pfft! Revolution? Isn't it all about money? Just take all the money here and you're done!"

"Hehehe, money?"

The agent laughed with a hoarse voice, shrugging his shoulders.

Money was nothing but a piece of paper to the Black Revolutionaries. They couldn't do any economic activity in Bashuka anyway.

The kingdom couldn't annihilate the terrorists who grew in the slums of the capital, and instead focused on weakening their power by imposing more economic pressure.

But that fact became another invisible weapon for the terrorists.

Not being bound by money was often wrapped in nobility. The Black Revolutionaries defined the kingdom as a social evil and gathered more Ains under the banner of a sacred belief.

"Ahh!"

The agent lifted Aria up and twisted her arm behind her back. Then he tightened his neck with his arm holding a scythe.

A sharp scythe shone ominously in front of Aria's eyes.

"Hehehe, are you a rich girl? You smell amazing, don't you? How about it? You've been eating well and growing well, so why don't you show off your body in front of people?"

A thick and bluish tongue came down from the darkness of the hood. It was twice as long as a human's, and a foul smell came from the saliva. Aria frowned and turned her head to the other side.

"Hey, we don't have time to play. The terrorists will be here soon. Let's get started."

One of the two people who had been at Akim Alchemy Shop looked outside and said. The agent didn't have much interest in human women either, so he obediently followed.

"Hehe, then let's make this woman the first target. She's a noble and pretty, so the effect will be perfect. Too bad, miss. But you've been living happily until now."

The Black Revolutionaries didn't care about anything to achieve their demands. Besides, all they wanted was the release of their comrades. To give a warning, killing one person first was their main terror tactic.

"Please save me! Please help me!"

Aria realized the situation and struggled.

But among the hostages, no one stood up for her. The mother of the child just hugged her child and closed her eyes tightly.

The agent holding a scythe dragged Aria out through the broken door of Gold Tower.

The street where all the citizens had evacuated was desolate. Only the nearby merchants were watching the situation from inside their shops.

"Listen up! We are the Black Revolutionaries! Release Kanimar, the deputy leader of the Black Revolutionaries, and free our comrades imprisoned in jail right now! If not, we will kill one person every 10 minutes! To prove that our determination is not false, we will kill this woman right here, right now!"

Aria's face turned pale like a corpse.

"Ahh! Please save me! Please help me!"

The merchants who were watching turned their heads one by one. They couldn't look into Aria's eyes.

The Black Revolutionaries were people who did what they said. The poor girl was unlucky enough to have today as her last day of life.

"Don't move and stay there. If you want to blame someone, blame the kingdom."

The agent's scythe touched Aria's neck.

He didn't intend to kill her comfortably. It was ineffective. If he cut half of her neck, her life would slowly cool down in pain.

"Die for the revolution!"

His voice was so sincere that it felt like this was the end of life.

Her legs lost strength and she couldn't even scream. Her reason was paralyzed by fear of death, and her body spasmed involuntarily.

"Wait! Wait a minute!"

As the agent's scythe was about to cut Aria's neck horizontally, someone appeared on the desolate street.

"What?"

The agents who were waiting inside Gold Tower looked at the owner of the voice through the window. A boy who was not yet twenty was holding an iron box and gasping for breath.

"Who are you?"
```

Possible continuation:
[Translated block]