


[334] A Winter Night (5)

Shirone held Amy's hand tightly.

"Amy, you're strong. Stronger than anyone I know. You'll find a way out. You've always done it."

Amy looked at Shirone's face. The moment their eyes met, it felt like electricity ran through her body.

The moonlit scenery, the sound that echoed on the wall, the touch of Shirone that came through her hand, made her heart beat.

A little while ago, when they just looked at each other, they shivered. As if those things were lies, a hot courage sprang up in their hearts.

'Shirone...'

Amy had to make a choice.

She was given another year of hell.

The only thing she had to care about was the achievement of magic.

But she had never wanted to rely on someone so much, and lean on them.

She had no strength or confidence to win alone.

Even in this moment of silence, Shirone looked at her with an unwavering gaze.

She had to cross a river that she couldn't return from.

If she turned away from him here, Shirone would leave her side.

She had to accept him to not lose Shirone.

Amy thought she had made up her mind. But at the same time, a new hesitation rose like a flood.

A selfish thought.

Even if she didn't choose anything, even if she pretended not to know, she hoped he would stay by her side as before. Was that greed?

'Just one year... Can't you give me one more year? Can't you stay like this until then, so I can make a careful decision?'

Amy slowly pulled out her hand. It was a hand that she could never pull out if he was disappointed by it.

Amy felt a sneer in her heart.

'What? You made up your mind? Liar.'

She knew the truth.

Shirone would wait for her.

She couldn't help it even if he cursed her for being selfish. She couldn't give up either the graduation exam or Shirone.

"Thank you, Shirone. I'm glad you're here."

Amy spat out the words and wanted to hide somewhere.

The words she chose so carefully were such an insincere answer.

But Shirone smiled kindly as she expected.

"That's the same for me. Let's work hard."

Shirone squeezed Amy's shoulder and went back to his seat and laid his sleeping bag on the floor.

Amy was relieved. It felt like she had returned to the past when nothing had happened.

But the red eyes that held Shirone's gaze a while ago reminded her that it was reality.

How long could he wait for her?

Contempt for herself and guilt for Shirone were tangled in Amy's eyes.

* * *

After midnight.

Jokre and his party were drunk.

Still not satisfied, they bought a large bottle of liquor and a spout from the store and settled in an empty lot near the castle wall.

Jokre opened a strong whiskey bottle and poured it into the glasses in front of Rudvans and Vivian.

He filled his own glass to the brim and drank it without even making a toast.

"Wow, it's really strong. What are you doing? Aren't you drinking?"

Rudvans asked worriedly.

"Aren't you drinking too much? What are you going to do tomorrow?"

"Shit, if my stomach hurts, I'll just stay in my room."

Vivian wetted her lips with alcohol and looked up at the night sky.

"Ha, there's nothing special about graduating. I thought I could have a lot of fun before I graduated. But no guys are interested in me."

Jokre pointed at himself with his thumb.

"We're guys too."

"Oh my god, Arthur. Are you trying to hit on me with that face?"

"Haha! Vivian, you're not that pretty either."

Rudvans agreed.

"Yeah, pretty is like Amy."

Jokre's expression crumpled.
[Translated block]


"Damn! I remembered it again! How dare they ignore us? They haven't even graduated yet!"

"But what happened between you and Amy? You didn't have to chase her all the way to the skate park. Those trivial actions make them look down on us."

Vivian also waited for an answer as if she was curious.

Joker was definitely more excited than usual at the skate park.

Joker had intended to take the incident when he was thirteen to his grave. But as soon as he drank, his mouth started to itch.

It was nothing to others, but it was unbearable humiliation for him.

"I confessed to Amy before I transferred to Ainslow."

Vivian made a fuss at the unexpected words.

"Oh, really? So? What happened?"

"She said no."

"No, no?"

"Yeah! She said no! Not even starting with 'I appreciate your feelings, but,' or 'You're a good kid, but.' Not even a lie like 'I have a boyfriend I like.' Just no!"

"Oh, that's really mean!"

"How arrogant."

Vivian and Rudvans threw in a word each.

Joker clenched his fist as he recalled the past.

"You know what's the most annoying thing? The fact that I answered like this. 'Yeah, sorry.' That's what I said. I'll never forget the humiliation of that time in my life."

Vivian clicked her tongue.

"Anyway, those half-faced kids only know themselves, right? Hey, hey! It's better this way. What's that kid worth? We became magicians. Joker! You won! Come on, come on! Drink."

Joker swallowed the drink Vivian poured for him. It felt like his throat was burning and fire was rising in his stomach.

But he felt okay. It seemed that his friends were the only ones he could rely on after all.

What if it wasn't a prestigious school?

He met someone who understood him and had no regrets or regrets.

Joker and his friends kept drinking with Joker's miserable past as a joke.

Then the world began to spin.

The winter wind whistled as it passed over the snowfield.

Before long, no one spoke.

They all knew it, that no matter what consolation they gave, the truth would not change.

Joker couldn't beat Amy.

Vivian bent her waist and touched the ground. Her eyes were already loose as she looked at the sky.

A breath full of heat was spit out.

"The truth is, that's what it is. Alpheus Magic School is one of the five prestigious schools in the kingdom, and if you graduate, you can at least get a job in a public institution."

Joker and Rudvans agreed in silence.

Not everyone who becomes a magician gets a job under the same conditions. The rank or network of nobles cannot be ignored, but as much as it is a society based on merit, treatment is stark depending on where you come from.

Anyone working in the magic society knew that there was a difference in competitiveness between prestigious and ordinary schools.

So it was natural that they were treated differently.

Rudvans said.

"Anyway, we graduated from magic school and became magicians. That's amazing. There are plenty of magicians who can't graduate from school and brag about learning one magic."

The certificate issued by either graduating from school or joining a guild is unofficial, so there is no significant difference.

Nevertheless, the reason students cling to school is to carve one line of school name on the origin column of their certificate.

In fact, magicians with guild names engraved on their origin column were so low-level that Joker and his friends could laugh at them.

But that didn't make them feel better.

Above the school graduates are prestigious school graduates. And their earthly task was to obtain an official magician certificate.

Guild magicians are also treated as pros for making money with magic, but the line where the kingdom recognizes them as magicians is whether or not they have an official certificate.

But not everyone can get an official magician certificate.

It's one of the five national exams in the kingdom, so the competition rate is huge, and all the skilled magicians in the country gather.
[Translated block]


```text
Enroll in a prestigious magic school, advance every year, pass the graduation exam, take the official magician exam and pass. This course is enough to be treated as an elite in the magician society.

So Jokre and his party couldn't even squeak that they were better than just guild magicians from the starting point.

Jokre shouted, drinking a bottle of alcohol.

"Damn it! What do we care if others get a license from the guild. Anyway, everyone is a magician when they go to work. And our boss will be a graduate of a prestigious school. Look at Dante. He's been smashing pro magicians since he was at the Royal Magic School."

"But that's just gossip written in the journal submission column, isn't it?"

Jokre's tongue began to curl.

"What do I know? Anyway, it's all the same. We have to compete with the kids from the five prestigious kingdoms on our resume. Will they pick us up at the main agency? And we're not even the best nobles. Eventually we become 9th grade while doing other guys' errands, work like a dog and become 8th grade, and then after 10 years or so? By then, all the graduates of prestigious schools will be 6th grade and sit in managerial positions."

It was a word that came out of drunkenness, but it wasn't a lie. Eventually Vivian nodded her head in agreement with reality.

"Yeah. And prestigious schools aren't the end either. Even those who graduate with the best grades there rise to 6th grade within 2-3 years. What do you want us to do?"

Jokre said, waving his cane.

"Do you know what's more annoying? What if those geniuses eventually become teachers and take office at prestigious schools? It's a succession of talent. Because genius teachers teach, geniuses come. In a word, we can't even dare to get in there."

Jokre's words began to mix with some exaggerations, but they weren't entirely wrong.

Of course, there are also those who have risen to the top of the magician society among graduates of general schools.

But such outliers lose their meaning of existence in front of magic called average.

Graduates of general schools are less skilled than graduates of prestigious schools.

This was the only truth that the world recognized.

The pessimistic stories that popped out of Jokre and his party's mouths did not go away even with the breeze and continued to hover around the drinking place.

When I was in school, I thought it didn't matter as long as I became a magician. But as soon as I became a magician, my desperate heart disappeared like a mirage and new worries arose.

Vivian, who was looking at the stars, suddenly said what came to mind.

"Have you ever thought about this? As if this world is a play. We live our lives, and someone is watching us."

Jokre and Rudvans looked back at Vivian.

"If so, I will never be the protagonist. The audience will never want me to succeed. Maybe they don't even care. Get out quickly, or maybe they wish I was dead."

Jokre looked at Vivian pitifully.

He was a friend who had been sensitive since he was young. But what really hurt his heart was that his remarks were not just from drunkenness.

Maybe her words are right.

"What are you worrying about? Life is not a play. No one knows anything. And no one thinks of you lightly."

"But that's true. Shirone, Dante, Amy. Do they know how much we wanted to be like them? I don't know. They just hang out with each other. Maybe we never had a place to fit in from the start. Like an extra in a play."

The atmosphere of the drinking place became extremely gloomy.

Especially Jokre couldn't stand himself being unable to refute Vivian's words.

"Damn it! What is this! This is a graduation celebration trip! We passed! We became magicians! We won! Why did you meet such unlucky kids!"
```
[Translated block]