


Secrets of Radum (3)

* * *

Ancient biological weapon.

A strategic defense weapon that mimics the biological mechanism of growing its own body by collecting photons.

It has a powerful power that can supply power to the entire Radum with just the roots dropped on the ground, and it is currently being used as a fortress where the executives of the Spectrum, the largest union of the Ain species, stay.

When Benecia left Radum, only three ministers of the combat department, defense department, and internal affairs department were occupying the round table where four wills were placed.

However, they were well aware of the presence of La Enemy sitting in the empty seat.

The Minister of Internal Affairs of Spectrum, the pure-blooded vampire Raika, opened his mouth first.

He was a handsome man with neatly swept black hair, and his pale face as if he had applied powder had vividly red lips like a magpie.

"The kingdom has made a decision. It was expected. It's surprising that the president of the Magic Association came in person."

"Rufist is a strong human."

The Minister of Defense of Spectrum, Flarino of the Flower Tribe, said.

Her eyelashes were unusually long and her red lips were slippery, and she was emitting a fresh floral scent from her body, not a chemical product.

The ancestor of the flower tribe is known as the flower god who gained enlightenment through 40,000 years.

They are an excellent race that uses flower magic, but now there are less than 30 individuals in the world.

The reason for facing such a serious extinction crisis was due to the 'extreme passivity' unique to the race.

Those who do not have the instinct to choose a companion are designed to adapt to the desires of all races at the genetic level.

To them, accidental mating is a beautiful probability, and they also have a noble heart that cherishes any seeds.

However, humans did not leave them alone, and they gradually withered due to their unique possessiveness and monopoly, and they came to today.

"He's also a dangerous human. Worse than Gauld."

When Mike Gauld was the president of the association, the pressure on Radum was not so great.

"So I said Rufist can't. It's stupid to think that you can talk to such a conservative human."

Spectrum also pressured the Kingdom of Tormia through the channels owned by the organization, but the accident Gauld caused was too big.

"It doesn't matter. Now we have a chance too. The opportunity to reclaim Bashuka."

A man with half of his face covered in reptile-like scales spoke.

The Minister of Combat of Spectrum, Dragonman Dracker.

Dragonmen are humans created through the biological experiments of dragons, and although the creator dragon considered them a failure, they nevertheless occupied many areas with unparalleled power and finally established themselves as a race.

"Benecia was foolish. If you can't avoid it, you should use it."

Flarino nodded at Raika's words.

"We overthrow humans."

Dracker looked around the empty seats and said.

"You want that too, right?"

The memory of La Enemy nodding his head with a smile was newly created in the heads of the three.

* * *

"Joshua! Get a hold of yourself, Joshua!"

Feeling her shoulder shaking, Joshua slowly opened her eyes and immediately sat up and aimed her bow.

It was a learned action, but she missed stringing the arrow, so it was an empty bow, but Kargin didn't have the mind to think about that.

"Whoa, whoa! Calm down! It's me, it's me!"

Kargin, who was holding up both hands with a pale face, looked at her for a while and she regained her senses and lowered her bow.

"What happened?"

"You seem to have been blown away by the explosion. I don't even know where this is."

Kargin's molgol was not a word.

Perhaps thinking that she would do the same, Joshua touched the ground.

"I'll look for it. Ouch!"

Seeing her wince and clutch her buttocks, Kargin looked at her ankle.

It was twisted and swollen.

"Oh, you're injured. I was out of my mind too."
[Translated block]
As soon as I cast the healing magic, a pain as if on fire rushed in.

"It hurts!"

"Just bear with it a little. I should be able to fix it soon."

Healing magic is divided into a high-speed activation series that increases self-healing and a regeneration series that quickly restores cells, and Kargin's major was the latter.

"Be grateful that I specialize in regeneration. Even when I was young, I was called the hand of God...."

"Shut up and heal. I'm already sane."

Joshua, who was blatantly giving a bad mood, didn't feel particularly bad.

"It will take at least 10 minutes?"

Even the regeneration series takes a considerable amount of time to treat fractures.

"It's too late. We don't even know where we fell...."

As he looked around, a dull voice came from the crossroads.

"Hehehe! I found it, I found it."

Joshua aimed his bow from a sitting position. This time, he did not forget to load the arrow.

Goblins appeared from all sides, swinging their savage weapons that matched their agile movements.

"Damn! There are too many numbers."

The flame attribute magic bullet was mounted on the arrowhead, but it was not enough to defeat the enemies that were falling in large numbers.

"Gurukguruk! Wait! The woman is ours!"

When Kargin raised his head while casting magic at the voice coming from behind, pig-faced bipeds holding large axes were approaching.

"This... damn!"

Both races were terrible beings to humans in that they were carnivorous.

The Goblin Union Speed ​​Killer was displeased that the Bipod Union Mad Race was trying to snatch their prey.

As if to represent the cruel eyes of the goblins, the leader Marta made a throat-cutting gesture and said.

"No. Both humans are ours. If you back off quietly, we'll give you one leg."

"Grukgruk! Do you think your stomach will be full with one leg? We're starving!"

Bipod leader Pugo strongly protested, but Marta was just happy with the opponent's desperation.

"Hehehe! That's your problem. We found it first, right? If you're upset, run fast."

The two people who were watching the confrontation between the organizations with a single arrow were swallowed.

'Maybe things will work out.'

If you stimulate the emotions of goblins and bipeds, you might be able to catch a chance to escape.

However, as if to ridicule their thoughts, the biped made a terrible suggestion.

"Grukgruk! Then let's do it your way! Then there will be no complaints?"

"Ho? Goblin's way. Your little thing?"

Marta put a double-edged spear with a blade on her shoulder and her eyes lit up.

"Good. The one who catches it eats it."

"Meat! Meat!"

At Marta's words, goblins and bipeds from all sides rushed towards the two.

At the same time, Joshua's arrow was shot and the magic bullet exploded.

"Yahoo!"

The goblins scattered in all directions enjoyed the resistance of the prey as much as their aggressive nature.

"The intestines are mine! The eyeballs are mine too!"

"I am... hehehehehe!"

Kargin held Joshua and cast teleportation, but there was nowhere to escape unless he dug into the ground.

"Yuck, humans on the verge of slaughter are more disgusting than pigs."

"Don't call me a pig! Grukgruk!"

Even while moving with teleportation, Joshua's shooting was accurate, but the goblin's innate physical ability was comparable to that of a quadruped beast.

"Gruuuuuu!"

As the members of the mad race continued to rush in and jumped off the building, the flash of teleportation passed through them as if it were twisted.

However, they could not avoid the goblin's attack, and eventually the two rolled on the ground as the repetition compulsion broke.

"Hueuuuk!"

As Joshua's ankle condition, which had been recovered by nearly 30%, worsened, Kargin's face turned pale.

"I caught it."

When I looked back, the members of Speed ​​Killer and Mad Race were forming a siege in a semicircle.

"I promise one thing. I will never kill you. I will only eat you."
[Translated block]


Marta, who confirmed the change in the expressions of the two, laughed while holding her belly.

"Hahaha! Did you see that face? They're completely disgusted."

The body of Kargin, who was holding Joshua, trembled.

'How can I die?'

He had thought about wanting to die as much as he ate, but when it was time to die, he couldn't think of a way.

"Run away."

Joshua said, loading a smoke bomb arrow into his bow.

"Escape with teleportation at the right timing."

"But, but……."

Kargin asked with desperate courage.

"What about you?"

He was afraid that the answer would be, 'What about me?'

"My life is over anyway. Since Leo died."

He dared not say he was in love, but he was a cute little boy.

When he smiled saying, "Mom, mom," he could forget his miserable life for a moment.

"Kids! It's mealtime!"

When the goblins and Pidu ran as if they were competing, Joshua set off the smoke bomb.

"Uaaaaa!"

Kargin flew up with teleportation, and with the greatest concentration of his life, he escaped the radius of the enemies by avoiding the blade.

"Gurukguruk! Shall we chase?"

"No! Let's take the woman first! That's more delicious!"

As is often the case with the last struggle, Joshua didn't care about breaking his legs and sent the remaining horse-riding bombs without sparing them.

Pooeoeong! Pooeoeong!

As the sound of the explosion gradually moved away, Kargin's running speed also decreased.

'What have I done?'

His legs gave way and he sat down.

Didn't he lose Mariang like that and live his whole life in despair?

'Let's go back. How much longer can I live at this age.'

He turned his head to where Joshua was, but his heart still didn't move.

"Hueuuuu!"

He didn't want to die.

Even if he had to bear the yoke of a coward for the rest of his life, he wanted to live.

Kargin hit his two legs with his fists.

"Move! Move!"

His legs hurt as if they were going to break, but in fact, he knew.

It was better to torture himself and suffer like this than to die.

"Uaaa! Please move! Move!"

'Did he escape safely?'

The quiver was empty and the ankle was severely twisted.

He had killed more than thirty enemies alone and even eliminated Pugo, the leader of the mad race, with a strange strategy.

It was a record in her life, but what was left was a rightful retaliation.

"Don't think I'll kill you easily."

Marta's eyes were full of life, and the members of the mad race who lost their leader were also drooling, imagining chewing her.

'I should have saved one step.'

At least the arrowhead would be better than their teeth.

"Break the legs first."

When the goblin, who received the order, swung down an unwieldy club at Joshua's leg.

"You vicious guys!"

Everyone turned around and saw Kargin, who looked at least ten years older, running with a club.

"Uaaa! Rather kill me, you guys!"

Running with his white hair disheveled, it was clear that he was out of his mind.

When Marta tripped him, his body rolled and crashed into Joshua.

"What are you doing, you old man! What are you going to do by coming here!"

"Hueuk! Like this……."

Kargin cried out with tears and snot.

"I can't live like this."

"……."

In front of the foolish words that he just came to die, Joshua realized that he was the same.

"Hehehe! What's this guy? I saved him, but he came back on his own? Do you want to be eaten by us that much?"

'What have I done?'

Kargin came to his senses again.

How many times do you have to come to your senses to live in the world like a human?

"Lucky. It wasn't enough with just one woman."

"Guys, it's a meat party!"

Speedkiller was pushed aside and the chubby Pidu ran first.
[Translated block]
"Kueee! My arm......!"

And the next moment, a flash flew in and his face exploded with a bang.

"What the!"

He looked around, but there was no one.

"I found you, Lian! Over here!"

When he looked up at the voice from above, Shiro was calling Lian from the roof of a two-story building.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

Tears finally welled up in Joshua's eyes, and he unknowingly blurted out a respectful term.

"Captain!"
[Translated block]