
[328] The Philosophy of a Combat Mage (2)

"Ouch!"

It was a hard snowball that made his skull ring. Moreover, where he was standing was a slippery ice rink.

Jokre lost his balance and fell forward.

His indignation was brief, and anger surged up. What kind of fearless human being played such a prank?

"Hey! Who is it!"

Jokre turned his head, rubbing the back of his head.

A gray-haired boy was standing outside the skating rink, throwing snowballs lightly. In his other hand, he held an iced coffee that did not suit the cold weather.

"No matter how unpopular you are with girls, that's not it, you're bothering a couple on a date."

Jokre narrowed his eyes at the familiar face.

Vivian muttered in surprise.

"That kid... Is that Dante? Airhain Dante."

Dante entered the skating rink with his shoes on. As he slid towards them with one leg on the ice, Rudvans and Vivian unwittingly made way for him.

'Oh my god. It's really Dante.'

Vivian couldn't believe her eyes even after seeing him.

He was the idol of everyone who had never lost the first place in the kingdom since she entered the magic school. That's why Dante, who lost to Siroene, shocked all the students in the kingdom when the news was published in the academic journal.

Jokre also had a time when he scraped Dante's articles and pasted them in his notebook and burned his determination during his school days.

But how long will he be tied to his student days?

More than anything, it was a humiliation of a lifetime to be hit on the back of the head before he even screamed.

"Hey, you..."

Dante ignored Jokre's words and approached Siroene.

"Long time no see, Siroene. And Amy."

Amy crossed her arms and glanced at him.

"What? Now you call your senior by name?"

"Haha! Anyway, we're in the same graduating class from next semester."

Amy wasn't feeling bad either.

At the time of the two thousandth duel, he was treated as a senior, so his friendly attitude was rather awkward.

But Dante's personality was really cool, so he seemed to have erased those memories from his head already.

Anyway, it was true that he was happy to meet his classmates outside of school even if they were rivals at school.

Siroene smiled and said.

"I see you here. What's up?"

"As you can see, I came to play. I travel every vacation. But this is my first time in Creas. Someone recommended me the winter festival."

"I see. Did you come alone? What about Closer and Sabina?"

"They went to training as soon as they took a vacation. They must be realizing what hell is by now. Anyway, they're tiring kids."

Dante shrugged his shoulders and Siroene laughed.

He had fun playing, but sometimes he wondered if he could do this. But looking at Dante's relaxed appearance, he felt that his burden was nothing.

'Dante, you're amazing.'

Sometimes when he recalls the two thousandth duel, he is surprised by the fact that he beat Dante.

He had star quality beyond magic. It was not something that could be obtained by trying to attract people's attention.

He dressed well like a native of Bashuka, the capital.

He wore a blue coat and black skinny pants, and wrapped a purple muffler around him. He looked shiny without standing out.

And he even had a piercing in one ear. From Siroene's point of view, who was ignorant of fashion, it was amazing.

But Jokre thought differently.

He was completely ignored.

And in front of Amy. No, in front of Siroene, Amy's boyfriend.

The most annoying thing was that Siroene and Amy and Dante looked so bright together.

'Geniuses play with geniuses? It's really annoying when you put them together.'

Jokre took a deep breath and threw a word.

"Hey, Dante."

"Huh?"

Dante turned around with a straw in his mouth. He seemed to have forgotten what he had done just before.
[Translated block]
"Shouldn't you apologize if you hit someone? Especially a senior mage."

"A senior? Who are you?"

"I'm Jokre, a graduate of Ains Magic School. You're not in a position to be called a promising talent."

Dante blinked his eyes as he sucked on his straw.

The longer Dante's silence lasted, the more anxious Jokre became.

He had no words to refute the contempt of being inferior, but he imagined what Dante was thinking.

Of course, Ains Magic School was Jokre's beloved alma mater and he had no shame in choosing to transfer.

But Dante was from the Royal Magic School.

The best prestigious school in the kingdom.

Although he was now attending Alpheus Magic School to avenge his defeat by Shirone, it was still one of the top five schools.

Above all, he was the direct disciple of Olivia, a certified second-class grand mage, so he had no reason to notice him.

"Sorry. I've never heard of that name. And you're the one who sneered at a couple having fun, right?"

"This is...!"

Jokre's eyes sparked. The words that he had never heard of his name pierced his chest like a thorn.

He was quite famous in Minor, so he had some expectations from Rudvans and Vivian, but their eyes also turned cold.

"Dante, don't get me wrong. Do you think you're something? You're just a student. And you lost miserably to Shirone. And that Shirone is a commoner. And Amy, who was praised by the world as a genius or something, is just a repeater."

"You're really good at stitching things together."

Dante said without changing his expression.

"That's the difference between you and us. We get published in academic journals, and you just buy and read them."

Shirone's face flushed instead.

If he liked to kill with words, Dante would mercilessly trample on his opponent's weaknesses.

It was cool if he was cool, but it was hell for the one who suffered.

As expected, Jokre's group's faces twisted and their eyes showed signs of hostility.

If he intended to provoke them, it worked well, but he knew that wasn't the case, so he was worried.

'Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!'

Jokre was so angry that he felt like dying. Why did he have to be treated like this?

Logically, the positions should be reversed.

The person who graduated should be arrogant, and they should look at him with envy and jealousy.

'Hmph! Pathetic! Do you think your school name will live your life for you?'

Jokre glared at Shirone's group and wondered how he could make them surrender.

'Huh? That's...'

Then he saw something glittering under Shirone's coat. It was a sword sheath.

'Why is he carrying a sword at the festival? No, he's a commoner, right? Is he allowed to have a weapon?'

Jokre thought hard about the reason. Then he realized something and burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! That's it, that's it. You're just the same."

Jokre's personality suddenly changed and Dante backed away slightly as if scared.

Regardless of that, Jokre pointed at Shirone.

"You pretended to be confident, but you were actually eaten up by inferiority complex, weren't you? Why else would a commoner carry a sword? Well, I guess you wanted to match your lover who is a high noble."

Vivian looked closely and exclaimed.

"Oh my, is that true? But isn't that illegal?"

"Of course it's illegal! Where does a commoner carry a sword? How can you talk big like this?"

Jokre approached Shirone and opened his coat.

It was a serious crime for a commoner to carry a sword anyway, so he had no hesitation in his hand.

The button was torn off and the coat opened, revealing Armand's silver sword sheath on his waist.

"As I expected. How pathetic. Do you think you can become a noble by doing this?"

Shirone's eyes turned cold.

"Back off. And pay for my coat."

Shirone desperately controlled his emotions. The monster inside him smelled anger and tried to jump out again.
[Translated block]


But Jokre, who had gained the upper hand, was busy with his own words.

"It's obvious that it's cheap, without any decoration or anything. Well, where would you get an expensive sword for your subject...."

Jokre reached out for the handle.

It was short in length, so the blade would be worthless. He intended to pull it out and pay back the humiliation he had suffered so far twice.

But his thoughts ended there.

With a splash of water, Jokre's movement stopped. Then his arms slowly rose.

His pupils trembled with shock, and his skin felt cold and raised his hair.

"This, this is...."

Rudvans and Vivian's faces were colored with horror. Siroene's sword had been pulled out by itself and buried deep under Jokre's chin.

"What, what is this? How did the sword...."

Siroene had a scary look on her face.

It wasn't because she was angry at Jokre. If she had been a little late in controlling her emotions, Jokre's neck would have been rolling on the ice rink.

'I thought too lightly.'

Rated control was a great feature, but the problem was that synchronization was too perfect to be affected by the action of the magic in the deep 1st stage.

Siroene was a magician who trained her mind not to lose her coolness in any situation. But that didn't mean there was no change in emotion.

The anger that rose in a moment of gap made Armand come out of the sheath.

She was disappointed in herself for that.

Armand, who sensed his master's anger, trembled and Jokre heard the cry of the sword in his ears.

Jokre gritted his teeth and glared at Siroene.

"You....!"

"This is your last warning. Just go back. If you act rudely again, I won't hold back either."

Jokre's legs loosened on the ice rink as if he felt the pressure of death.

He would have fallen down without catching his balance. Then Rudvans came over and supported Jokre's back.

"Let's go back. We're official magicians. We're the ones who lose if we cause trouble here."

It was a word to save Jokre's spirit, but it was also true in reality.

"Hmph! You cheeky brats! Let's see how well you do."

Jokre spat out his last curse.

But since Rudvans was holding him back and dragging him away, he only felt pathetic.

Jokre's party left the skating rink completely before Siroene put Armand back in his sheath.

"Hey hey, no matter how angry you are, you can't swing a sword."

Dante's words made Siroene's eyes widen.

"You're kidding me! It's all your fault! Why did you have to provoke him like that? What about my coat! You pay for it!"

"It's just a button. You can sew it back on. Besides, what's that sword you're wearing? Is that magic too?"

Amy said, looking around.

"Don't do that and let's move on. People are looking at us. Maybe the security team will come."

They still didn't know that Siroene was a commoner, so they thought it was a happening, but it would be complicated if the security team came out and investigated.

"Then why don't we go to a cafe and have some coffee? Of course, since I helped you, you guys buy it."

"What are you talking about? What makes you think coffee is pretty? And what are you drinking right now?"

"This is iced coffee. So let's go drink something warm."

"You... are you a coffee addict?"

Dante winked one eye with iced coffee in his hand.

"No. I'm a coffee mania."

* * *

Siroene's party found a cafe called 'Cozy Tea House' in the shopping district and went in.

As the warmth came through, their cheeks turned red.

Siroene shook her body as if to shake off the cold stuck to her clothes and took a seat at the table and took out her sewing tools.

Dante took the menu.

"When you travel, you have to order local specialties. Let me see, Ice Queen's Warm Coffee? Isn't this a weird name?"
[Translated block]


Amy waved her hand as if she was annoyed.

"No weird stuff. I just want to drink orange juice."

"Really? Then I'll have the warm coffee of the ice queen. Shirone, what do you want to drink?"

Shirone focused on buttoning up and said.

"I want warm cocoa."

Do you like this story? What is it about? 😊
[Translated block]