


[237] 4. Combat Simulation (7)

To build Halo, the Immortal Function had to be expanded infinitely.

But once they had the concept of a perfect circle, they had plenty of room to simplify the mechanism from the second time on.

The lifting target reacts sensitively to mental changes. Therefore, if the mind maintains absolute stability, the target will not move.

That meant that they could draw a perfect circle without entering the realm of infinity.

From then on, Shirone tried to create a state where the target did not move instead of normal lifting training.

A month passed and some results began to show.

The sight of the target with maximum repulsion force floating still in the Spirit Zone was amazing every time.

It was possible for Shirone, who had realized the sense of a perfect circle through the Immortal Function.

The students exclaimed, but they did not understand why he was doing such training.

Closer said.

"He's been doing that since a month ago. He can't even last 10 seconds."

Sabina also added a word of sarcasm.

"Do you need to do that much? You're not a monk. How does that help magic?"

The target floating above Shirone did not budge at all. It meant that there was no change in his mind at all.

It was not a mental state that a normal human could tolerate, as if he was brain dead. It was only possible for Shirone, who had reached the state of diamond.

But Shirone couldn't last more than 10 seconds either. Eventually, the target shook violently and flew out of the Spirit Zone.

Dante spoke for the first time.

"A little more... It seems bigger."

"Huh? What's bigger?"

"Spirit Zone. It seems bigger than last time."

Closer and Sabina looked at Shirone again. It was clearly bigger than last time.

"No way. If you can grow your Spirit Zone so easily, there would be no one in the world who is not a great mage. Usually, you have to go through hardships or enlightenment... Huh? Enlightenment?"

Sabina realized from her own words. Mages also awaken, but pure mental entities like Spirit Zone are more related to the mind of cultivation.

It was also the reason why Ethela, the bishop of the Carciss Monastery, was a famous joiner in the kingdom.

Sabina's guess was correct.

Shirone, who had reached the state of diamond, had no limit to expanding his mind. In the meantime, he kept turning the perfect circle and his Spirit Zone was strengthening at an incredible speed.

While Closer and Sabina were pouring out words of contempt as if they couldn't admit it, Dante silently looked at Shirone.

@

The two thousandth class time came back.

Ethela, Shiina, and Sad, three teachers were in charge of the class and now the students accepted it as natural.

Shiina took charge of the class as a representative.

"From today, we will learn how to fight against people. It's different from tactical training, so please follow the control well."

There were quite a few differences between fighting against people and tactical training.

First of all, because powerful magic exchanges take place, the gauge decreases much faster. In other words, anti-magic becomes stronger.

More than anything else, it was a problem that even people could get pushed back by passive skills.

A typical accident case was when two mages who used teleportation collided with each other at the midpoint.

In that case, even if it was a virtual reality, it could lead to serious injuries.

"The reason why three teachers are watching is because of the danger of fighting against people. First of all, today is the first day, so we will start with practice. If there is anyone who wants to volunteer..."

"I'll do it."

Boyle raised his hand with determination and waited for today only.

"Good. Then for Boyle's opponent..."

"Teacher, can I choose my opponent too?"

It wasn't good to have personal feelings involved, but Boyle already had his challenger in mind.

Dante pointed at himself with a bewildered look.
[Translated block]


```text
"Me? Are you asking me to do it with you now?"

"Yeah. You've been acting so cocky, so you won't back out, right? If you're so great, prove it with your skills."

If he pushed me to do it, I wouldn't be able to do it, but the position of the national champion was not a place where anyone could challenge and accept.

"Do you want to break me that much? No matter what happens?"

"Don't get me wrong. The number one in the advanced class is clearly me, and you are the one who challenges. So why don't you come up? I'll fix your rotten personality."

"Hahaha! That's a cool word! How about this? The loser kneels down and says he lost to the winner."

Ethella said.

"Dante, this is strictly part of the lesson...."

"It's okay. Please let me do it, Ethella teacher. It's rather what I wanted."

Boyle asked with a desperate look in his eyes. The memory of being beaten by Closer was a lifelong shame. He was rather grateful that he had a chance to make up for it.

When the confrontation was decided, Shirone wondered how Dante would deal with Boyle. There is no attack magic in the photon series. Of course, Dante would have learned magic from other series as well, but he clearly called himself Shining Boy, a magician of light.

While Shirone was lost in thought, Boyle and Dante kept a distance of about 50 meters in the 2000th practice field and waited for the confrontation.

The initial distance in interpersonal combat accounted for an important proportion.

Once the battle begins, various variables run rampant, but the start must always be done in a state of facing each other, so it is important to expand the series formula and strike preemptively.

Of course, summoners had different tendencies from other magicians and were free in terms of early tactical operation.

It was orthodox to give up preemptive strikes and summon summoners as quickly as possible and defend against the opponent's attacks.

Dante knew that fact and said as if declaring.

"Let's start leisurely by taking out the summon first. I'm not the type to make a fuss from the beginning either."

Boyle couldn't believe Dante's words.

But it didn't seem like he would lie before fighting and leave room for back talk.

Anyway, it was an advantage from the standpoint of a summoner who had no choice but to be defensive at first.

"If you want to do that, do it. I'll do it my way."

It was an answer that did not get caught up in psychological warfare while also shackling the opponent's words.

Dante didn't lose his composure, but he scratched his eyebrows awkwardly. He thought he was a greenhouse plant, but he was a guy who could roll his head on his own.

'Summoning magic. That's definitely tricky.'

Summoners can summon summoners through a unique and difficult 전지 called 상사相思.

The first thing a magician who learns summoning magic summons is himself.

This is called a doppelganger, and if you succeed in this, you also have the possibility of transforming your doppelganger into a third existence.

Summoning something means knowing something perfectly.

That was exactly what 상사 was and went through three stages.

The first stage is called engraving stage, which is the process of observing the target to be summoned using all five senses and engraving the image in your head.

Because you have to remember the appearance of the summon perfectly, the observation skills of summoners far exceed the category of ordinary people.

A typical training is called placement method.

Mix 30 sticks with a length difference of 1 millimeter randomly and arrange them in order of length within 1 minute.

The second stage is called empathy stage, which is the process of studying the behavior of the target to be summoned and having confidence that you have fully understood it.

Some people do it with vast knowledge, but most magicians feel their characteristics by living together.

No matter what creature it is, if you live together for more than a year in an isolated place, you will naturally imprint its characteristics.

The simpler the reaction of creatures with low intellectual ability, the easier it is to clear them.

The third stage is extinction stage, which is the most important process.
```
[Translated block]


```text
It is to kill the target that was engraved and erase the entity.

Nevertheless, if the target appears in reality, the summoner can implement it through a doppelganger.

There is no need to kill it. The key is to create a state of 'never being able to see again'.

The clearer the state, the stronger the clarity of the summoned beast.

It was a terrible feeling to kill a target who had formed empathy for a long time, but it was also dangerous to keep it alive.

For example, a female magician tried to make a monster called Ophoi, who cast healing magic, as a summoned beast, but hesitated at the extinction stage.

In the end, she cleared the extinction stage by selling Ophoi to a monster collector, but after 5 years she heard that he was still alive through some route and lost his ability to summon Ophoi.

Summoned beasts are divided into 10 tiers from 1 tier depending on the level of the boss, but according to the research of the Magic Association, there are 13,872 species of 10-tier lowest class, but only 3 species are listed in 1-tier.

One of the 1-tier summoned beasts is a famous fact that there is a lich, a great magician of the undead monster system.

It was a summoned beast that Zulu, a great magician in the Middle East and a woman, had, and academia turned upside down when this fact spread.

To clear the extinction stage, you have to erase your existence, but Lich was a monster who lost his ability to die.

Some say that Zulu himself became a lich and just summoned a doppelganger, but no one will know the exact truth unless she opens her mouth.

Boyle said arrogantly as he loosened his neck.

"I was second in the advanced class last semester. By a narrow margin. Do you know why I didn't go into the graduation class and stayed here on purpose? Because I thought I was lacking."

"Yeah. It seems like that."

"But not anymore. I've been working hard for four years. And I finally succeeded during this vacation. My summoned beast will tear you apart."

"Expect it. Honestly, Mercedes was a bit disappointing."

Boyle's mouth tore. At this moment, he was neither a son who hugged his mother's arms nor an exemplary student who valued principles and principles, but one summoning magician.

"Don't worry. It'll be different this time."

As Siina shouted out the start of the battle, Boyle and Dante entered Spirit Zone at the same time.

The heat equation unfolded and the mind was strengthened and Spirit Zone changed according to each person's four-way formula.

Boyle was defensive and Dante was target type.

"Come out, Gaus."

Another Boyle was born where Boyle reached out his hand. The magician's doppelganger turned into Gaus, a 6-tier summoned beast, following the mystery of Trinity that transforms into a doppelganger of a summoned beast.

Kraaaaaaang!

A humanoid monster with a body length of 3 meters took on a quadrupedal posture. The smooth skin without fur was blue and the muscles were cracked like rocks.

The body was similar to that of a human, but there were no eyes as if wearing an eye patch, and from the bridge of the nose to where there was a chin, it was all mouth.&nbsp;

A straw-like tongue was entangled inside the sparse fangs and tentacles that emitted electricity followed along the spine from the neck.&nbsp;

There were four fingers and nails with the strength of diamond were 10 centimeters long.

"Ga, Gaus. You really summoned Gaus."

The students were stunned. He said he trained during vacation, but he never dreamed it would be Gaus.

Gaus belonged to the top class among summoned beasts listed in 6-tier, and if only physical ability was considered, it was a monster that could compete with 5-tier.

The teachers were also surprised.

There are no summoning magicians in the graduation class now, but there are only a handful of people who have achieved up to 6-tier at school and graduated so far.

"My goodness. When did you learn such summoning magic? There is a time limit for using vacation time."

At Ethela's words, Sad smiled bitterly.

"He calculated it long ago. That guy raised it on purpose."

It was tongue-tied by the evilness of these days' children.

Whether it's an advanced class or a graduation class, they are magicians who are weak in physics. If you summon Gaus, which gives you physical ability up to around 5-tier, you can pass the graduation exam much easier.
```

I hope this helps you. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]