


[455] The Beginning of Change (7)

"Grab him!"

The movement of the remaining 18 members of Cage B team became faster.

After killing the carnivore addict Benefice, Gaold's next target was Black, who had crowd control skills, and Jona Bang, who had manipulation skills.

There was no way to eliminate Gaold with physical force anyway.

What they were aiming for was a variable through non-physical magic, and Gaold was diligently reducing that possibility.

'Amplification magician...'

Gaold faced the necromancer Mami.

As soon as hundreds of air guns targeted her, a blue curtain appeared in front of her.

"Krrrrk!"

Ryder, who was called an iron wall for his defensive magic skills, felt a shock that could collapse his spirit zone.

Rose scanned the battlefield.

There were already three deaths. If Cage B team's power fell below half, there was no variable or anything, and the probability of eliminating Gaold could be said to be close to 0 percent.

'I have to gamble. This is a failure.'

Rose shouted.

"Activate the final plan!"

The eyes of the remaining members sparkled.

There was no order in dying now.

The metal magician Roche took the lead, and Ryder spread a shield.

Monglang, a torrent magician, transformed water into a dragon shape and threw it at Gaold.

"Foolish ones."

Gaold didn't even snort.

No matter what attack they tried, everything went out with one air press.

Then flowers began to bloom on Gaold's body. It was Monglan, the magic of White, another crowd control technician who died with Black.

He had already given up on living in front of his brother's death. He knew that revenge was impossible.

'But you will surely die.'

Magic for that purpose only.

White's mind infiltrated Monglan's flowers and directly attacked Gaold's mind.

White died and fell, and his transcendent mind made Gaold shrink.

"Krrrrr!"

Gaold's extreme opened and a great heat hell enveloped the space.

No one was surprised by the scream of agony, but White's Monglan turned into black ash and disappeared beyond the horizon of hell.

'Ha, my insignificant life...'

Aroella, the flame of chlorine, ran towards Gaold with a unique flame in both hands.

'I didn't even have a cool love.'

She gave money, body, and even heart, but in the end all the men left her.

'But... it was hot, right?'

Hellfire Infinity!

A whirlwind of heat swept through the great heat hell. At the same time, Gaold ran in with an air press that crushed the flames with a twisted face.

Aroella smiled as she remembered the smiling face of the last man she dated.

As if a sharp wind had passed by, her face fell from her neck.

Gaold smiled back at Aroella who was smiling.

'Good eyes. A great magician.'

Whether he felt sincere or not, Aroella smiled brightly as she moved away.

Her faceless body automatically rushed towards Gaold and exploded.

Even a huge explosion that reached 6,000 degrees Celsius was crushed by atmospheric pressure by Gaold.

'It's a success.'

Rose lifted her trembling lips.

Gaold felt it too. Monoros, a scale magician and an irregular eater, had stuck a sticker on the back of Gaold's neck.

Irregularity-Battle Arena.

A small arena with a diameter of 1 meter formed under his feet and Gaold's body shrank into it.

'It's a scale series.'

To others, it looked like a miniature in a toy, but from Gaold's point of view, it was a splendid and huge arena.

Monoros' irregularity that shrinks the opponent's scale to fit the ratio of a certain space was powerful in that he could control the environment as he wanted.

'How can I get out?'

Gaold looked around the arena and wondered how to escape.

If it was such a coercive scale adjustment, it would not be affected by external forces.
[Translated block]


But if Monoros was not a fool, he would not have designed the physical force inside the arena to affect the outside.

'Time limit, or step. That's the only way to implement this kind of environment.'

"The way out of the battle arena is step."

As everyone looked down at Gaold in the arena, Monoros said.

"If you defeat the three monsters that appear in the arena, it will be released."

Tarban said.

"Even so, it's still the same scale, right?"

Monoros shook his head.

"There are two ways to enter the arena. One is to reduce the scale through stickers. And the other is ......"

Monoros rummaged through the bag next to him.

A giant octopus clung to his hand and wriggled.

"Creatures that can enter the arena can be thrown in as they are."

"......I see."

As Tarban's words ended, Monoros dropped the octopus.

Gaold saw a huge gray object falling from the blue sky that covered the sky.

'It's a bombtopus.'

A species that lives on the Mediterranean coast, a carnivorous mollusk with a ferocious temperament and a huge appetite that attacks even sharks bigger than its body.

The bombtopus, which had been starving for two days, attacked Gaold with its sharp legs as soon as it saw him.

Gaold cut off his legs by sharply inflating his atmosphere and then rushed in.

The tremendous air press crushed the arena, but only Gaold felt that feeling.

The bombtopus, which was briefly crumpled and crumpled, flailed its remaining legs as if it had not suffered any shock.

"Kukuku, you're playing a prank that doesn't work......!"

The power of magic dropped exponentially as the scale weakened.

But Gaold didn't worry about the decline in status. He doesn't know his limits.

Sensory 1 million times-air pressing.

Boom!

The octopus was flattened and eventually exploded.

Gaold frowned in the midst of all kinds of entrails swirling around.

It was humiliating to use the power he had used against Hell on something like an octopus, but he had no time to think about it as he was in severe pain.

Cage B team, who had been watching Gaold's battle, had nothing to say yet.

Monoros explained the next strategy.

"Now you see. Even Gaold of all people can barely handle an octopus when his scale shrinks."

"So what are we going to do now?"

"In the second step, we solve this."

Monoros opened the bag he was carrying on his back. Hundreds of fireflies were bubbling together.

Deputy team leader Horkin nodded as if he understood.

"So if it's a form that can enter the arena, 'multiple' doesn't matter?"

"That's right. Reduce your power with scale, and distract with collateral tactics. The last one is ......"

"I'll do it."

Tarban stepped forward.

The terminator who wielded the most powerful power among the team members.

But Monoros shook his head.

"You need a sticker to get in. If you shrink to the same scale, Kaiser Blast will inevitably weaken."

"I'll do it."

Another irregular eater, Porcol stepped forward.

Irregular eating was the only way to bring down Gaold at the same scale.

Monoros agreed. Porcol's irregular eating would be too much for even Gaold to handle.

"Then let's start."

Hundreds of fireflies poured into the arena. Then Monoros put a sticker on Porcol, and he also infiltrated into the arena as his scale shrank.

Irregular eating-Phantastar.

His body began to shine brightly.

A few fireflies collided and exploded violently, breaking like shells.

The equivalent exchange of aging and explosion.

He can produce 100 kilobuster explosive power at the cost of one hour of aging.

He looks like he's in his early forties, but he's actually thirty-two.
[Translated block]


```text
As time passed, his life span would decrease, but the rule-breaker was ultimately a being who could only be happy in his own trauma.

"What is this?"

Gaold destroyed the wave of crickets without mercy.

A pleasant smell vibrated and grotesque objects scattered, but his eyes were only facing forward.

'You can't hide it with this kind of thing...'

Cage B team knows what kind of person Mikea Gaold, who rose to the former president of the Magic Association, is.

Therefore, the bugs were an illusion. The truth was hidden in numbers and monsters.

Rule-breaking - life is short and thick.

Whoo!

Porcol accelerated all the aging that his body could dissolve.

His face quickly aged and eventually became a molgol with a bone sticking out, and finally became a skinny skeleton and flew towards Gaold.

His spirit, who faced death in front of him, was twisted like a greedy old man who envied youth he couldn't have, and was full of madness.

"Kihahahahaha! I killed Gaold!"

Even in front of the skull of greed that would make you sick just by looking at it, Gaold was calm.

No, he was tense about the twisted ideology that the rule-breaker put his whole life on.

Sensation 1 million times.

The moment Gaold clenched his teeth and cast magic, Porcol hit Gaold.

"Damn!"

As Cage B team scattered in all directions, the arena exploded and a mushroom cloud rose.

It was an unimaginable force even if it was scaled down.

"Crazy kid, how long did you want to live?"

"Rule-breakers are crazy from the beginning. But...."

Tarban approached again as he loosened his shoulders.

Gaold stood in the smoke as he returned to reality after completing the step.

Anyone who knew Gaold would not believe this scene at this moment.

The upper body was completely gone, revealing a muscular body full of wounds, and the right shoulder was dislocated and drooping.

His hair turned white and blood flowed all over his body.

Tarban wanted to clap his hands sincerely.

How many people in this world can withstand the equivalent exchange with life that the rule-breaker cast?

"You're amazing. Honestly, I admire you."

"Now...."

Gaold opened his mouth with difficulty.

"7 people."

It was the number of deaths on Cage B team.

"No, 6 people."

As Tarban spoke, there was a thud. The rule-breaker Monoros fell to the floor with his neck cut off.

Even if they avoided the explosion, only the rule-breaker's liquor could not move far.

But he probably didn't know that he could counterattack even after the explosion.

'Monsters are monsters.'

"There's no need to shake."

Rose approached Gaold.

"He's already fatally wounded. Even if the numbers are reduced, we still have an advantage."

Rose's eyes were as firm as Gaold's.

Kill Gaold. That is their mission as magicians affiliated with the association.

"Just give up. If you accept Aura obediently, I will guarantee your life."

"Kkkk, that's a tempting offer."

Gaold knew it was a lie too.

She's a woman who will lie for anything for her mission because she's Rose.

But that means that Cage B team still doesn't trust their success.

Nothing will change. He just has to do his own battle.

"What else is left? Didn't you say something about final plan earlier?"

Rose was embarrassed too.

They still have magicians in utility and amplification, curse and defense categories, but the loss of dealers is significant.

'From now on, if one dealer dies, the possibility becomes slim. Even if I have to give up command, I have to die.'

Therefore, there may be only one more chance for another tactical attempt.

Rose bought time to come up with a sure plan.

"The human mind is so treacherous that when it is engrossed in something, it cannot see anything else."
```
[Translated block]


Gauld also needed time, so he responded to Rose's conversation with silence.

"But as much as that, it's also instantaneous to return. How about letting go now? Your emotions are nothing more than a childish crush on something you can't have. Shake it off and move on."

"Maybe I could."

Gauld slowly opened his mouth.

"But why do I have to shake it off?"

"That's...."

"Rose."

Gauld interrupted.

"You must have loved someone really too."

Rose thought for a moment and said.

"Yes, I did."

"Then tell me. You're not childish anymore as you grow older. Have you ever felt anything more beautiful than that feeling, shaking it off for a lifetime?"

Rose couldn't answer.

"There is nothing childish about being sincere. There are only those who can bear the pain and those who can't and run away. And I...."

Cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo!

The atmosphere vibrated, the forest echoed, and the air became heavy like iron.

Gauld, who had turned into a demon's face, glared at the world.

"I never run away from my pain."
[Translated block]