


[674] Secret of Radum (2)

The time it takes to crash is approximately 4 seconds.

Magicians can cast fly magic, but swordsmen had to make decisions quickly.

"Ah! Save me!"

Bacon lost his senses and floundered.

Even if you are a schema user who can fight agilely in medium armor, falling from a high altitude is a separate problem.

When Shirone spread the light, Rufist shouted.

"No! Advance towards the bio!"

Ignoring his words and rushing towards Bacon, the speed of the electric net was faster.

"Darn it...!"

At that time, Jane, who was nearby, teleported and caught Bacon like a fish and went down to the ground.

'Chet, it's blown away.'

As other members followed her down, Rufist had no choice but to change direction and arrive on the ground.

Once you come down, the tall buildings block all sides, and a sense of frustration naturally comes in.

Shirone, who confirmed that Bacon was safe, gave instructions.

"First, check the number of people."

"17 people. There are no stragglers."

Jane looked around the bio and spoke.

"I'm collecting photons again. It will be different on the ground."

Rufist's eyes bulged out in fear.

"That's why I said we should advance? Did you disobey the chairman's instructions?"

"...I'm sorry."

At the sight of Jane bowing her head, Shirone asked with a displeased expression.

"Isn't it natural to fight together because we've been on a boat?"

Of course it was right, but from Rufist's point of view, it was no different from the noise from a civic group.

"Listen carefully, kid. To me, all the people of the kingdom are just parts to run the system. I have a duty to balance all the people of the kingdom. The fairness to die unlucky at the same probability. The kingdom does not tolerate other citizens being exposed to higher risks to stick to your opinion."

Bacon approached and bowed his head.

"I'm sorry. Please give me another chance. This will never happen again."

Rufist turned his body without even replying.

It is difficult to rebuild a broken heart, and if it were a human being, it would not have been shaken in the first place.

"Jane, be prepared for discipline after this is over. I'm sparing you because you're still useful."

Jane's face was shadowed by the fact that she had disappointed the chairman, rather than the cold words.

'Parts...'

To Rufist, all humans in the kingdom are just parts to run the system.

"I'm sorry. Because of me..."

When Bacon apologized with a red face, Jane bowed her head and forced a smile.

"But what do we do now?"

At Yordic's question, Shirone looked up at the iron tower towering over the building.

"What is the probability that they will attack us while destroying Radum?"

"100 percent. They also know that this battle is the last. They will do their best to stop us."

"How about hitting first?"

If judged by the punishment of an angel, it could destroy the bio's artillery.

"Who's will? That is strictly the property of the kingdom. We need to preserve the system until we recover the seeds of life."

Mairei, who eavesdropped on Ra's thoughts through the frequency of God, pointed to the big road and said.

"The enemies are coming."

Ra's voice was always past tense.

So the enemies were already there, and many Ain species were flickering beyond the curtain of the stealth device.

"Our location has been exposed. The interception will begin."

"It's annoying."

Rufist looked back at Shirone and said.

"We approach the bio as quickly as possible. Can you do it?"

Shirone, who understood the will of the chairman, took a deep breath and nodded her head.

"Yes. I can do it."

"We advance at maximum speed. Kuan focuses on VIP security, and the rest watch the sides and rear."
[Translated block]
As Kuan clung tightly to Aria, a strange low hum from the Gader tribe echoed from within the concealment facility.

"Everyone, attack!"

The enemies began to reveal themselves one by one.

They were members of organizations under Spectrum, such as the Black Revolution Party, the Light Race, and Speed Killer.

"Kill the humans! Complete the revolution!"

As their numbers gradually increased and completely filled the street, Luphyst frowned and opened the Spirit Zone.

'Iron Wave!'

As the steel magic was cast, a wave of iron walls surged forward, reaching a height of 10 meters.

"What, what is this?"

At the speed of the wind, the expanding speed stunned the members. At that moment, Luphyst threw his body.

"Follow me. Those who fall behind will be left behind."

As hundreds of Ain tribes screamed and were pushed by the iron wall, Shiroene lifted the incarnation of the Light Angel high into the sky.

'Angel's Punishment!'

With a thud, the spear of light struck beyond the iron wall, and the area was devastated as the bodies of the Ain tribes flew into the sky.

Boom! Boom!

Shiroene repeatedly cast Angel's Punishment, confirming that it did not harm our troops.

The members gritted their teeth at the sound of the hellish screams coming from outside the iron wall.

'Monstrous guys.'

It was hard to tell who was not human.

"Block it! I said block it!"

"How do we block that, you crazy goblin!"

If calling the collision of the strongest spear and the strongest shield a contradiction, then the situation when the two were combined was a disaster.

'Is that the candidate for the Ivory Tower?'

Even if the chairman was there, Shiroene's omnipotence, which ran parallel to the first-class public magician, was eerie.

'Just a little more to go.'

As the distance to the biological flower was reduced to less than 1 kilometer, Kuan's tension soared.

'Are you finally seeing the upper class?'

As far as Kuan knew, all the Ain tribes living in the concealment facility area were middle class or lower.

Of course, they were also powerful forces, but the upper class waiting at the top of the biological flower was different from the Ain tribes that were now being torn apart by the iron wall.

'There's a rumor that there's a pure-blooded vampire...'

As he heard the sound of the sword crying and advancing, Meirei, who was eavesdropping on La Enemy's voice, shouted.

"The interception order has been issued!"

As soon as the words fell, Luphyst, who had stopped the charge, lowered his center and put his arms together.

'Golden House!'

The iron wall, which was extremely thick, was compressed and covered all the mercenaries.

Meirei started counting.

'1 second. 2 seconds. 3 seconds.'

At the point of 4 seconds, the energy beam fired from the biological flower hit the Golden House directly.

"Ah!"

It was hell with just the noise spread inside.

It was a dizzying situation where even the screams were buried in the roar, but Meirei raised her head with clear eyes.

'It was shot 4 seconds later. No doubt.'

La Enemy's incident is currently staying in the biological flower.

"Damn it! Do something!"

As the energy beam of the biological flower dug the Golden House, the temperature inside soared rapidly.

I understood the feelings of the chicken in the steamer.

"We're going to cook!"

Yordic blew cold air from the Ice Globe.

There was a momentary cool feeling, but in the end, it evaporated into steam without lowering the temperature by 1/10 degree.

'If you break the Golden House, you will die anyway. Then rather collect the heat to the limit...'

Luphyst, who calmly calculated the time, caused a crack in the Golden House at the point where he could no longer withstand the high temperature.

"Gather in the biological flower!"

The heat that had been compressed exploded, and the members spread out in all directions with fragments of iron.

"Ah!"

The difference between those who could withstand the explosion and those who could not was clear.

Most of them lost control and flew away, but Kuan hugged Aria's waist and quickly flew out of the radius.

The energy beam that destroyed the Golden House rushed in at the moment, and Shiroene cast the magic she had prepared.
[Translated block]


'Ataraxia!'

The occurrence was instantaneous, and a huge flash was emitted as the photon cannon passed through the magic circle.

The mass wave of light pushed the energy beam in an instant, but it was too large to handle even with Ataraxia's amplification power.

'Really amazing!'

Nevertheless, the moment of time that Shiro-ne opened up provided everyone with the opportunity to escape from the radius.

Only Lian remained in place, and he ran through the strong wind and blocked between Shiro-ne and Ataraxia.

"Uaaaaa!"

At the same time as he slammed the great sword into the ground, the energy beam hit them.

'I'm holding on! I'm holding on!'

Lian's transcendence is powerful as usual, but nothing can follow the incarnation of the moment of protecting Shiro-ne.

"Kuuuuuuu!"

It was not an energy that a creature could bear, so just the vibration transmitted through the handle shattered the finger bones.

'I protect! The Kingdom of Faith...!'

Fractures that started from the back of the hand spread throughout the body.

Smile. Smile.

Again, the hallucination that I heard followed, and the calf and thigh muscles ruptured with a thud, and the left eyeball was crushed and the cheekbone flew away.

Finally, the energy beam disappeared.

"Huuuuuuu..."

A ghost-like moan leaked from Lian's mouth, who had taken the interception of life face-to-face.

Based on him, the energy beam split and a vast two-lane road was created in the city, so you could guess the size of the power he had to bear.

"Li, Lian..."

Shiro-ne's voice trembled.

I heard a simple story about Lian's realm from Miro, but it felt like a delusion to think that I could survive by blocking an ancient weapon with my bare body.

"Lian! You can't die!"

Lian's voice was heard.

"That's right. You can't die."

He, who stood up by pressing the handle of the great sword hard and slowly turning his body, said.

"Before I die, you can never die."

Lian's face, smiling with one eye closed, quickly recovered.

Smile. Smile.

Ignoring the hallucinations that still heard, Lian examined the state of the great sword Idea.

'Really amazing.'

It was a sword that bent many enemies, but it was the first time it was exposed in front of such a powerful force.

But as an objet that never breaks, there was not even a scratch on the blade.

'I don't know how long the hallucinations will last...'

It didn't matter anyway.

If it was to protect Shiro-ne, even if this was the last time, I would have jumped in without hesitation.

'Thank you, grandfather.'

As soon as Lian, who remembered Clump's face, put the great sword on his back, Shiro-ne asked with a blank expression.

"Lian? Are you really recovered?"

"As you can see, there's no problem."

The moment Lian raised his thumb, a fist hit his solar plexus.

Of course, there was no shock because it was blocked by the muscle barrier, but Shiro-ne was even more annoyed.

"You idiot! What if you do such a reckless thing? Don't you know what that is? It's an ancient weapon!"

"That ancient weapon was what you were trying to do, right?"

"Huh?"

Shiro-ne blinked her eyes.

"I saw you preparing for a counterattack. You didn't think about avoiding it from the beginning, right? If you didn't buy time, everyone caught in the explosion would have died."

If it was Rufistra, he would have said it was foolish, but Shiro-ne also had a point that she could not give in.

"That's right. The mission is important, but it's my mercenary group..."

Lian shook his head.

"It's okay. Whatever decision you make, I just have to follow it as your sword. What I really want to say is, there's nothing more shameful for a knight than not being able to protect."

When Lian said what he really wanted to say, it meant that he would carry it out in any situation.

That was the faith of a knight.

Perhaps Lian has become a much bigger person than Shiro-ne knows.

'I'm sorry, Lian.'

As if reading Shiro-ne's thoughts, Lian smiled and pointed at the core of Radum.

"Really, Lian?"

"Obviously, there's no problem."

The moment Lian raised his thumb, a fist hit his solar plexus.

Of course, there was no shock because it was blocked by the muscle barrier, but Shiro-ne was even more annoyed.

"You idiot! What if you do such a reckless thing? Don't you know what that is? It's an ancient weapon!"

"That ancient weapon was what you were trying to do, right?"

"Huh?"

Shiro-ne blinked her eyes.

"I saw you preparing for a counterattack. You didn't think about avoiding it from the beginning, right? If you didn't buy time, everyone caught in the explosion would have died."

If it was Rufistra, he would have said it was foolish, but Shiro-ne also had a point that she could not give in.

"That's right. The mission is important, but it's my mercenary group..."

Lian shook his head.

"It's okay. Whatever decision you make, I just have to follow it as your sword. What I really want to say is, there's nothing more shameful for a knight than not being able to protect."

When Lian said what he really wanted to say, it meant that he would carry it out in any situation.

That was the faith of a knight.

Perhaps Lian has become a much bigger person than Shiro-ne knows.

'I'm sorry, Lian.'

As if reading Shiro-ne's thoughts, Lian smiled and pointed at the core of Radum.
[Translated block]
The Korean phrase "가자. 여행을 계속해야지." translates to "Let's go. We must continue the journey." in English. Is there anything else you would like to know or discuss?
[Translated block]