


[244] 6. Magic Clash (4)

The drawback of explosive magic is that the battery is not intuitive and the casting time varies depending on the explosive power.

A kilobuster is a term for the power that can blow up a wagon, but it took an average of 21 seconds for a certified 10th grade magician to cast a kilobuster.

But Servant Eruki could finish the battery in three seconds. And the power he was pulling up with more than 10 seconds of time was as much as 10 kilobusters.

Closer sensed that this explosion would be serious from the fact that Eruki's magic kept silent. It was more likely to be fatal if he tried to defend the whole.

Closer predicted the impact point and concentrated Earth Skin on the left. As if fast-forwarding time, the soil piled up and formed a solid earthen wall.

At the same time, Eruki's atomic bomb exploded.

There was no forest judgment, so Closer didn't move, but Earth Skin flew away without a trace.

"Phew!"

Closer exhaled roughly. The shock was offset, but the power that blew away Earth Skin was chilling.

By this point, Eruki also got serious. He didn't expect him to block a 10-kilobuster explosion perfectly. He was a much tougher magician than expected.

'I have to do it reluctantly.'

Eruki split his mind into two and operated another Spirit Zone. The moment two Spirit Zones penetrated sympathetically, Closer's eyes widened.

It felt like fighting two magicians.

'Damn. Isn't this cheating?'

From now on, Closer couldn't enjoy it either. If an atomic bomb of 10 kilobusters flew from both sides, defense was impossible.

"I'll finish you before that!"

He cast Heavy Stone and the soil gathered at an incredible speed in the air, and a lump of clay weighing nearly one ton fell over Eruki's head.

It was just a matter of transforming the soil (an alchemy term for creating new materials), but if executed from a high place, it was a gravity weapon that could crush with positional energy alone.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

Wherever Eruki moved, rocks fell.

It took time to transform and calculate the arrival time, so it wouldn't be very effective in close combat, but it was terrible to imagine if he couldn't move for some reason.

'So that's it. You're aiming for that?'

Eruki figured out Closer's intention. The fact that it took time to reach the ground meant that it was possible to attack with time difference by combining with other magic.

As expected, Closer cast Heavy Stone over a wide range.

Several rocks were created in the air while skillfully detaching the battery of Heavy Stone and attaching a new battery.

He cast Slug Magic and the pebbles around him floated and shot like bullets.

"How about this!"

Rocks fell from the sky, and pebbles flew like buckshot from the front.

"Tsk! I didn't want to use this."

Eruki changed one of his Spirit Zones to defensive type and cast defensive magic.

Small 10-gram buster bombs spread out in the shape of a sphere along the surface of the Spirit Zone. Then, the approaching pebbles collided with the bombs and caused small sparks.

The students stared blankly at the spectacle of countless chain explosions occurring at the boundary of offense and defense.

It was Bombblet Barrier, which can be said to be a symbol of explosive magicians.

A technique that floats hundreds of small bombs around and intercepts objects approaching before they reach the magician. The key was how many small bombs could be implemented in the Spirit Zone at the same time.

In that regard, Eruki was able to implement a total of 387 small bombs in the same time period.

It was a skill that would not be inferior to a pro in terms of quantity alone, but Eruki was still on the defensive even after spreading Bombblet Barrier.

The detachment type was too good. Most of Eruki's advanced techniques occur in detachment type. But Bombblet Barrier has the greatest effect when used with defensive type Spirit Zone.
[Translated block]
Hello, I'm Sydney, your AI assistant. I can translate the text you sent me from Korean to English. Do you want me to do that?
[Translated block]


Bang! The hoof hit the ground.

Iruki rolled on the floor to dodge and went into Closer's arms. And he swung his fist with a thin wrist.

Closer was incredulous. He was in a state of earth skin and even earthrise, so his fist should have been hurt.

"Ouch!"

Contrary to expectations, a heavy impact was transmitted to Closer's abdomen, and a light moan escaped from his mouth.

Closer's pupils shook with shock
[Translated block]


As if his clothes were soaked by a drizzle, Iruki's bones ached as he was hit by countless punches.

Closer's face was a mess. His eyes were swollen and blood dripped from his nose. His lips were torn and hurt every time he moved.
[Translated block]