


Age of Chaos (2)

The strange bird Kai Dra, crossing the desert quickly, shot a sharp strange bird sound into the sky.

'Habits has become Satan.'

The identity of the strange bird was Latusa, and the person riding on the back was Uorin, the female emperor of Kasyan.

The project, which was the only way to punish evil, failed and she had a fever for three days.

When her condition did not recover, she kicked the blanket herself and was riding for a change of mood.

'I failed.'

The skull ached again, and the heart that had endured the eternal history beat as if it would burst.

The aftermath of not removing Habits spread throughout the world, and Kasyan also suffered massive damage.

'Is the unknown future so frustrating?'

The real reason for the fever was not just this problem.

'What should I do in the future?' According to the accident of Mitochondrial Eve, Kasyan will fall and Uorin will be miserable.

'Shirone can't protect.' Although it encompasses the whole, it would not use its power for the glory of Kasyan.

'Gauld can't.'

He had only one person.

'Buddha disappeared, and Gokseon weakened. Miro can't handle evil.'

A scary thought came to mind.

'Habits. Evil.'

The way for Kasyan to continue the glory was to join hands with Gustav as Gando said.

'If I become evil, I can endure.' It would be an easy decision for Mitochondrial Eve, who is not a personal life, but...

'Shirone.'

In that case, the beautiful ending with the loved one will forever turn into bubbles.

"What do you want me to do!"

The reason why I had to go out was because I couldn't let the human scream in the name of Terra be caught.

"What do you want me to do!"

When Uorin's scream was blown away by the wind, a dark crowd approached from the sky.

'It's a devil.'

Kai Dra, who quickly lowered the altitude, flew low over the reef, but it seemed to be too late.

"It's a human! Catch it!"

The 24th Flying Brigade belonging to the 16th Legion of the Hell Army found Uorin and immediately changed direction.

"You bug!"

Organ Te, the 2nd Division Commander of the 16th Legion, was a devil covered with a thick shell with a white crust.

"Die!" The ability to stick a long tongue like a ladle into the ground and cause a shock wave around it was a specialty.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

When the sand soared 10 meters high, the corpses of dead devils rotated in the air as if tumbling.

"I can't catch it."

Kido, who had escaped the radius with an old cloak fluttering, lowered the center of his body.

"Earth Spirit."

The desert swirled like a swamp, and Organ Te's tongue was knotted and exposed moisture.

"You son of a bitch!" Numerous thorns sprang from Organ Te's shell and rushed like arrows.

Kido raised his glasses and muttered.

"It won't taste good."

To him, who had mastered the law of the earth, the earth meant something completely different from what other creatures had.

Just as a shark pulls a lion into the sea, a bird pulls a whale into the sky.

'Become one with the earth.'

Everything moving on the ground was an ant on the palm of the hand to Kido, who was the earth itself.

"Kuk! What is this?"

The ground seemed to sway like a wave, and before I knew it, Kido had gone behind Organ Te and swung a spear.

When he crossed his arms covered with a thick shell in an X shape, the blade was stuck with a bang.

"Kkkk! The speed is decent, but the power is not enough. You can't beat me with your weapon."

Kido, who kept the blade, said.

"It didn't touch."

"What?"

"What we feel as a collision, actually, is just a repulsion of charges."

Nothing can touch.

"The position of the electron is probabilistically distributed, and the curtain of that probability surrounds the atom. In other words, there is no collision in the realm of particles."
[Translated block]


Elemental Art - Rule of Origin.

As he concentrated intensely, Kido's eyes sank as if being sucked into the abyss.

"So if I find the probability of my blade's atoms passing through the atoms of your shell...

The blade began to penetrate the shell.

"Hey, wait a minute." Organte's expression changed absurdly.

"Wait a minute! This doesn't make sense! There's no such thing as a fight like this!"

Even though he tried to escape, the tremendous gravitational force bound his legs and he couldn't move at all.

"Damn it! It's unfair! Let's fight again!"

The blade that passed through Organte's arms finally reached his forehead.

"There's no downside. It's pretty hard. And it's very slow."

As if a hot substance had touched it,

The devil's face was neatly split in two.

"Ugh! No! No... Cough!"

Only after the blade came down to his neck did Kido release his superhuman concentration.

"Phew."

Organte's body bent forward with a thud.

"Where??????

Kido, who had torn the flesh from the corpse with his nails, lifted his head and squeezed out the blood.

Blood dripped onto his tongue, and through the 'taste of memory', the devil's memories seeped in.

"...You must have loved once." It was before he became a demon.

"What is love?"

Kido, who was lost in thought looking up at the sky, quickly bowed his head and chuckled with a twitch of his shoulders.

"Hehehe! What happens if I talk like a human?"

He still couldn't fully understand Shiro.

"Yes, I'm still immature."

He jumped up and swung his spear.

"I admit my shortcomings...

That would be the hardest thing.

"All that's left is to move forward." Having shaken off his worries, he turned his body, and a heavy vibration was felt from the horizon.

"What's this?"

"Hahaha! What a windfall. The human I happened to meet was the Empress of Kashan."

More than two hundred demons belonging to the 24th Flying Brigade surrounded Wuorin and Ratusa.

"Well, what can a lowly demon do if he discovers me?"

As Ratusa made a threatening noise, Wuorin drew the sword filled in the saddle.

"Well. The Empress would naturally be different from ordinary humans...

Dal Mang, the brigade commander with cones set up on both sides of his jaw, raised his giant sawtooth sword.

"So it's not a delicacy?"

There was a glint in Wuorin's eyes.

'Can I beat him? It's close.' He had absorbed many techniques as a mitochondrial Eve, but the body had to change over generations.

'I haven't mastered it.'

In the end, no matter how high the level of technique, there was a limit to the combat power that could be produced.

"Attack! I've been humiliated by Kashan so far! I need to vent here! Catch her alive!"

The winged demons attacked Ratusa, and Dal Mang swung his sawtooth sword like a windmill and charged.

"Hong! If you can catch it, catch it!"

While Wuorin countered with a combination of magic and elemental art, a tense battle unfolded.

"Ho? Is it a secret weapon?"

Although the explosion of Yacha's body, Banya's elemental art, and powerful magic exploded, Dal Mang was at ease.

"Hehe, are you tired already?" He had never been lazy in training, but real combat was different from practice, so his stamina was quickly depleted.

'This body is really weak. Did I focus too much on the aesthetic standard?'

He hated his ancestors.

Aaaaaaaaah!

When he turned his head at the sound of Kaidra's strange noise, many demons had spears stuck in their bodies.

"Ratusa!"

"Where are you going?"

When Dal Mang turned his body towards Wuorin, who was trying to retreat, a sharp sound was heard.

Peelilililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililil
[Translated block]
"Brigade Commander!"

As the demons shouted, the shadow of several wheels drew a large radius at the same time.

Dozens of demons were cut into pieces, and finally, Kido revealed his figure.

"Oh, the human female emperor. It's been a while."

As Kido raised his glasses with a sharp smile, Wuorin's eyes narrowed.

"Why are you here?"

"Let's talk later. Let's deal with it first." There are various kinds of demons, but Kido's combat experience wandering in the desert was not inferior to them.

"One, two, three, four, five!"

As the demons died quickly at the speed of counting numbers, the ones with wings flew into the sky.

"He's not an ordinary guy! Attack from the sky!"

"Arrogant demons."

Kido turned his body like a top and rolled on the desert with his back.

"Eating from the ground...

Fire God Technique, Earthbound Command.

"Why do you rely on the sky?"

As if an invisible hand came up from the ground and grabbed their ankles, the demons were pulled to the ground.

"Ugh! What is this!"

It felt like carrying a ton of iron balls.

"Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut." The spear rotates, the flesh rotates, and the world seems to rotate, and Wuorin just watched blankly.

'He's gotten stronger.' The self-proclaimed Goblin King revealed a completely different presence from when he fought with Fengjiang.

"Cut, cut, huh?"

In the middle of the desert, only Kido was spinning among the chopped corpses of the demons.

Kido, who turned his body and bounced like a top, stepped on the desert with both feet.

"Oops!"

When he stopped in front of Wuorin, a cloud of dust spread, covering her whole body.

"Hahaha! It's a traditional goblin makeup."

It was a goblin tradition to apply mud when fighting.

"Whatever...

Wuorin asked as she dusted off.

"Why are you here?"

Instead of answering, Kido turned his body, dropped the flesh of the brigade commander, put it in his mouth, and chewed.

Wuorin's eyebrows slightly frowned.

"I'm practicing to gain enlightenment. Don't you know that, the human king?"

Of course she knew, but she didn't really care.

"What enlightenment?"

"Love."

Kido approached.

"Goblins are strong, but they don't love like humans. I'm looking for love that has escaped the shackles of eating and breeding."

When he protected Shiro in Andre's labyrinth, Kido felt human emotions for the first time.

"Hmm, for that, you're eating the meat of the demons too deliciously?"

"Hahaha! Of course. You have to eat to live."

It seemed difficult to reach enlightenment yet.

'He's barbaric.'

Kido wasn't wearing pants, so the goblin's thing dangled between his legs.

'It's quite big. He's short.'

Feeling Wuorin's gaze, Kido didn't feel uncomfortable, but proudly pushed his waist forward.

"I'm the king of goblins."

"......Anyway, thank you. I received help, so I'll return the favor. If you want something, tell me."

"I don't want anything. If there is, would it be true love? But you can't give it to me, can you?"

Wuorin shook her head as if startled after taking another look at Kido's lower body.

"I'm a bit like that, do you want me to introduce you to a human woman?"

"Haha! No need! I will find my love. And it doesn't have to be a human, I think."

Kido turned his body and waved his hand.

"Have a good trip. Be careful of the demons."

"Wait a minute."

Wuorin's eyes sparkled.

'He'll be useful.'

Kido is strong, was a friend of Shiro, and above all, he has the ability called 'Taste of Memory'.

"Do you want to go to the Imperial City with me?"

"Imperial City?"

Kido's lips opened slightly.
[Translated block]