


[481] Direct Pointing (3)

Shirone was sitting in the grass and looking at the lake.

The lake was white like milk and calm as if it was in the middle of a windless area.

His eyes were fixed on the horizon above the water.

-What are you looking at?

'Ikael.'

From the center of the lake, the water rose convexly and then turned into Ikael's shape.

The smooth white liquid that flowed over the surface disappeared and Ikael's appearance appeared as if it was real.

-What are you looking at?

'Father. Mother.'

Ikael collapsed like a sand castle and Vincent's couple took his place.

'Lian. Amy. Friends.'

The calm water began to shake as if it met a storm.

The shapes of countless people rose above the water and filled it completely with allies and enemies, loved ones and hated ones.

-What are you looking at?

The milky liquid gathered together and turned into a giant Mirka.

He was hit hard by her rule-breaking appearance that blocked variables from the source.

But was she really an unbeatable enemy?

There is nothing absolute in rule-breaking, Marsha's advice flashed through his mind.

'Who is it?'

Shirone suddenly lifted his head and looked at the air.

Who could it be?

The voice that had been asking him questions since a while ago.

-To see something is nothing but a process of confirming something that is already there or not there.

The voice had no personality like air.

It seemed like some information in his head borrowed the form of voice and delivered it.

Ultima system.

The one-dimensional integrated information system that had infiltrated Shirone's brain was operating in a dormant state.

That's why the voice he heard now was a message from someone who had already left this world.

But since that message was buried in eternal time, it was as if it was heard from his side now.

-To truly see something is to look at something that exists there in its pure state.

'In its pure state.'

The voice asked again.

-What are you looking at?

Defeat. Peope's betrayal. Flue's safety.

All those emotions rose above the water.

No, I'm not looking at that. Just because I wanted to see it, or because I thought I had to see it, I created an illusion of thought.

"I am... what am I looking at?"

All the shapes on the water began to collapse with a splash.

"I'm not looking at anything."

The voice said.

-When you don't see anything, that's when you see everything.

The lake calmed down again.

Soon, the water level dropped and the white liquid disappeared and the world broke down into pieces and flew away like cherry blossoms out of sight.

The Ultima system, which had been lurking like a ghost in his head network, finally became systematized and attached to the end of his nerves.

At the same time, Shirone's avatar shone brightly, signaling his mental change.

If the blind directionality of the cerebral synapses creates concentration and that concentration is realized as a spirit zone, then Shirone's spirit zone with Ultima system installed was manifesting as something unique and independent with a different nature from before.

'This is...'

Direct pointing.

A single gaze that looks at the world straightly.

Nothing was left in the landscape and it returned to its original place and spread out in front of Shirone's eyes.

The lake was still calm, but now Shirone's eyes were clearly conveying countless possibilities that changed like living creatures.

-What are you looking at?

Shirone answered.

"Ultimate."

As if to answer back, the voice said.

-That's Ultima's....

Flash!

Shirone opened his eyes wide as if he was shocked by the intense flash that hit his brain.

'What happened?'

A faint memory like a dream.

But the image itself was too clear.

Losing consciousness after hitting his head on a cliff was the afterimage of memory left for Shirone.
[Translated block]


```
"Huh?"

Shirone, who came to his senses, finally noticed the hot breath flowing from his lips.

An unidentified woman was on top of him, kissing him.

Shirone, whose face turned red, was startled and pushed her away.

"What, what is this?"

The woman rolled over weakly, and breathed painfully with her naked body exposed.

Shirone quickly lit a fire with Shining magic.

"Peope
[Translated block]


```
But he was always miserable with that word.

Fairies are pure and humans are selfish.

No matter how hot they burn, human greed is endless, and in the end they endlessly crave and dry up and kill the fairies.

"I'm still alive. How can I bring Peope back?"

That was why Sirone obediently entered the encirclement.

"Human, accept the aura obediently. Then I will take responsibility for Peope's life and save him."

"I asked you what the method is."

Mirka answered in a cold voice, seeing Sirone's eyes that still did not bend.

"There is only one person who can recover a fairy whose life is exhausted from heaven. Archangel Ikael."

Sirone sensed the truth as soon as he heard it.

The incarnation of amplification.

Ikael could amplify Peope's faint spirit and restore it to its original state.

"I got it."

"Good choice. Hand over Peope to us and...."

"Adamantine armor."

Sirone grabbed Armand's handle and activated the adamantine armor.

In an instant, an organic robe wrapped around him and an artificial brain outside Akamai's eye was mounted and floated above his head.

The fairies tensed up and took a battle stance all at once.

He may have lost to Mirka, but he was a skilled person who shot down countless fairies.

But Mirka, who already knew that there was no variable in the match with Sirone, raised her mouth as if mocking him.

"You have a good weapon. Thanks to that, you must have been able to play here with such mediocre skills. But without that weapon, you are nothing but a weak human."

He had already overwhelmed him with the strength of the incarnation, so it didn't matter what skills he used or how many functions he had.

The fact that there was no variable was the most terrifying point of the razor blade of truth.

Sirone put Peope in Armand's robe without a word.

He made a pocket near his heart and protected it safely with Ringer's minerals.

He had to go through a fierce fight as soon as possible to get to Ikael.

Mirka realized that Sirone had no intention of surrendering from his actions and reached out with an angry face.

"Kill him. Make him pay for the sin of destroying heaven."

The fairies who were waiting on all sides flew at Sirone with a terrifying speed.

At the same time, Sirone's eyes snapped forward.

Magic that couldn't even confirm its attributes rained from all sides, and the fairies moved quickly like a storm in the storm, but Sirone ignored them all.

When you don't see anything, you see everything.

Sirone's directness was activated and the boundary line of the spirit zone began to blur.

Mirka, a supreme being of justice, sensed the change first.

"That is...?"

The presence of the spirit zone gradually faded. It even melted into the world completely and the boundary line disappeared.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwa!

As Sirone opened his eyes wide, dozens of photon cannons pierced diagonally from a completely detached place.

It was an angle that was impossible unless Sirone shot it from mid-air.

The fairies who were rushing in from the side were exposed defenselessly and swept away by the waterfall of light and stuck to the ground.

"What? How did he use magic...!"

Sirone created photon cannons from all directions and shot them away.

The runaway of light intertwined like a net and indiscriminately bombed the fairies.

Even in the midst of that, the fairies couldn't find the starting point of magic and just looked around with a confused expression.

There is no center point where magic is realized.

Sirone's mind, which harmonized with the world, achieved a perfect state of omnipotence, and photon cannons tied in bunches turned sharply like anchovies swimming in the sea and swept away enemies.

"Krrr!"

Mirka hastily dodged her body and escaped outside the radius.

It was shocking that the first unit that tried to suppress Sirone was completely annihilated, but what came to her mind first was an ancient record.

"This is Gaia's...."

The spirit zone of those who use Ultima System, 'Elysion', resurrected beyond ancient times.
```
[Translated block]