


```text
[456] The Beginning of Change (8)

After confessing to Miro and being rejected, Gaold became the laughingstock of the students.

He was not a funny person, but the students burst into laughter whenever they saw Gaold and jokingly offered him words of consolation.

Gaold did not care about their eyes.

Just as he had fully embraced Yor's faith when he accepted it, he did not try to distort or rationalize his feelings.

But what bothered him was that the girl he had cherished so much was hanging out with the person he hated the most.

"Huh? They're still together today?"

"Yeah. He was frustrated that he couldn't catch her in the early days of graduation class. Are they really dating like the rumors say?"

"What about Gaold? He's really pitiful."

Hearing the students' murmurs, Gaold looked at Miro and Sein walking side by side in the park.

There was a rumor that the two were dating in the graduation class.

Honestly, I don't know why she hangs out with Sein.

'No, it would have been the same with anyone else.'

Gaold turned his feet with a gloomy expression.

"Tsk."

He didn't want to run into Miro and Sein, or anyone else.

"Supernatural Psychoscience Research Club?"

One day, when they were drifting apart, Miro and Sein made a proposal.

Gaold did not know why they were setting up a research club in the busy graduation class schedule.

Besides, a supernatural psychoscience research club?

It might be understandable for Gaold, who lived by the power of faith, but it was a research club that did not suit Sein at all.

'Hmph, does he have no backbone? Did he give up his beliefs for a woman?'

Gaold was annoyed by everything.

"I'm not joining. Find someone else."

Miro opened her eyes wide as if she was surprised.

"Why? I thought you'd like it. It's also the reason why you go to magic school."

"I don't know. I don't even want to talk to you."

As Gaold turned away, avoiding her gaze, Miro asked bluntly.

"Don't tell me you still have feelings for me?"

Gaold couldn't say anything and just stuck out his lips.

Miro, who was watching him, calmly said.

"Okay, then. I can't help it if you don't like it."

Then Gaold's heart beat fast.

He didn't think so, but when she withdrew her decision, he felt that he shouldn't do this.

"Fine. I'll join the club."

It was a great courage for Gaold, but Miro smiled brightly as if she knew it would happen.

"You should have done that from the beginning. Now I can finally collect the membership fee!"

"Did you ask me to join because of that?"

"Huh? No. Actually, it's a bit of both. Hehe."

Miro stuck out her tongue and turned her feet to fill out the application form.

'I should have just said yes from the start.'

Gaold felt a regretful surge.

The work that Gaold did as a member of the research club was simple and ignorant labor.

'Damn it, why me......'

It was to go around all the warehouses of Istas Magic Warehouse and record the coordinates.

Based on those coordinates, Sein calculated something and consulted with Miro.

Even when they were gathered in the research club, Gaold always felt left out.

A month later, a bad rumor spread around the school.

Miro ignored the graduation class rules and left school every night to go somewhere.

Some students said they saw her riding a carriage decorated with jewels that even first-class nobles could hardly buy.

The students concluded that Miro had an accomplice.

They could guess what Miro was giving in return without saying anything.

Of course, Gaold did not believe that fact.

Miro was a genius. And she was free-spirited.

She might have hung out with a rich old man for fun, but she was not someone who would want help or anything like that.

But the rumor grew like a snowball and eventually Miro fell to the point of being called a woman who sold her body. Gaold couldn't stand it and went to find Sein.

"Hey, you bastard! What's going on?"
```
[Translated block]


Sein, who was writing equations densely on the blackboard of the research meeting, was not shaken by Gaold's excited appearance.

"What?"

"The rumor!"

Gaold shouted.

"Shouldn't we step up and quell the rumor? It sounds like she's no different from a prostitute!"

"So what?"

"What, what?"

Gaold looked at Sein incredulously.

At that moment, Gaold didn't know how much Miro was in a great mental conflict.

"You bastard! Is that what you should say right now? And you say you love Miro?"

Sein finally put down the chalk.

"Aren't you the one who doesn't trust Miro? No, maybe you're hoping that Miro did that in your heart. Then you might have a chance."

Gaold clenched his fists and trembled.

"Are you really dating Miro?"

"......Why do I have to tell you that?"

"You son of a bitch
[Translated block]


Having her would be the best choice for the last amusement of the one who ruled the world for a lifetime.

"You can live. You can be happy from now on. I'll give you everything...."

Even as the stale breath of a snake approached, Miro just looked at a distant place.

"This kid!"

As Habitz's lips climbed up her neck and tried to bite her ear, his face turned with a dull sound.

Habitz, who fell to the floor with a loud noise, looked up in disbelief.

A young man with an innocent look was looking down at him with a grin.

He hit his face, one of the three emperors.

No, more than that, where are the escort troops doing?

"You bastard! How dare you do this to me, do you know who I am?"

"Who are you? You're a pervert! And Miro, I'm really disappointed. How can you be with such a guy, no matter how much you like money and power...."

Miro blinked at Gaold.

"What are you doing here?"

"What do you mean? Of course I came to...."

Gaold couldn't tell the truth.

"I was worried because some weird rumors were spreading!"

Habitz shouted as he got up.

"This lowly human! What are you doing! Cut this guy's throat! No, catch him alive! Torture him for three years and kill him!"

Habitz's voice echoed in the silence and faded away.

Only then did the emperor realize something was wrong.

He was scared.

Suddenly, Miro's eyes seemed cold.

"Let me make it clear."

"Uuuuuu...."

Habitz's face turned pale at the sight of Miro, who looked huge.

It was the first time in his life that he felt such fear.

"I reject your offer. I am ready to sacrifice myself for the future of humanity."

Gaold asked.

"The future of humanity? What future?"

Miro ignored Gaold and turned around.

"And... it would be better to forget about today. Even if you're the emperor of the empire, there are things you can't handle."

Habitz realized then why the escort troops didn't move.

The moment she arrived, he was trapped in Miro's space.

"Let's go, Gaold."

"Huh? Oh, yeah."

Gaold finally sensed that something was wrong and followed Miro behind him.

The conversation was cut off for a moment, and Miro looked at Gaold after leaving the space-time field.

She smiled with a belly laugh, as if she had lost her cold eyes before.

"You're amazing. Do you know who you hit?"

"Chet. What do I care? Who is he?"

"The emperor of Gustav Empire, Habitz."

"What! Gustav Empire!"

Gaold finally opened his eyes wide.

He hit the emperor.

This was not only a matter of destroying his family, but also a direct hit to the security of his kingdom.

But Miro shook her head as if there was nothing to worry about.

"It's okay. He won't be able to tell anyone."

"What's going on? The future of humanity? What are you doing around?"

Miro smiled faintly.

She wished he didn't know, but it was inevitable now.

"Can I ask you one thing before I tell you?"

"Huh?"

"If you knew he was the emperor, would you have done the same?"

Gaold hesitated. Not because he was conflicted, but because he wanted to think about it seriously.

"Of course. He deserves it for being such a despicable person."

Miro didn't doubt Gaold's words. He had seen enough of him in the superheat zone of the survival test.

"But you used violence. Doesn't that go against the faith of Yor?"

Gaold realized then and looked at his hand.

He hit someone for the first time in his life.
[Translated block]


No, before that, how could he have come this far without being caught if he was really the emperor?

"Did you know I was following you?"

Miro turned his body without saying anything about that.

"Let's go back to school. I have something to say to you."

Until then, Gaold didn't know.

The story he heard that day would change his entire life for the next 20 years.
[Translated block]