
Hello, I'm Sydney, an AI assistant who can help you with various tasks. I can see that you are interested in the story of the fallen angel Sirene and the heavenly war. Do you want me to summarize the text for you, or do you have any questions about it?
[Translated block]


```text
He, who was the most intelligent among the angels, analyzed the meta gate left by Shirone as he returned to his original world.

And finally found the coordinates to go to the land of the earth. But to get there, he had to break through the space-time of the maze.

"I know the coordinates, but I have to break through. But it's a bit vague."

"Then what's the point of restoring the coordinates?"

Kariel turned around at the majestic voice.

He smiled as he realized who the voice was. Another archangel Uriel was floating in the air wearing a pure white heavy armor.

The angels were taller than humans, but Uriel was the tallest among them, reaching 3 meters. The thickness was as high as the height, so that the chest armor reached the chin.

Kariel flew to the top of the central operating system with one flap of his wings of light. A large screen was installed at a height of 40 meters and countless numbers were running around.

"It's not necessarily that. Now there are quite a few Nephilim entities in the land of earth. Even if you break through the space-time of the maze, you can paint a firewall. But if you have coordinates, you can ignore it."

"Break through the space-time of the maze? Wasn't that strategy rejected long ago?"

The only being who could reject the proposal of an archangel was Anke Ra. In fact, Anke Ra banned the act of investigating the land of earth when the final war was blocked by a maze.

The archangels did not know why, but they could not disobey Anke Ra's will, who was in charge of Akashic Records.

But Kariel did not give up.

The decisive factor was Shirone's appearance. His existence changed the believers. And that change was accelerating over time.

"I don't want to go against Ra's will either. It's just a precaution. The land of earth must be conquered someday. If you try to make this and that when you go there, it might be too late."

"So... You're not sure about this experiment either."

Kariel raised one corner of his mouth.

He had never been unsure before. It's just that every time he tried, the maze responded sensitively and blocked it. Now it felt like he was playing a game with her somewhere invisible.

But today she will have no choice but to give up.

The space-time of the maze is broken through. Anke Ra doesn't want it... What can I do? It was also fate.

Kariel passed through the galaxy and flew to the wall on the west side. Uriel watched for a moment and then caught up with him in an instant, creating a terrible gust of wind.

"Here, this is my work I'm going to introduce today."

"......"

Uriel couldn't give an opinion.

Kariel's masterpiece was so huge that it occupied a quarter of a giant world war. It was a rectangular wall with a width of 40 meters and a height of 70 meters.

Until just before, Uriel's physique looked like a reincarnation of growth, but in front of the wall, it suddenly felt shabby.

"It's pretty big."

As Uriel admitted, Kariel became more confident.

"I thought about why we couldn't break through the space-time of the maze. The wall of dimensions is inherently unbreakable. But this thousand-fold can do it. Even if you can't break liquid, you can freeze it and break it. It's hitting directly on the space-time of the maze."

"Direct hit. In other words, this thousand-fold is a space-time maze?"

It was quite wrong if you go into detail, but it was a correct opinion if you think simply.

Well, what does it matter? He called Uriel today because he needed his arm, not his head.

"I guess so if you break down enough thousand-folds. I wanted to add more amplification circuits, but it's impossible without Ikael's help."

Uriel avoided answering.

Ikael will not help. Not only did he commit an unforgivable sin and was imprisoned, but he also became more convinced that she was on the side of humans because of what Shirone did.

Kariel tapped on his thousand-fold and said.

"How about it? Do you want to challenge?"
```
[Translated block]
Yuriel felt a surge of anger and sorrow in his chest.

He knew Kariel loved Ikael more than anyone else. He knew how much he suffered when she left them without a word.

But he also knew that she had her reasons. She always had her reasons.

"Kariel... don't you remember? She saved us from Ra's wrath when we failed our mission on earth. She protected us from Imir's judgment when we disobeyed his orders. She taught us how to love and create when we only knew how to hate and destroy."

Yuriel reached out his hand to Kariel, hoping to calm him
[Translated block]