


[330] The Philosophy of a Combat Mage (4)

"Hong-an. That means self-image memory corrects errors in the shortest time. This is a really amazing ability. If you look at talent alone, you should be the best in the continent, not Alpheus Magic School. That's what the countless geniuses from your family are proving."

Amy had no choice but to refute.

The hypocrisy of the Carmis family, no, even her brothers from the main family had already made a name for themselves in their fields at a young age.

"So what? I've never thought of relying on my family until now! Are you saying that I got to this position because of my talent? I've always tried to stand on my own."

"That's right. That's exactly what childishness is."

Amy's face hardened coldly.

"Rather, rely on your family. What you have, what your family has. You have to mobilize everything and collide. You have something that others can't have even if they want to, from birth, and you just throw it away for the reason that you want to do it with your own strength? That's exactly what childishness is."

"I am... I don't think that..."

"Do you remember the kids you met at the skating rink? Jokrela or something? Ains Magic School is honestly not prestigious. Their talent is much lower than yours. But they still find a way to live together and become mages. Did they fail because they were unlucky? No, Amy. You are competing in one of the five prestigious schools in the kingdom. There are many more people who are more unfair than you in the world. If you want to be a mage, and if you want to be the best mage, you have to fight and win no matter what situation you face."

Amy bowed her head.

Anger had disappeared before she knew it.

No, it felt like everything had returned to its original point.

Dante was right.

The place she belonged to was Alpheus Magic School, where the best talents of the kingdom gathered, and it was at the top of the graduation class.

There was no excuse for this place.

Only in a battlefield where talents who only look at the best collide, it was nothing but a nonsense of a full man to say this and that.

"Then what should I... do?"

She jumped over the wall and stood back at the start point.

The second time will be faster.

But it was only a thought in her head.

Now she had to overcome herself. And that was Amy's first ordeal.

'Amy...'

Shirone looked at Amy pitifully.

Dante's straightforward speech must have been a big shock to Amy. But she couldn't intervene.

It wasn't because she had an arrogant thought that it would help Amy.

It was because Dante's words were true.

Silence hung over the table.

They couldn't hear the laughter of tourists from all sides.

Dante sipped his cold coffee and looked at Amy.

He didn't have any special feelings for her. But she was the most annoying thing in the graduation exam.

"Why don't I tell you why you failed?"

Amy raised her head again.

Shirone, who had been lost in thought, also looked at Dante.

If it was Dante's analysis with information processing as his major, it would be worth listening to regardless of the situation.

"Of course, I've only seen you use magic with my eyes in the graduation exam. And that's not even 5 minutes. But there was something that I couldn't understand even in a short time."

"Did I make a wrong judgment?"

"No. It's more of a problem closer to the essence. To put it bluntly, you have a fatal flaw. Especially if you're aiming for a combat mage, there's something missing that you must have."

She had never thought that she had a weakness. So Amy swallowed her saliva and waited for the next word.

Dante turned his head with his coffee cup in his hand. He paused for a moment and said with his lips sticking out.

"You don't have... style."

"Style?"

Amy asked back at an unexpected word. But Shirone nodded slightly.
[Translated block]


You have no style.

It was a word that summed up the vague feeling of discomfort that I had been feeling while being with Amy.

It was possible for Dante, who had the best defense in the kingdom, to clearly grasp Amy's weakness by seeing only five minutes of battle.

Shirone added a word.

"Let's say it's versatile. I've felt it since before, but you're too great to be a disguise."

Amy's face flushed at Shirone's words. It was more embarrassing because she was shocked by Dante's blunt words.

"Are you kidding me now?"

Dante shook his head.

"No, Shirone's words make sense. From what I saw, you have a tendency to control the situation perfectly. Because you can do that."

"What's wrong with that?"

"It's a big problem. Your specialty is sniper mode. Most magicians induce situations to environments where their specialties can be specialized. Style occurs there. Shirone likes the strategy of crushing with force because he has an immortal function. I like counter because I enjoy analyzing the opponent. But you're different. If sniper mode is not convenient, you immediately find a second solution."

Amy felt dizzy as if she had been hit in the head with a hammer.

"Do you know what's really serious? In the end, you do it. Find a second solution. You're too energetic. But how long can that work?"

Amy's lips trembled.

Stupid. Fool.

Why didn't I ever think about it?

"Usually, you'll hit a wall at the student level. But your talent went through to the graduation class. And then you hit a wall at the most important moment."

Dante opened his palm and bumped his fist.

"That's when the situation where all participants are aiming for you came up. You experienced a situation where you couldn't do it with talent alone for the first time in front of the difficulty that soared sharply from the graduation class lesson. Nana and Shirone had experienced difficulties early on, but they appeared too late for you. Fermi probably knew it already, your fatal weakness. That's why you were chosen as a sacrifice."

Dante recalled the graduation test and gave an example.

"As soon as you felt the change in the situation, you gave up Samuel and aimed for Fermi. If it's Schema, you would have judged that you could gain an advantage even in close combat. But there was trouble there. You should have distanced yourself as soon as you felt uncomfortable. Somehow led to a situation where sniper mode could be specialized. But you didn't."

Shirone took over.

"Because I had confidence that I could solve it somehow."

Dante nodded his head.

"It's impossible to control all situations in battle. The time required for judgment during combat is long for 1 second. If there are choices, delays are inevitable. That's why style is important. Trust your style and bet everything on it."

Amy recalled the situation where she was tied up by Xenoger's spider web in Kazra.

She had a lot of thoughts then too.

But if she had only focused on what she could do, she could have melted the spider web with Ignite and escaped.

"Maybe you analyzed everything in the graduation class. The combat power of all participants, judgment, habits, behavior, etc. You analyzed everything about them and decided that you were advantageous, did you?"

Amy obediently admitted it.

"Yes. That's right."

"But I didn't think about style. That's as important as combat power. If the compatibility is not good, you should also know how to avoid and wait. If I go back to the past now and fight with Shirone at that time, maybe 90 percent of me will win."

Shirone obediently nodded his head.

There is no if in history, but if his past self and Dante now fought against each other, it would be a battle that would be pushed nine out of ten times.

"Combat is not a problem that can be gauged by skill alone. To put it extremely, Shirone's Ataraxia can also be destroyed before completion. But why couldn't I succeed? Because Shirone constantly induced situations that were favorable to him. The collision of style and style. That's the battle of magicians."

---

That sounds like an intense conversation between three magicians who are analyzing their strengths and weaknesses in combat situations. Are they friends or rivals? What kind of magic system is Schema?
[Translated block]
Dante felt curious about her and approached her. He heard her pleading with someone on the phone in a language he didn't understand.

"Please, please... I need money... I can't go back..."

She sounded desperate and scared. Dante wondered what kind of trouble she was in. He tapped her shoulder gently and spoke in English.

"Excuse me, miss. Do you need any help?"
[Translated block]