
That winter (1)

Shirone and Minerva wandered around the world looking for traces of "Law Shot".

"Target deprivation."

Minerva, sitting on a jet, said.

"They call it target change when the user's life is initialized. And when the sword was destroyed."

Shirone took her words.

"The 'Law Shot' reappears in front of the closest person who can remove the target."

"But if the new user changes his mind and does not kill the target, the 'Law Shot' destroys itself and deprives the user."

Shirone didn't know what happened after that.

"The life of the 'Law Shot' is so powerful that it twists the law. So it breaks at the moment it can't be killed. If you express it in human terms, it's like a tantrum."

"Hate."

"That's right. If target deprivation occurs, the hatred of the 'Law Shot' is maximized. Even if Habits is out of the law, it will not be an easy match if it is a 'Law Shot' in a state of target deprivation." Shirone looked straight ahead. "Where could it be?"

"Target deprivation is the maximum function of 'Law Shot'. But the downside is that it doesn't appear in front of people."

"Then there's no way to find it."

"It's difficult, but it's not like finding a needle in a desert. If the 'Law Shot' was born now...

Minerva's eyes were filled with sorrow.

"That area would have already been scorched."

While Shirone's team was recovering the 'Law Shot', the Exmachina team went into final inspection.

There were thousands of papers with algorithms drawn on the wall, and the table was full of documents.

"Alpha Fish, or Pilot Fish, is the first to enter the aquarium and create an environment where Beta Fish can live."

Iruki said, sorting out the documents.

"The fact that Abella has changed her mind means that Habits has also accepted her."

Gudio, who was recording on the blackboard, said.

"If she is a character born with the fate of a witch, she would have captivated Habits' heart. The strategy worked."

Iruki nodded.

"I don't know how sincere Habits is, but this will somewhat bind him to the law."

It was Alpha Fish to create that environment.

"We lost Crouch as a price...

Iruki, who briefly mourned, put the last document in the safe and stood up.

"Now what we have to do is to create the best law to snipe Habits before we recover the 'Law Shot'."

Agaya opened the door.

"The 'Law Shot' in a state of target deprivation does not distort the law. Instead, it becomes the law itself."

Gudio, Mice, Ness followed.

"There are many bulletproof troops and facilities protecting Habits besides Gustav 4th. It's impossible to snipe as long as you live in Marsak."

An iron fortress that cannot be approached without Alpha Fish.

"It's our role to create a gap in that iron fortress."

Iruki, who left the room last, arrived at the Exmachina device in the basement.

'I'll definitely find it, that gap.' The door opened with steam, and the world's top five servants entered.

Orient, Moon Kingdom.

One of the seven kings, the moon was a country that ran the cutting edge of magic, excluding the real country of the East.

"Ugh. I see death, death."

At the foot of Mt. Chiak, the royal magician trembled with a bell in his hand.

"Can't go up. From now on, all we have to wait for is darkness deeper than the abyss."

Mt. Chiak.

It was a mountain of heaven where people did not live from the old days, and the place was guarded by ominous beasts.

"I know, so let's go quickly. They're waiting behind."

Minerva pointed to the soldiers of the Moon Kingdom lined up behind her and said.

"Are you really going? I am a royal magician, but I cannot stop this energy."

Shirone looked up at the snow-covered mountain.

'This is Minerva's...

The life that seemed to lose her mind when she first met Minerva was covering the mountain.
[Translated block]


"Shouldn't you have reported quickly if something like this happened? Anyway, kings."

The disaster came to the Moon Kingdom two months ago, but the kingdom turned a blind eye for diplomatic reasons.

According to rumors in the private houses, they heard the screams of beasts from the mountains almost every day.

"It must be the work of the 'Law of Killing'." Minerva stood next to Shirone.

"The resentment of not being able to kill the target of the killing is endlessly amplified and sweeps away everything around."

There was no need for the 'Law of Killing' to move, and most creatures would die just by killing.

"Let's go up for now. We need to check."

As they climbed the mountain following the path made by the beasts, Shirone discovered that the bodies of numerous beasts were piled up with question marks.

"They're all dead."

Herbivores living in the middle of the mountain, such as rabbits and deer, were frozen to death without a single wound.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

Starting with the lower soldiers, even the executives started to vomit.

"We have to stop here. We can't go any further!"

The shaman warned again.

"Anyway, it's getting weaker."

They were also so-called elites, but the energy of the 'Law of Killing' spread on the mountain was Minerva's.

"Wait here. Only Shirone and I will go up."

There was no one to argue against Odaesung's instructions, and the two crossed the middle and headed for the summit.

"My goodness...

In the field where even the grass died, they saw the bodies of monstrous monsters, goblins born from affection, and beasts as big as houses.

"They fought."

In the eyes of Minerva, who had suddenly turned into a girl, there was a desperate emotion.

"At first, the grass died, then the herbivores. When there was nothing left to kill, they pierced everything that came across the mountain."

There was a trace of penetration in every corpse.

"Whether they have intelligence or not, they instinctively realized that if they couldn't get rid of that sword that suddenly came into the mountain, they would all die. So they chased the 'Law of Killing' and came here...

The result was annihilation.

"That was the hatred I had for the world."

Just looking at the scenery of Mt. Chiak, one could see how cruel the young Minerva's heart was.

"And now it's a fragment that can't be removed, still wandering around the world."

The place where the girl arrived was the top of the mountain, where the 'Law of Killing' was imprinted like a woodcut in the cold snow.

Only around the law of killing in the all-white world, it was rippling in purple.

Minerva reached out and grabbed the short sword.

"That's why I've already given it to you, but only I can retrieve the 'Law of Killing' of target deprivation."

I found the 'Law of Killing'.

"Miss Minerva...

The moment Shirone moved to comfort her, a voice was heard from the other side of the mountain.

"You're late. The two busy Odaesungs are running around together, so I'm relieved?"

When Minerva saw the man walking with a crunch in the snow, she frowned.

"Mahoro Amanta." He was one of the five great saints who turn the world wheel, the balance party.

"It's my first time meeting Mr. Shirone. I should congratulate you, but I'm so busy."

Minerva turned back into an adult.

"Mr. Shirone? It's a proper Odaesung. And isn't Shirone the one with the hot breath?"

Among the five great saints, Minerva was the most comfortable calling Shirone, but Amanta didn't care.

'One of the five great saints of the balance party?'

He had brown skin, a bald head, and deep wrinkles showing traces of three at the corners of his eyes.

Tiririririri!

When he flicked his middle finger, a small wheel-shaped world wheel spun between his thumb and index finger.

"So? What brings the busy balance party's Odaesung here?"

"There is no point of compassion now that Buddha is gone. I'm worried that you're going too far."

Minerva didn't give Shirone a chance to intervene.

"You're so nosy. You don't have to worry about that. Because he's doing much better than you."
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]