
Fermi smirked and leaned back on his chair.

"You can't do it with normal methods. But there is one thing that can bypass Siroene's protection."

He paused for dramatic effect and looked at Miro with narrowed eyes.

"Do you know what it is?"

Miro frowned and shook his head.

"No idea. What is it?"

Fermi whispered in a low voice as if revealing a secret.
[Translated block]


"It's not cloning. It's already 'somewhere' cloned."

Arius jerked his head up.

"Really?"

Miro looked back at Arius.

"Do you know too?"

"It's the same principle as how I found Miro's trauma in Dreamo. Human minds flow into Dreamo through dreams. Then what happens to the minds of the dead?"

Miro blinked.

"The minds of the dead can no longer engage in productive activities, so they are fragmented and combined with other information. In the process, the remnants of information that cannot be combined are deposited in the lowest layer. Mental magicians call this information 'minority conception'."

Fermi took over the conversation.

"Minority conception is unnecessary information for composing the world. Either too common to need to combine with other information, or too unique to be isolated, or too bizarre to be rejected, they all belong here. The world created by these information deposited in the lowest layer is called 'The Abyss'."

Arius continued.

"That's why it's serious. Information does not have meaning independently, but combines with countless information. For example, if only 'apple' exists, you don't know what it is. 'Red', 'fruit', 'tree', 'sunlight', etc., countless information refer to each other and finally you can know what 'apple' is. On the other hand, minority conception is rejected from such combinations. Most of the information that makes up this world rejects it. 'Murder', 'torture' and such are still accepted by the world, but the information below them is exclusive to a few."

"So the combination of such information is The Abyss."

"Yes. Of course, any information in this world can eventually become a minority conception. As time goes by, information entropy decreases, and new information replaces it. Therefore, The Abyss is like a grave where the information of this world reaches its end."

Information is all the material that makes up this world.

Miro could clearly understand what it meant to be the final destination of information.

"Is it the last future that this world can reach?"

Arius nodded.

"Apocalypse. Simply put, it's a virtual world that implements the end of the world."

Fermi added.

"The Abyss changes as the present changes. But it's still a world of doom. Because it's a combination of abandoned information."

"And there... Shiroe's information could be sinking?"

Fermi returned to the point.

"It's possible. The reason why The Abyss is called hell is because the information of the dead also becomes a minority conception and accumulates there. However, in cases like Shiroe who are in a moratorium state, it is impossible to know how much of it has been captured by minority conception. It could be fine, but it could also be severely damaged."

"If we restore that information and make a contract, will it have the same effect as if Shiroe really made a contract?"

"If it's properly restored, it's possible. It's no different from Shiroe's information in reality anyway."

Arius was skeptical.

"But how do we get there? We don't fall into The Abyss even if we go into Dreamo as productive information. If we want to go, we have to die or destroy our minds through severe shock. But then we won't be able to carry out the operation."

Fermi smiled meaningfully.

"We can go, in good condition."

Miro and Arius looked at him at the same time.

"You can go? How?"

"Information that enters Dreamo combines with other information. The pattern of combination of extreme numbers is infinite. But even if it's strange by human standards, information perfectly intertwines and forms a huge world. And only those who are rejected from there bounce out of Dreamo and pile up in The Abyss. Therefore..."

Fermi's conclusion was simple.
[Translated block]


```text
“We just have to bounce out. It means going out of Dreamo. People who play on this floor call that area <Under Coder>.”

It was the first word Miro heard.

“Those who deal with minority conception are very closed. Reality is not very important to them. They make their own world and play in the Under Coder, so they may be unfamiliar with Gomorrah. You might be surprised if you go see it. There are quite a lot of interesting worlds.”

“In other words, they are perverts. Well, I won't bother asking about your taste. Then how do you get into <Under Coder>?”

“I can't tell you yet. It's no use going to The Abyss right now. To restore Siron's incarnation, you need those who have shared a close communion with her. But we are... not, right?”

“Hmm, then how about asking your magic school friends?”

Permy extended his hand.

“That won't work. School is my bread and butter. Find someone who has shared a close communion with Siron outside of magic school. Also, they must have some ability to perform missions. These two are the conditions I propose.”

“When are you going to set the conditions? Don't you want to make money?”

Permy didn't budge this time and shook his head.

Even with a 190 billion gold deal in front of him, he couldn't give up his school, which meant that Permy's ultimate goal was not simply money.

But it was useless to ask now, as it was more important to wake up Siron.

‘Anyway, I have no choice but to get Permy's help to bypass the moratorium.’

Then the maid shouted outside the door.

“Sir, dinner is ready.”

Permy dusted off his seat and got up.

“Let's eat first. You can stay here today and leave tomorrow morning. In the meantime, I'll finish preparing to go to <Under Coder>.”

“The deal is done.”

As he went downstairs, he smelled meat pie.

It was a dish baked in the oven with tomato sauce on the donut, bacon and vegetables on top, and cheese sprinkled on top.

Miro opened his mouth wide and bit into a large piece of pie with cheese stretched out and made an ecstatic expression.

“Ah, it's so delicious. I've been wanting to eat this for so long.”

“You'd think he hadn't eaten for days.”

At Enrique's words, Miro held up two fingers.

“Twenty years.”

While trapped in the dimensional wall, he was completely out of physiological phenomena, but as he returned to the world, all metabolism returned to its place.

The unknown secret that Geppin gave him.

This was also the reason why Siron was able to borrow 127 years of results.

‘Creating a forged contract. Finding out what Siron's collateral is.’

To solve these two things, he had to bring someone who had a deep communion with Siron.

‘I have to go to Kashan. Anyway, I have to get a sign.’

Enrique asked bluntly.

“So, when are you going to leave this house?”

Miro didn't answer as he was lost in thought, so Permy spoke instead.

“I'll be back and forth for a while. I have something to consult with you. Right, Aunt?”

“Huh? Oh, yeah. It seems like you're just messing around without graduating, so I'm going to teach you a little.”

“I'm looking forward to it. Learning from the world's best magician.”

Enrique looked at them suspiciously.

Even if he lied to his family, it meant that some kind of deal had already gone back and forth.

And the fact that the deal partner was Miro meant that he was involved in something beyond common sense.

‘You tortured me so much, and now you're dragging your kids in?’

Enrique sighed and resigned himself.

He had experienced many unbelievable things while being involved with Miro, but on the other hand, he had never felt such fun in his life.

‘Yeah, let it go. You won't drag me into hell or anything.’

It was a fairly friendly dinner table.
```
[Translated block]