


Grogi (4)

Iruki must be a successful wizard.

"I'll be there in an hour."

He was the one who rose to the position of general in the Valkyrie's intelligence department, where the best brains gathered.

A person who thinks like an ex machina.

The organ of gray matter inside Iruki's skull had the most outstanding function in the world.

The number of troops he moved exceeded one million elites, and neither the great magicians nor the great swordsmen were exceptions.

"I need to get some sleep. Wake me up in 30 minutes."

The house carriage guarded by 200 certified second-class knights provided the best comfort through the culmination of technology.

'Is this really the right thing to do?'

It was a matter of seconds, so he made a quick decision, but there was still a doubt.

'The number of demons has been objectified now that the psychic realm is closed. It's time to need a weapon of mass destruction, but...

The weapon designed by Iruki was a nuclear bomb that he had first conceived at Alpheus Magic School.

The power of magic was bound to transcend, and it could lead to the extinction of humanity if it went wrong.

'Someday it would have been made. If we don't get rid of the demons, humanity will perish anyway.'

As he consciously let go of the tension, he felt so tired that his nose tingled.

As Iruki's breathing stabilized, Aromi, the leader of the performance team, carefully flipped through the documents.

She had an intellectual appearance with horn-rimmed glasses, and she was actually a woman who led Zive's think tank.

"The place we're going to is the southwest of Thorumia Kingdom, the dwarf ruins in Arca Mountains. The state-recognized ruins excavation team is already doing mining work. There may be resistance, so please attach all the documents."

The leader of the legal department said.

"Anyway, they can't sue us. We already have Thorumia Kingdom's approval."

"But still...

The fact that the excavation team was Iruki's classmate weighed on him.

"Cough! Cough!"

Iruki coughed and Aromi spread a blanket over him.

"It's gotten worse lately."

Iruki suddenly opened his eyes and sat up with his hand over his mouth.

"Crack! Crack!"

A handful of blood seeped through his fingers after his rough breathing.

"General!"

Aromi shouted as she supported him.

"Call a medic! Hurry!"

"It's okay. I want to go quietly."

"No. When the general's condition is critical, I make all decisions on emergency rescue. This includes the authority to decide on a full cancellation of the mission."

Iruki smiled bitterly with his bloody mouth.

"But you won't do that. Right?"

Aromi, who had maintained a cold expression, softened her face and pleaded.

"Please get tested. You are a person that humanity cannot afford to lose."

Only Ex Machina's thinking power could compete with Habits outside of probability.

However, overdrive was still faithfully eating away at Iruki's life.

"I'll go in."

The medic who had been waiting in the auxiliary carriage climbed into the house carriage and examined Iruki.

He measured his blood pressure and checked his eye movement while Iruki lay limp.

If he stopped abusing his brain now, he might be able to enjoy his life like others, but....

'Don't worry, father. I know what you're going to say.'

As if an extreme of combustion exploded, Iruki intended to burn his life in an instant.

'Please, just hold on until the war is over.'

As Iruki's eyes became clear again, Aromi bowed her head with a heavy heart.

'Thank you.'

It was the only thing she could say to him who faced death.

There are ruins of the dwarf race that flourished 2,000 years ago in Arca Mountains.

The dwarf race's craftsmanship was known to be so precise that it surpassed the existing human race.

It was as artistic as it was archaeologically valuable, so once it succeeded in excavation, it was a foregone conclusion that it would make a fortune.
[Translated block]
"Where?"

Kanis followed Arin's gaze and saw a group of people approaching them from the other side of the cliff.

They were wearing black uniforms and carrying rifles. They had a red emblem on their chests that resembled a dragon.

"Shit, it's the Red Dragon Army. What are they doing here?" Kanis cursed.

"They must have found out about our excavation. Quick, hide the equipment and get ready to fight!" Arin said.

Dorothy heard their warning and shouted to the others.

"Hey, we have company! It's the Red Dragon Army! Get your weapons and magic ready!"

The Red Dragon Army was one of the factions that emerged after the war. They were ruthless and greedy, seeking to control all the resources and relics in the world.

They had clashed with Dorothy's team several times before, but they never expected them to show up here.

"Damn it, how did they find us? Did someone leak our location?" Sabina wondered.

"Who cares? Let's just deal with them. We can't let them take our hard work!" Closer said.

He grabbed his staff and activated his earth magic. He created a wall of rocks to block the entrance of the cave.

Dorothy jumped into her Hickeri 19 and turned on the engine.

She connected her mind with the machine and felt its power surge through her veins.

She aimed her drills at the enemy soldiers and roared.

"Come on, you bastards! I'll show you what this baby can do!"
[Translated block]
Dorothy was shocked by Iluki's words. He couldn't believe that his old friend would be involved in such a project.

"A dangerous weapon? What kind of weapon are you talking about? And why do you need it?"

Iluki looked at him with a serious expression.

"I can't tell you much, but it's something that can change the world. And we need it because there is an enemy that we have to fight."

"An enemy? Who is it? Another kingdom? A demon lord? A dragon?"

Iluki shook his head.

"No, none of those. It's something beyond your imagination. Something that threatens all life on this planet."

Dorothy felt a chill run
[Translated block]
It was a secret that should not have been entered into the enemy camp, and Dorothy's heart became complicated.

'Iruki.'

The main character of the most precious memory of school days.
[Translated block]