


"Ah, this is it, right?"

Amy, who lifted her chin and confidently accepted the gaze, sat next to Shirone and crossed her legs.

"Okay, from now on, I'm also participating in the Scramble Royale. I'll make it so you can't even go to school, regardless of rank."

"That's what I was hoping for."

Hershey responded with a smile, but couldn't hide a bitter expression.

"Amy...."

Amy gritted her teeth and whispered at the sight of Shirone staring blankly.

"Let's see when this is over. Be prepared."

"Yeah, I got it."

Just the fact that Amy had come felt like they had gained a million troops.

Thus, with all 12 participants gathered, Hershey took out the judge.

"First, let's decide on the match."

The rule was activated from the moment it was entered into the judge, so it was important to lead the prior consultation properly.

"I suggest 'Black and White' for the match."

Nade nodded.

"No objection. But isn't it the order to explain first? The one who suggested it."

It was a tactic to know what the opponent knew, but Hershey readily agreed.

"The last time the judge was used was 7 years ago from now. As a result of the Scramble Royale, the research society 'Strange Taste' in the underworld was disbanded. What I know is that you find a card that is summoned at a specific time and place and have a match."

If what Nade knows is no different, it means that the quality of the information is equal.

"Then let's start. Who will activate it?"

Nade extended his hand as if to pass it on.

"Okay, then...."

When Hershey pressed the button on the judge, the side with the pen opened and a piece of paper came out from the bottom.

Hershey, who took out the paper and pen, wrote the characters of black and white and showed them to the Shirone team.

"I confirmed it."

When the paper was inserted into the gap of the judge, it was sucked back into the device with a mechanical sound, and a hemispherical lens popped out.

From there, light was sprayed onto the ceiling, and a small human woman like a fairy floated up while rotating.

"Hello, students of Alpheus Magic School. I am Lulura, who will introduce the rules of the Black and White game."

The history of the Scramble Royale is 30 years, and although it used the technology of heaven, the technical skills of the seniors were admirable.

"The Black and White game uses the territory within the Alpheus Magic School as a battlefield, and does not judge spaces that are not entered into the judge. Unless there is a special agreement, the game period is 7 days, and the match time is from noon to midnight every day."

Lulura raised her palm like holding a tray.

"When the Black and White game starts, a light sphere equal to the number of participants is created, which is called a scramble."

A small light sphere appeared on her palm.

'It's a light-emitting body. It will be easy to find at night.'

Everyone had a similar thought as the explanation continued.

"When you collect the scramble, the light disappears and it changes into a card."

When Lulura grabbed the light sphere, it transformed into a card with henna densely engraved on both sides.

"This is a pure card in its pure state. The important point here is that the maintenance time of the pure state is only 1 second in terms of the photon system."

'Photon system...'

If there is room for the theory of relativity to be incorporated, it is not absolute time.

"The reason why the pure state is important is because you can only choose black and white in this state. Let me show you an example. White."

One side of the card disappeared from the henna and turned into a clean white surface.

"This is a white card. Also, I have given you a grace period for the demonstration, but in reality, you have to make a decision within 1 second, so please be careful."

Iruki asked.

"Do you have to say the keyword with your mouth? When choosing black and white."

Lulura's liveliness disappeared.

"......A question that can be answered has been entered. You do not have to say the keyword with your mouth to choose black and white. However, you must be in a spirit zone."
[Translated block]


It was a method of detecting the mental changes of the cardholder, similar to the principle of a cube.

"I will continue the explanation. If one second passes in the pure state, it is considered to give up the choice of black and white, and it is automatically converted into a random state card."

Lulu's white card turned gray, and the letter R was engraved in black in the center.

"This is a random card. In this state, if you enter the keyword 'open', you can get one of the black and white cards. Let me show you a demonstration. Open."

The letter R disappeared and turned into a card painted in black.

"This is the basics of handling Scramble. In addition, multiple acquisitions are possible in the scramble state, but once you enter the pure state, transfer is impossible."

Shirone's head spun.

'A person can collect multiple scrambles, but it is attributed at that point. Therefore, what you need to worry about is the variables depending on whether it is black or white, or random.'

Amy asked.

"How is it impossible to transfer verified? Depending on the situation, you can also dig into the loopholes in the rule, right?"

"......A question that can be answered has been entered. What I will explain from now on is the 'Master Card'."

A card with a liquid crystal shape and a red line border was held in Lulu's hand.

"At the same time as the opening, a master card is given to all participants. It is a card that can obtain various information such as the coordinates of the scramble, the card status of other participants, and your own card status."

If the cards collected by other participants are recorded, fraud is impossible.

"Please manage it well. If you lose or destroy the master card, you will lose your participation qualifications."

Anchale asked.

"Can you take it away and destroy it?"

Lulu said straight away.

"It is possible. Scramble is summoned once every two hours after the game starts, and you just need to collect it and make a high hand to compete."

Shirone went into calculation.

'Summon once every two hours. There are 12 participants, so the total number of scrambles summoned in a day is seventy-two.'

In theory, one person could collect all 72 scrambles.

Of course, it was only possible when the other 11 were scarecrows.

"Then, after introducing the rough rules, I will now tell you the priority of the hands you need to collect. In the black and white game, the maximum number of cards that can be collected is a total of six per person. If you collect a scramble in a state where you already have six cards, it will be automatically destroyed."

Iruki nodded.

'It's not meaningless because you can't get a card, but you can prevent the other side from collecting it.'

Lulu continued the explanation.

"Depending on the combination of black and white, there are strong hands and weak hands. You have to think carefully and collect because there is no meaning outside the fixed combination. Then, I will show you the meaningful hand combination from the first stage."

A black and white card floated on her left and right.

"There are two meaningful hands in the first stage. Black and white."

When Lulu pointed to the air with her right hand, a schematic made of symbols floated up.

●(Evil)<○(Good).

"This is the first stage priority, and black is called evil and white is called good."

'Good is preferred? Is the rank divided from the first stage?'

It was unexpected that the hierarchy was determined from the start.

"Let's move on to the second stage. There are three possible combinations, but there are two meaningful combinations.

○○(Saint)<●●(Heresy).

Everyone's eyes changed.

'It's reversed.'

In the first stage, the white hand was superior, but the second stage was the black hand.

Since the ○● combination is a meaningless hand, it was not a skill to grab white in the first stage.

'Realistically, if 12 scrambles appear at the beginning, it is assumed that 12 people get one each. Even if you take the lead with a white hand, you will be pushed by a black hand after two hours.'

"Here is the third stage combination."

●●●(Faction)<○○○(Religion)<●○●(Republic)<○●○(Tripartite).

'One person can get 72 scrambles, but that's only possible when the other 11 are scarecrows.'

"Then, after introducing the rough rules, I will now tell you the priority of the hands you need to collect. In the black and white game, the maximum number of cards that can be collected is a total of six per person. If you collect a scramble in a state where you already have six cards, it will be automatically destroyed."

Iruki nodded.

'It's not meaningless because you can't get a card, but you can prevent the other side from collecting it.'

Lulu continued the explanation.

"Depending on the combination of black and white, there are strong hands and weak hands. You have to think carefully and collect because there is no meaning outside the fixed combination. Then, I will show you the meaningful hand combination from the first stage."

A black and white card floated on her left and right.

"There are two meaningful hands in the first stage. Black and white."

When Lulu pointed to the air with her right hand, a schematic made of symbols floated up.

●(Evil)<○(Good).

"This is the first stage priority, and black is called evil and white is called good."

'Good is preferred? Is the rank divided from the first stage?'

It was unexpected that the hierarchy was determined from the start.

"Let's move on to the second stage. There are three possible combinations, but there are two meaningful combinations.

○○(Saint)<●●(Heresy).

Everyone's eyes changed.

'It's reversed.'

In the first stage, the white hand was superior, but the second stage was the black hand.

Since the ○● combination is a meaningless hand, it was not a skill to grab white in the first stage.

'Realistically, if 12 scrambles appear at the beginning, it is assumed that 12 people get one each. Even if you take the lead with a white hand, you will be pushed by a black hand after two hours.'

"Here is the third stage combination."

●●●(Faction)<○○○(Religion)<●○●(Republic)<○●○(Tripartite).
[Translated block]


"There are four meaningful combinations, and the strongest at the third stage is the Three-Party Association.

'As expected, it's a reversal.'

The Three-Party Association was a hand that could only be combined when two white cards, i.e., saints, were caught at the second stage.

'It's the fourth stage.'

○○○○(Pope)<●●●●(Mine)<○○○●(Monarchy)<●●●○(Dictator)<○●○●(Democracy).

'Hmm, the strongest at the fourth stage is a half-and-half ratio of black and white.'

From now on, there were many variables, so it was impossible to analyze the advantages and disadvantages immediately.

'It's the fifth stage.'

●○●○●(Revolution)<○○●○○(Emperor)<●●○●●(Faith)<●●●●●(Devil)<○○○○○(Holy Mother)

Shirone realized a big change.

'The combination of black and white is weak, and the single pattern has risen to the strongest. But to make the Devil or the Holy Mother, you have to take a considerable loss from the first stage.'

The character of the person who made the game of black and white was guessed.

'It's the last sixth stage.'

○●○●○●(Chaos)<○●○○●○(Amplification)<●○●●○●(Extinction)<●●●●●●(Void)<○○○○○○(Infinity).

This time, too, the single pattern is the strongest, but it seemed like a success just to make a meaningful combination up to the sixth stage in a state with a random card.

'The above twenty-two types of hands are meaningful combinations, and the rest of the hands have no meaning. A meaningless hand, this is called 'Manpae.'

'Even if you hold Manpae, you might be able to make a meaningful combination depending on the acquisition of the next scramble.'

Lulu wiped the diagram and said.

'Do you all remember for sure? Then I'll erase it.'

There was no one to answer because they were immersed in their thoughts.

'Once you collect the scramble, one of the symbols of white (○), black (●), random (ⓡ) is marked on each master card. The random card is naturally uncheckable, and even if the holder opens it, it is still marked as random on other participants' master cards.'

'It becomes a hidden card.'

'Yes. If you want to check the opponent's hidden card, you can hang a Kang.'

'Kang?'

'It means to fight. I will summon Lili for a demonstration.'

When a woman who looked exactly like a twin was born, Lulu showed her master card.

'My hand recorded on my master card is white 2, black 1, which is the Three-Party Association. And when I check Lili's combination...'

The symbol ●●ⓡ was floating on Lili's status.

'It's black 2, random 1, so you can't see the combination. It could actually be in a random state, or Lili might have already opened it. Then let's try Kang. Lili, Kang.'

Lili's master card glowed red.

'If the opponent hangs a Kang, the acceptor must choose Kang or Pao within one second in terms of photon system. Kang means to fight, and Pao means to refuse. If you fail to decide Kang and Pao within 1 second, all the cards you have will be destroyed. This is called 'Gapae.'

Iruki asked.

'If a Kang comes in when the opponent hasn't opened the random card, does the random card automatically open? Or is it not included in the combination?'

Lulu's vitality disappeared again.

'I can't answer that question.'

'Hmm, it seems like you have to find out whether it's applicable or not when you go into actual combat.'

'First, in case Lili accepts Kang. Lili.'

When Lili shouted Kang, the random mark disappeared and the combination of ●○●(Republic) came out.

'I am the Three-Party Association, Lili is the Republic. So I win. At that point, all of Lili's cards are Gapae.'

Lili's status was erased from Lulu's master card.

'If you lose, all the cards are destroyed. You have to be careful about accepting Kang.'

'The range where you can hang Kang is the same as the area of the Spirit Zone. Also...'

Lulu continued with a meaningful smile.

'In a Kang duel, the loser cannot harm the winner until the next scramble summon.'"
[Translated block]


"What?"

The atmosphere of the 12 people who were listening to the rules wavered for the first time.
[Translated block]