


[337] Wave of Law (2)

The Ice Queen slowly raised her hand and said.

"Feeble humans, kneel before me."

The tourists clapped and enjoyed as the Ice Queen's voice was serious.

"Nice voice! It's realistic, right?"

"Hey, Queen! Look this way too. Don't do that and take this opportunity to shake hands with the Ice Queen... Cough!"

The man suddenly grabbed his throat and knelt down.

The same situation occurred to the people simultaneously.

Their faces were red as if they were about to burst with blood. They desperately tried to breathe, but their breathing became more and more rough.

The only ones standing normally were Siro's party.

Siro observed the changes in the people. Before they knew it, their necks were filled with cone-shaped thorns.

Lilia frowned and muttered.

"Is that a law wheel...?"

The law wheel is a demon-slaying tool of the Order of Law, which contains the logic of law in its shape, and its power is maximized as it approaches a perfect circle.

The law wheels that could be obtained by the public were just imitations, and at best they only helped to calm the mind and body.

But the official law wheels possessed by the Order of Law were impossible to manufacture unless they were made by a master who had reached the state of nirvana.

To Lilia's eyes, the law wheels around the people's necks were genuine.

She couldn't distinguish the perfection of the circle with her eyes, but the Order of Law members who had undergone long training could feel the quality of the circle with their mind's eye.

"A law wheel of restraint. It's not from this world. Be careful. If you get swept away by the wave of law, you'll end up like that."

As everyone who was hit by the wave of law lost strength in their legs and knelt down, the law wheel loosened and air finally entered their prayers.

Rough breathing sounds were heard here and there.

"Cough! Cough! What is this? Who put this necklace on me?"

"Hey! Someone please undo this!"

Joker felt a chill running down his spine as he looked at the people who were screaming in fear.

The shape of the law wheel was a manifestation of the Ice Queen's own memory, but the way it choked people's necks was a strategy he had suggested.

The Ice Queen could change the rules of the world.

He wondered if it was possible to this extent, but when he saw everyone kneeling down, he realized for sure.

The legend of the Ice Queen that had flavored the era 800 years ago was a fact without an inch of falsehood.

'It worked! It really worked! I can't believe I have such a day.'

If this continued, ruling the world would not be a dream.

Moreover, she had been asleep for 800 years, so she didn't remember anything from the past.

The magician who had terrified the world had become a child who could be coaxed with a candy.

'I'll have the Ice Queen.'

He planned to gently coax the Ice Queen and make her his woman after he settled things here.

It was strange to date someone over 800 years old, but she seemed to fall for him if he coaxed her well, and above all, she was beautiful.

She was no less attractive than Amy, who had dumped him mercilessly five years ago.

He was lost in such a delusion when the Ice Queen looked at Joker and asked.

"Is this what I should do?"

Joker smiled satisfiedly at the Ice Queen's attitude of asking and relying on him for even trivial things.

But there was no need to upset her yet, so he bowed his head as if he was facing a real queen and answered.

"Yes. Everyone will obey you."

Lilia realized that Joker's influence had worked on most of the elements that made up the Ice Queen's personality.

'Is it as prophesied after all...'

As in most advent myths, this time too, the Ice Queen met one human and dragged the world into a pit of evil.

Siro looked at the scene of hundreds of people kneeling down with a disgusted expression.

"What is this? It doesn't seem like magic."

It was a natural question from someone who didn't know about law.

It's not equivalent exchange.

There was no way to fill hundreds of people with law wheels that choked their necks for not following orders.
[Translated block]


The irregular appearance of the fairy chief of heaven, Lee Kirin, was not so bizarre.

Dante spoke briefly, without time to explain.

"It's a power called the Law. Be careful. That woman has the ability to change the rules of the world."

"Change of rules?"

The first thing that came to Shirone's mind was the Akashic Records.

But unless it was the Infinite Magician, no being could distort the rules so massively.

Then there was only one possibility.

It was the Akashic Records from the beginning.

"Is it some kind of... conceptual entity?"

Lilia turned her head with wide eyes.

It was impossible for anyone who was not a practitioner of the spiritual lineage to identify the essence of a spiritual body that had dedicated itself to a human body.

'This child, she knows the Law...'

Most people live without knowing that the world is moving according to the rules of the whole.

It was surprising that Shirone knew the mechanism of the Law, which was only passed on to a few in Shin-dan.

"That's right. It was a spiritual body that couldn't be compared in the first place. It's a phenomenon called Demigod. It's impossible for you who don't know the Law to defend yourself. Don't get away from me."

Amy raised her fist and shouted at Jokre.

"You! What are you up to?"

"Hahaha! Up to? Do you still think this is a joke? We're going to conquer the world."

"Stop talking nonsense! Do you really want to fight?"

Jokre sneered and told everyone.

"Everyone, worship Her Majesty. If you do not follow her command, her law will kill you."

As the law tightened their throats, people who were sickly pale put their hands on the ground and coughed.

Then they shouted in a strained voice.

"Long live Her Majesty!"

"We will follow Her Majesty!"

As the faces of those who worshiped the Ice Queen returned to a peaceful state, Shirone finally realized the seriousness of the situation.

The Law also applied to Jokre's instructions. Unlike magic that logically specifies targets, the Law is a process of re-adjusting the balance of the whole.

As the sound of praising the Ice Queen pierced the sky, Jokre tasted a pleasure he had never felt in his life.

It was as if they were all worshiping him.

"How about it? This is my power. If you come under me now, I'll spare you from that."

Jokre expected Shirone and his party to tremble. But contrary to his expectations, no one moved and watched the situation.

Dante, who had his hands in his pockets, walked out crookedly.

"Hey, you. What's wrong with your mind? Do you know what you're doing right now?"

"Ha! Do you think I'm crazy? Don't you see what state people are in? You'll end up like that eventually."

"You almost killed hundreds of people."

Jokre's face turned pale.

"You want to rule the world? Do you know what that means? Can you really take responsibility for that?"

"Keeuk...!"

Jokre couldn't answer.

Ruling the world is an ambition that any man would have had at least once. But when he came back to reality, he was just one human who didn't want to go to prison or die.

The Ice Queen can change the rules. So if he fills up his leash, he will obey his orders even if he doesn't want to die.

That was all Jokre had thought of.

But what if they refuse?

They all become corpses with broken necks.

Of course, there is no one in the world who wants to die, but once he imagines it, he feels unbearable fear.

'Can I really conquer the world?'

Maybe he was crazy for a moment, as Dante said.

He was thinking that when he heard Vivian's voice.

"Hmph! What's so great about that? No one will die if they follow our words! Then you will be the first victims!"
[Translated block]


```
Jokre looked at Vivian with a blank expression. Her eyes had changed completely overnight.

"When did you think you were the protagonists of the world? We are the ones who control this situation!"

'Vivian......'

Jokre realized as he looked at Vivian.

She was ready to lose everything to seize the one opportunity that came to her life.

Yes, there was no turning back. If they had come this far, they had to see it through no matter what.

It takes courage to do a huge business.

Jokre regained his composure and walked out with his hand outstretched.

"Kneel down, Amy. And apologize for your mistake. If you don't, I'll kill everyone here."

The people who were shocked by Jokre's words lowered their heads. They already felt the rope tightening around their necks.

"Hey! Kneel down! You'll really die like this!"

"Damn brats! Hurry up and do as I say! Apologize for your mistake!"

The tourists didn't care what Jokre's party had done wrong to Jokre.

If they didn't follow the instructions, they would all die.

Even if they hadn't done anything wrong, it was only natural that they should obey Jokre.

"Apologize! Apologize to them! I have a wife and child! It's nothing, right?"

"Please spare me! I'll do as you say!"

None of Jokre's party moved.

If they gave up the initiative here, they would have to follow Jokre's party's intentions from now on.

Amy glared at Jokre with cold eyes.

"Why me of all people? Why do you want my apology so badly? Because I didn't accept your feelings?"

Amy hit the nail on the head and Jokre's face turned red.

He couldn't find the embarrassed look he had at the skating rink. This was a battlefield, and caring about personal feelings was a luxury.

'It's working. That guy, he really wants my apology because of that? How foolish......'

Provoking Jokre wouldn't necessarily lead to a good countermeasure, but they had to shake him up to create a variable.

As planned, Jokre couldn't hide his confusion. He felt angry that his narrow mind had been exposed.

"Shut up! If you don't follow my words, you'll all die! Do you really not care if everyone here dies?"

Dante spoke.

"If people die, it's because you killed them. We didn't do anything. You can either become a murderer and run away for the rest of your life."

Dante was serious.

For a magician, distinguishing between good and evil is not a very important issue. If there is no solution, it is better to sacrifice people than to face the worst situation.

"Amy, you don't have to listen to that guy. He doesn't have the guts to do it anyway."

Jokre shouted threateningly.

"Hmph! Is that so? Will you really kill me? Huh?"

The frightened people cursed at Amy.

"You damn girl! Do you really want us all to die? Kneel down! Apologize for your mistake!"

"Please spare me! We're all going to die like this!"

Amy bit her lip.

Her judgment was no different from Dante's. Even if she complied with the other's demands, there would only be more demands waiting for her.

But being singled out in this situation meant that hundreds of lives were hanging on her decision.

"Let's stall for time. I'll do as you say."

As Amy approached, Jokre's mouth curled up.

'That's right, what can you do against me?'

Then Siro grabbed Amy's shoulder. When Amy turned around with a surprised expression, sparks flew in Jokre's eyes.

"What are you doing? Do you want to save your lover's pride even if everyone dies?"

Siro didn't bother to deny it.

"Yes. Amy has no reason to follow your words."

Jokre's face twisted.

Is this what they call the coldness of a magician?
```
[Translated block]


No, it's arrogance.

The task of boosting one's lover's pride cannot be more valuable than hundreds of lives.
[Translated block]