


[656] Air of Life (5)

There are only results, no causes.

That's Hexa.

"I see."

Luphyst was lost in thought, resting his chin on his hand.

Whether the inspection of Istas with Shironne resulted in shared information was unknown, but he had already encountered the report on Hexa through the 'Holy War'.

If Shironne is Hexa, she would be the natural enemy of La Enemy, and therefore, contact would have been inevitable.

"And Shagal smelled it."

Brooks couldn't understand.

"What on earth are you talking about? What's the incident, and who's La Enemy?"

Instead of answering, Luphyst stood up from his seat.

"Good. I'm going to meet Venice now. Guide me."

"Wait a minute. Isn't this too much? Even if you're the association president, it's difficult to just take out other people's things."

Radum was the biggest headache in Torumia, and Venice was the leader of the largest force there.

"If you suggest an amount, they'll match it."

Brooks chuckled.

"You underestimate me. I'm a businessman too. I know that any visible money is petty cash."

He had never imagined a price for Venice's value from the beginning.

"It's urgent. If you have something to say, say it quickly."

As expected, Luphyst was the one who understood, but that's why trivial rhetoric didn't work.

"You said earlier that you're going to close Radum."

Brooks asked with a serious face.

"I did."

"I want to manage it."

"Hmm."

"Anyway, once the terrorist organization is eradicated, the kingdom will have to establish a separate management department. If you designate 'Brooks Mercenary Broker' as a private cooperative company, I will provide the mercenaries needed for Ainjong management."

If he could monopolize Radum, a different dimension of business would open up from what he had been doing so far.

Lian remembered that Shironne had bought all the information cards at the Silver Ring branch.

'What you see is petty cash, no matter how much it is.'

The same was true for the sword.

More frightening than the visible sword was the numerous possibilities contained in that sword.

In that sense, La Enemy was a sword facing the world.

"Okay, Brooks Mercenary Broker monopolizes Radum."

"We have a deal."

Brooks drank the poured liquor at once and headed for the door.

"Let's go. I'll guide you."

The place where Venice was confined was a punishment room set up in the basement of the mansion.

In a room of about 1 pyeong, there was not even a torch, and she was sitting on a shabby wooden chair.

'This woman is a three-brain tribe.'

When he heard it in words, Shironne, who was quite nervous because he imagined a monster with three heads, was normal enough to be called a human when he actually confirmed her.

However, her pupils were blue without whites, and a jewel in the shape of a water droplet was embedded in her forehead as a body organ, not a decoration.

"Spectrum's leader, Venice?"

At Luphyst's question, the corners of her mouth rose slightly.

"You're Luphyst."

As far as Luphyst remembered, this was the first time he had faced Venice.

The two spoke at the same time.

"How do you know me?"

Luphyst closed his mouth and Venice continued to speak.

"Yes. It's short-term precognition. It's about analyzing the present based on the past and predicting the future."

That was the reason she was able to integrate numerous terrorist organizations and protect Ainjong from the kingdom.

Lian asked.

"Even so, is it possible to predict the next word?"

"That's because you have a human way of thinking. What I analyze is not an event, but time. Because you can distinguish between the past and the present, you can distinguish between the present and the future."

Luphyst asked.

"When did you know I was coming here?"

"About a minute ago by your standards."

"Then you must know why I came."

"To figure out La Enemy's intentions."
[Translated block]
 This is a continuation of the translated text from Korean to English provided by the user.)
[Translated block]
Suddenly, Lufist, who realized something, looked back at Brooks.

"Where is Shagal now?"

At the same time as the question, a scream of security was heard from the first floor of the mansion.

When the screams that were pouring in like a localized shower stopped in an instant, Brooks, who realized that it was a solid trap, ran up the stairs and Lufist followed.

"Shirone, stop La Enemy."

Venetia spoke to Shirone, who was about to turn around.

"He is a tragedy of mankind. There are very few people who can criticize the events of La with a human brain."

It was a difficult task unless it was a decent car.

"But you are the one who got out of the yoke of cause and effect. Find a way. If you can't do it, the world will head for destruction."

Shirone, who nodded briefly, went up to the first floor with Lian.

The incident was already over, and numerous corpses were lying on the floor.

Brooks spat saliva while rolling on the ground with his feet.

"Darn. It didn't even take 3 seconds to kill 23 people."

If the screams were all of the will, it was not an exaggeration, and above all, they were stronger than the thieves.

'Is this Shagal's real skill.'

Lian examined the corpses to confirm what was called the murderer's fingerprint.

They were all stabbed, and blood was spraying from the holes at higher pressure than normal.

"The bleeding condition is strange?"

"It's a trademark of a machine gun."

Lufist leaned against the wall and approached the fallen corpse.

When he slowly reached out to the place where the blood was spurting, a translucent blade finally appeared.

"Is that his weapon?"

"It's my first time seeing it too. The weapon Shagal uses is a single-edged sword with dozens of thin shells stacked like you see now. It's a structure where the shell falls off every time you stab. If it's like this, even if the muscles contract at the moment the single-edged sword is stuck, it's easy to put in a combo because only the inside comes out leaving the shell. But the horror of this thin blade is separate."

Lufist held out the sharp end of the shell.

"There is a hole at the end of the blade. Therefore, as soon as it sticks, a tremendous amount of bleeding occurs due to the pressure difference. Anywhere you stab is fatal. Of course, you can catch some bleeding through the ability of the schema, but……."

Lufist threw the shell and pointed at the corpse.

"There's no countermeasure if you poke it like this."

Lian looked at the corpse bleeding from dozens of holes.

Especially around the heart, three shells were stuck in a triangular shape.

'Machine gun Shagal.'

The next time we meet, we will have to forget about the battle in the underground sewer.

Shirone asked.

"Why did he leave? Is this also La's design?"

"Probably. Shagal is a headache. If he was a typical psychopath, it would have been easy to catch, but he is an acquired murderer. It's not just that the adjective of the world's top 100 dangerous people is attached by following the methodology of evil. You have to have a thorough philosophy."

"So Shagal is not evil?"

"Of course not."

Lufist obediently nodded his head.

"He is the evil of evil."

"……."

"Anyway, it's decided with this. Radum is closed."

Brooks said.

"But... the minions have been annihilated, so it's impossible to recruit mercenaries right away."

It was not something that could be used by the Magic Association staff.

"Unofficial anyway. That would be the way to handle Radum."

Lufist, who made a decision, looked back at Shirone.

"Shirone, let's trade with the association. If you help me with this, I think I owe you one."

If you look at the skills, it was a better judgment than the association staff.

"Okay. What can I help you with?"

The interests coincided anyway because I was going to investigate Radum.

"Organize a mercenary group of about 20 people and incorporate it into Brooks. The association takes care of everything needed for that."

As Lufist headed for the front door, Shirone quickly asked back.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]