


[355] Magic Association (1)

Shirone, who left Reyna's mansion, caught a carriage to the Magic Association.

The schedule was moved up earlier than expected because Lian withdrew and left for knight training. He could have stayed at Reyna's mansion for another day, but he chose to go to the association.

The spark that Lian left behind ignited a fire in everyone's hearts. Tess said he would go straight into training and went home, and Shirone also wanted to soak up the energy of the Magic Association, the total of magic.

Shirone arrived at the association building and looked for Flue at the information desk. When the guide told him on the intercom, Flue came down after 5 minutes.

She frowned as soon as she saw Shirone. Fortunately, there was no one to watch because Kangnan was out of town.

"Why did you come back so soon? You were so busy by yourself."

"The work ended early. Can I stay here?"

Flue's eyes toward Shirone couldn't bend. Even though he didn't look flustered and asked him to sleep.

This was the Magic Association, which had a grand name, not a lodging business that sleeps children who have nowhere to go.

But she had received instructions from Kangnan, so she couldn't refuse harshly. Since there were many eyes to see, Flue took Shirone to the 3rd floor, which was her dedicated area.

"I'm taking care of you because the secretary general specially requested it, but you have to follow my words well in the future. If you disobey my orders or wander around, I'll kick you out then. Got it?"

"Ah, yes."

Shirone was bewildered by Flue's prickly attitude from the start. He didn't make any mistakes with her, but he wasn't a fine eye from the first time he met her.

"Here, you can stay here."

Flue gave him a place to sleep when he worked overtime. In a small square room, there were bunk beds on both walls.

Shirone unpacked his luggage carefully. But before he could untie his dress and relax, Flue called him out.

"Follow me. I'll give you a tour."

Flue walked down the hallway with her magic wand behind her back and her knees straightened. Her chin was raised about 15 degrees into the air.

"First of all, let me introduce myself. I'm Rabid Flue. Twenty-two years old. Graduated from Royal Magic School as valedictorian and currently an official 8th grade magician. Of course, I'll be 6th grade in two years. The current position is the manager of the 3rd floor of the security department of the Magic Association."

"Ah, I see. I am..."

As Shirone tried to introduce himself, she stopped walking and turned coldly.

"I know. Arian Shirone. Attending Alpheus Magic School. You can use Ataraxia, the ability of an archangel, and your major is light magic. The unique battery of Unrocker is mass assignment."

Shirone's eyes were wide open. The person who didn't even know his face on the first day knew everything about him in a day. The most questionable thing was that her attitude toward him was too prickly.

"Do you have a student named Dante at your school? He transferred recently."

"Yes. Do you know Dante?"

"Why do I have to know Dante?"

"Ah, I just thought Dante also went to Royal Magic School..."

Shirone shrank under Flue's fierce eyes. He couldn't tell what would make her happy.

Flue patrolled the 3rd floor and introduced the department from time to time. Even sweaty guards who had white hair bowed their heads as soon as they saw her. Every time that happened, she nodded her head briefly with a confident posture.

Flue was trying to show him one side of a successful magician. In fact, it was not a tour but a process of training Shirone by revealing his position.

Then a man in dirty clothes soaked in sweat came down the hallway with documents in his hand. A momentary tension appeared on Flue's face, who had been confident.
[Translated block]


```
"Hello, Sakiri. Good morning."

Shirone stared intently at the man's face who was called Sakiri.

'That's Sakiri.'

After the arcane incident ended, Alpheus and Canis' party were summoned to the association, and the name of the investigator who was in charge of them was Sakiri.

He looked like an old man because of fatigue, but his eyes were sharper than anyone Shirone had ever met.

"Okay. But who is that next to you? I've never seen that face before."

"Oh, he's on a field trip. As part of a special activity."

Plu lied.

The Magic Association is the core institution of the kingdom's magic society, so many students apply for field trips. Perhaps because of that, Sakiri just nodded and walked away.

Plu breathed a sigh of relief and glanced at Shirone. The atmosphere that had been stiff until now was reversed, and an awkward current flowed.

"That guy just now was a certified 5th class magician, Mr. Sakiri. He's very famous in the inspection department. He can't even pick up any bones if he catches any criminal."

"Oh, yes. I've heard of him."

"Yeah? Hmm."

Plu smiled with satisfaction for the first time. The fact that he was working with someone who even a magic school student knew was revealed, so his feelings that had been hurt a little while ago were somewhat recovered.

'I have a rough idea of how to deal with him now.'

He thought so, and Shirone was regaining his appetite when a man came down from the platform behind the corridor.

The man who came over to Plu saw Shirone and lit up his eyes with interest.

"Plu, is that kid Shirone?"

Plu showed his complexion and greeted him.

"Oh, Mr. Gando. Hello."

The man's name was Klein Gando. He was one of Plu's Gauld Guards.

He was as proficient in electric magic as his nickname, Thunder Gando, and his position was the captain of the Magic Association Security Force and his rank was certified 4th class.

He had a tall stature, leather pants that clung tightly to his body, and boots with studs on them. He pushed back his purple hair and let down only one strand. He looked like he would have been quite popular when he was young, but on the other hand, his impression looked as kind as an angel.

Plu led Shirone and greeted Gando.

"The secretary-general asked me to take care of him. Hey, hurry up and say hello."

Gando reached out first.

"I see. Nice to meet you. I'm Gando."

"Huh? Yes, hello."

Shirone, who was about to bow his head, hastily shook hands when he saw his hand coming in.

It became a ridiculous posture where greetings and handshakes were done at the same time, and Gando smiled and said.

"That's right, you're much younger than I thought. I thought you'd have a scary impression."

'Is my image like that?'

Shirone, who had hardly left Torumia, did not know this fact. However, recalling the contents published in academic journals, he thought that he could easily be misunderstood like that.

"Are you on regular patrol?"

"Yeah. I'm going around from the top floor. How about the 3rd floor? Nothing special?"

"Yes. As always, hohoho!"

Plu covered his mouth and laughed with pride as the manager of the 3rd floor.

"That's good. Mr. Kangnan seems to have received a call from the president. He'll probably be back with you tomorrow. Just know that and stay comfortable."

"Thank you."

Shirone wanted to squeak 'This sister is bothering me.' at Gando's kind impression and consideration, but he knew it would be a loss anyway, so he pressed it down in his heart.

As Gando headed back to the elevator, Plu waved goodbye with a smile on his face and changed his expression. And he became a nag again and started pouring out words to Shirone.

"He's in charge of the security of the Magic Association. In other words, he's my direct boss. Thunder Gando, you've heard of him too?"

He thought that if he knew Sakiri, he would naturally know Thunder Gando too.

"Ah, yes. I've heard of him."

In fact, it was the first time Shirone heard his name. He wouldn't have known Sakiri's name either if it hadn't been for a major incident at Alpheus Magic School. But in this case, it's better to say that you
[Translated block]


Plu was satisfied with Shirone's humble attitude.

She thought that the tempering was over and slowly brought out the story she had kept in her mind.

"Do you know why the association president wants to see you? It's related to heaven, right?"

"......"

Shirone clenched his mouth with a serious expression. He had to keep security even if he was a person who Kangnan trusted and entrusted.

As his eyes became sharp, Plu couldn't deal with him casually this time. He felt bad as he felt that he was not easy-going and doubted that his appearance so far was not a pretense.

"Anyway, it's my role to assist the association president. I'm definitely going to heaven. So I hope you don't get cocky just because you got invited once."

He never got cocky, let alone thought about it. But with his words now, he could roughly guess where Plu's check came from.

"You must respect the association president."

Plu's expression flickered like a fish caught from the sea.

"Of course! Sakiri and Gando, whom we met earlier, are great people, but honestly, they are not comparable to the name of Mikea Gaold."

"I guess so. He's a first-class grand mage."

"Hohoho!"

As Plu laughed mockingly, a surge of emotion rose.

"You really don't know anything. Listen up. There are four first-class grand mages in the Kingdom of Tormia. But the position of the Magic Association President is not something that can be done simply by being strong. It's a place where you have to deal with high-ranking people, so you need political skills and good connections. Then why do you think Gaold was elected as the association president?"

Shirone thought about it. But he couldn't come up with an answer because he couldn't grasp what level a first-class grand mage was.

"Um, is he a competent person in many ways?"

Plu shook his head.

"No, rather the opposite. It's not just strong, but too strong."

"Too... strong?"

"Yeah. He has an overwhelming strength that differentiates him from other first-class grand mages, so he can keep his position as the association president even though he has the stigma of being a madman. Power first! He is an idol and ideal for me, a combat mage. So how can I not respect him?"

Listening to Plu's words, he was much more amazing than he had vaguely thought. The more so, the more curious he was why such a person was looking for him.

Plu turned around without hesitation and said.

"Anyway, I have to go back to work, so stay in your room until dinner. The tour is over, so don't wander around without my permission."

"Ah! There..."

Shirone called out urgently and Plu twisted his waist and looked back.

"Can I just ride the elevator once before I go in?"

Plu looked at Shirone with a smile in his eyes. But soon he returned to his cold face and muttered with his lips clenched.

"No."

Shirone stared blankly at her as she moved away.

"What did I do wrong?"

* * *

He spent a day as free as prison life and the next morning dawned. Shirone slept late on purpose. Anyway, he couldn't go out until Plu went to work.

He closed his eyes again when he heard a busy noise outside. In his drowsy mind, Plu kicked in the door and shouted loudly.

"Hey, rookie! Are you still sleeping?"

Shirone opened his eyes and got up.

"Oh, hello..."

"This is completely gone! Do you think this is your bedroom? Get up quickly!"

Shirone was also getting annoyed.

"Excuse me, do I have anything to do when I get up?"

"Of course there is. Did you think you were going to eat and sleep for free? Today you follow me around and assist me. I'll give you 10 minutes, so hurry up and wash up!"

Shirone felt like he had been bombed while sleeping. His upper body slowly tilted and fell back onto the bed.
[Translated block]
But in the end, he couldn't stand it for 10 seconds and curled up and got out of bed.

"Ah, that's too much."
[Translated block]