


[741] Great Purification (1)

The Star Award Ceremony.

Unlike the residents who stay in the Ivory Tower for their entire lives, those who go out into the world and propagate teachings are called stars.

Their authority is not something they received from someone else, but something they realized themselves, and therefore, they do not need grand procedures.

However, being recognized for the value of intelligence by the incarnation of a star must have been a strange feeling for anyone born on this land.

"Shirone, I award you the highest five stars. Please protect this land as the Five Great Stars."

The voice of the Taesung softly echoed, and the star badge appeared before my eyes.

"This is...."

This is the high pass of this planet that only those who have received the title of a star can possess.

"Take it. It's a heavy burden I entrust to you as the owner of this land."

'The owner of this land....'

There are many kings and nobles with territories in the world, but they were not the true owners.

"This badge represents me. All those who dwell on this land are my children, so they will gladly help you."

What the rulers fear is the power of the Ivory Tower, but at least the meaning was pleasing.

"Yes. Thank you."

The star badge engraved with five stars was a material that felt like a mix of iron and wood, a sensation that Shirone had never touched in his life.

"It's made of star fragments. Just by possessing it on your body, you should be able to see considerable effects."

"Star fragments...."

If you know the principle, you should be able to summon it as a material.

"What effects does it have?"

"I heard it promotes blood circulation and is also good for vitality."

Shirone hung the star badge around his neck.

"Is it over now?"

"Usually, yes. But since you, Shirone, are the Five Great Stars leading the stars, there are things you need to know. Of course, there are also special benefits."

'Special benefits.'

I wondered what could be given beyond the power that even the king of a country would tremble at.

"First of all, most stars have satellites around them. If you want, I can help you. What about you, Shirone?"

"Hmm, a satellite...."

The first person that came to mind was Lian, and then a few people brushed past my mind.

"I don't think I need it."

As if she had expected it, Taesung nodded her head.

"I see. In fact, none of the Five Great Stars have a satellite. It's peculiar to see it as a coincidence."

A satellite is a being that orbits a star and assists it, and it must have both complementary and directional properties that orbit Taesung together.

"Stars have firm philosophies. So they don't pick satellites just by their abilities. Especially if it's the Five Great Stars...."

"Yes. What I'm trying to do is not something I can get by compromising with someone."

It is something that must be pushed through to the end, facing numerous oppositions from the top of the intellectual world.

That was the world of the stars of the Ivory Tower.

"So the stars that didn't pick satellites often request things like weapons or means of transportation. In some cases, they ask to find a satellite even if they have to search for an alien."

"Alien...."

I remembered the satellite Tokei of Arte.

"So why don't you ask me for something, Shirone? I can give you anything you want."

Even the source of the object, the spiritual world, was under the control of the 4-star citizen, Ruber, so it was not a bluff.

"I'm not sure. Something necessary...."

There was no need to have something I really wanted now that I could use the material.

"I didn't explain enough. It's not the type that's important. It's important to register it in the Ivory Tower."

Shirone, who had come out of his thoughts, raised his head.

"Register?"

"As you know, a star can register another existence in the Ivory Tower besides itself. It's usually a satellite, but it's the same for objects."

Taesung showed the badge that the satellites carry around.

"Having a star badge means receiving the absolute support of the residents of the Ivory Tower. For example, let's say you registered a dagger that anyone can use as a star's item."
[Translated block]


The pattern on the knife changed abruptly, and a mark revolving around the star was engraved on the handle.

"If the owner loses the knife and someone picks it up and kills a person. And if the murderer is in a situation where he is to be punished by the kingdom...."

The mark engraved on the knife emitted a strong light.

"The residents of the Ivory Tower will do their best to erase that kingdom from the map."

Shirone swallowed his saliva.

"The residents of the Ivory Tower absolutely trust the stars. Even if a person dies from a lost knife, they believe that there is some inevitable reason that the criminals do not know."

That's why not just anyone can become a star.

"There is nothing perfectly wrong, nothing perfectly right. We are always the ones who define it. Sometimes compromise is not everything. There are times when you have to push through."

If they had tried to solve all problems with compromise, humanity would have perished before Nane.

"Registering the title of a star is the minimum problem-solving ability that the Ivory Tower can have. In other words...."

Tae-sung held out the handle of the knife.

"Even if it's wrong, the judgment of the star is always right."

"Ah...."

When Shirone grabbed the handle, the knife turned into a beautiful fragment with a blue light and scattered.

"Choose carefully. It doesn't matter if it's a person, an object, or an animal. You can register one more thing in the Ivory Tower besides Shirone."

"Yes, I'll keep that in mind."

Tae-sung, who thought he had conveyed his meaning properly, slapped his palm with a satisfied smile.

"This is the basic right of a star. And a special gift is given to the Five Great Stars."

"I'll gratefully accept it."

There was no particular greed, but since he had become one of the Five Great Stars, he had to receive what he could receive, right?

"What kind of gift is it?"

Tae-sung asked jokingly, but when he thought about it, it was a difficult question to answer.

"Haha, I wonder? Maybe it's like a souvenir?"

It would be fitting for the Five Great Stars, but Tae-sung pointed to the sky, shaking his head.

"I'll give you a star."

"......Yes. What?"

Shirone doubted his ears.

"What are you giving me?"

"Actually, all I have is stars. Everything else is what the residents of the Ivory Tower have achieved."

Although he said that, he had no idea what it meant to have a star.

"If I have a star...... Does it really become mine?"

"Of course. I manage all the stars in this world, and I'm giving you one of them."

When Tae-sung swung his hands wide, the glass wall of the Earth Star Temple shone brightly and showed the scenery of the universe.

"Wow......"

This time, even Shirone was a little admiring.

"Stars, especially the Five Great Stars, have a lot to think about as leaders of the stars. Sometimes I think you need a space to think alone, away from the human world."

"No, but even on another star......"

"Stars without names are lonely."

Shirone closed his mouth.

"The universe is surprisingly empty. Not all stars serve their purpose. There are countless stars that exist just to fill the probability. If even one person names a star, it's not bad to start with that."

It was a thought that could be made because he was the incarnation of a star.

"I see. I'll gratefully accept it."

Although he said it was a special privilege, Tae-sung clapped his hands as if he was excited and showed the candidates for the stars.

"Good! Then I'll pick a few stars where people can live. Please choose a star you like and name it."

The countless stars that had been spread out on the ceiling of the Earth Star Temple rushed in at the speed of light, and soon a huge planet was shining.

'It's beautiful.'

It was all blue, and there were tens of thousands of islands scattered across the vast sea.

"The average temperature is 28 degrees. It's a planet similar to the tropical climate of this planet. There are many islands, so it's perfect for a resort. There is no one to name it, but various plants and animals are spread evenly on each island, so it's good to take a walk depending on your mood."

"Thank you. I'll keep that in mind."

Tae-sung, who thought he had conveyed his meaning properly, slapped his palm with a satisfied smile.

"That's the basic right of a star. And a special gift is given to the Five Great Stars."

"I'll gratefully accept it."

There was no particular greed, but since he had become one of the Five Great Stars, he had to receive what he could receive, right?

"What kind of gift is it?"

Tae-sung asked jokingly, but when he thought about it, it was a difficult question to answer.

"Haha, I wonder? Maybe it's like a souvenir?"

It would be fitting for the Five Great Stars, but Tae-sung pointed to the sky, shaking his head.

"I'll give you a star."

"......Yes. What?"

Shirone doubted his ears.

"What are you giving me?"

"Actually, all I have is stars. Everything else is what the residents of the Ivory Tower have achieved."

Although he said that, he had no idea what it meant to have a star.

"If I have a star...... Does it really become mine?"

"Of course. I manage all the stars in this world, and I'm giving you one of them."

When Tae-sung swung his hands wide, the glass wall of the Earth Star Temple shone brightly and showed the scenery of the universe.

"Wow......"

This time, even Shirone was a little admiring.

"Stars, especially the Five Great Stars, have a lot to think about as leaders of the stars. Sometimes I think you need a space to think alone, away from the human world."

"No, but even on another star......"

"Stars without names are lonely."

Shirone closed his mouth.

"The universe is surprisingly empty. Not all stars serve their purpose. There are countless stars that exist just to fill the probability. If even one person names a star, it's not bad to start with that."

It was a thought that could be made because he was the incarnation of a star.

"I see. I'll gratefully accept it."

Although he said it was a special privilege, Tae-sung clapped his hands as if he was excited and showed the candidates for the stars.

"Good! Then I'll pick a few stars where people can live. Please choose a star you like and name it."

The countless stars that had been spread out on the ceiling of the Earth Star Temple rushed in at the speed of light, and soon a huge planet was shining.

'It's beautiful.'

It was all blue, and there were tens of thousands of islands scattered across the vast sea.

"The average temperature is 28 degrees. It's a planet similar to the tropical climate of this planet. There are many islands, so it's perfect for a resort. There is no one to name it, but various plants and animals are spread evenly on each island, so it's good to take a walk depending on your mood."
[Translated block]


Taesung proudly introduced a masterpiece that came out of a probability close to the infinity of the universe.

"That's cool."

"I also highly recommend this work. And next is the star of the blue earth."

The planet, where endless grass and trees spread out on a huge continent, was rotating with blue clouds floating around.

"There are many animals living here. There is no shortage of food, so there is no need to eat each other. They're all gentle. If you like animals, I recommend this planet."

As Taesung pulled the planet closer, mermaids were sitting on the rocks of a small lake and singing beautiful songs.

'Amy would like it.'

While Shironne watched with satisfaction, Taesung introduced the last planet.

"This one can definitely be called an artwork created by nature."

It was a planet where countless scenic spots, which are extremely hard to find even on the planet where Shironne lives, were endlessly connected.

"Among the things created by volcanoes, typhoons, tides, and crustal movements, this is definitely the best. It's now entering a stable period, so it's safe to take friends there. Of course... you might sprain your ankle while climbing a mountain."

Mountain peaks were sticking out above the clouds, and a blue sea spread out below the steep cliffs.

A jungle was formed along the huge river, and animals were moving in groups over the endless plains.

"Hmm... I see."

Shironne withdrew the thought that came to mind when he first heard Taesung's words.

'I wanted to have it.'

He really wanted it.

Even if it was made with materials, it was doubtful whether such beauty could be created, not to mention time.

"The expression doesn't suit the star, but there are also abundant resources. There are many materials that are not here. Mass importation can destroy the balance of the stars, so it can't be allowed, but if it's for personal use, it's okay to collect. It would be nice to learn alchemy when you have time."

Taesung, who finished introducing the star, looked back at Shironne.

"If there's nothing you like...."

"I'll go for that star."

When Shironne raised his hand and pointed to the ceiling, Taesung nodded with a smile in his eyes.

"Then, please name it."

"The name of the planet is...."

Shironne's eyes moistened for a moment.

"Hexa."

No longer a lonely name.

"It's a cool name. Then from now on, Planet Hexa is Shironne's. This is guaranteed by me, who governs the stars of the universe, and no one can claim ownership."

Taesung checked the time.

"There's a little more than a day left until the altar opens. You've been fighting fiercely. You can do what you want."

Shironne felt anxious as if he was telling him to sort out his short-lived life.

"No. Rather, I'll go back to Nane. This time, I will definitely make a decision."

Taesung shook his head.

"If Shironne loses, no one can stop Nane. Wait for the time. You need time."

"Are you saying that I should just watch the world heading for destruction here?"

"It won't be destroyed."

Taesung spoke with conviction.

"Shironne, humans are weak beings, but they are not weak. They won't give up the world easily, as they have overcome numerous crises so far."

As Taesung said that and looked down at the ground, Shironne also turned his eyes to the blue planet beyond the glass floor.

'What's happening?'
[Translated block]