
[717] The Key to Liberation (1)

Maze Andre-World No. 283.

Ganet Colony, which followed the 13th Night, was a more prosperous kingdom than any human city.

The paths leading underground were tangled like a maze, and nothing was visible because the sunlight did not come in.

"Is it okay to make light?"

As Shirone cast Shining magic, the 13th Night tilted his head but soon lost interest.

There were not no creatures that made light.

'It's well controlled.'

The room was huge, and most of the ants were not playing hooky and were faithful to their roles.

"This way."

As they passed the spore farm where the worker ants were gathered and went down to the hatchery, the 13th Night noticeably tensed.

"From now on, it's the aristocrats' area. If you don't be careful, you could die."

In ant society, aristocrats were male ants, a class that did not work for life and only waited for mating flight.

'There are so many.'

Numerous aristocratic ants were spending time in their own rooms doing trivial things.

Some ants tormented captured slaves, and some ants gathered a lot of aphids and had a party.

The 13th Night politely emitted pheromones to all of them and advanced through the cave.

Most of the aristocrats didn't care, but suddenly an aristocrat who pierced the ceiling of the cave and wore cool wings like a cloak appeared.

"What is a soldier doing here?"

"Daren."

Only aristocrats could be given names in Ganet Colony, and male ants' names ended with Anne.

"I captured a new species. I'm on my way to take it to Queen Ganet."

The 13th Night couldn't lie.

"You captured a new species?"

Indeed, Shirone's appearance was a kind that had not been confirmed so far in Daren's eyes.

"Hmm, quite an uncomfortable structure."

Daren's evaluation of Shirone's appearance was only from a functional point of view.

"I'll experiment. Leave this species and go."

The 13th Night strongly opposed.

"This is not such a species. I'm sorry... but I'm using the same thing as me."

As Daren's body emitted energy, Shirone felt her blood freeze.

"You survived by luck, do you think you've become a special individual?"

Most of the aristocrats looked down on the 13th Night.

First of all, unlike other soldiers who are distinguished by serial numbers, he had a unique name given by the queen.

He was also the only soldier ant who was born when Ganet Colony first opened and survived until now.

"I'm sorry. But Queen Ganet is very curious about what I use...."

There was no ant in Ganet Colony that could suppress the 13th Night, but there would never be a coup d'etat.

The aristocrats will give birth to many children instead of the 13th Night who cannot breed by marrying princesses.

However, before mating flight, the queen's command is absolute, so Daren swallowed his anger and pointed his antennae at Shirone.

"You have to please the queen. If not, I'll cut your body soon."

Shirone's fleshy body that could breed gave death-like discomfort to male ants.

As Daren turned his body roughly and dug into the cave on the ceiling again, the 13th Night looked at Shirone and said.

"I told you, you could die? If you want to go back, now is your last chance."

In the worst case scenario, they might have to fight with tens of thousands of ant swarms in the deepest part of the ant nest.

"It's okay. I've already prepared to come in."

It would be quite difficult to go back alive, but anyway, Shirone had nowhere to go back to on the ground.

'I have to meet the queen to go back to my original world.'

When she first fell here, she couldn't grasp anything, but as time passed, her thoughts became clearer.
[Translated block]
I'm glad you like it. It's a magic that I learned from a book. It can create light and heat.

Do you want to try it? I can teach you how to use it. It's not hard, you just need to focus your mind and say the words.
[Translated block]
"Hello, Sydney. I'm glad to meet you. You are the first human to visit our colony." The queen ant said in a deep and majestic voice.

"Hello, your majesty. I'm honored to be here. I'm sorry for any trouble I caused with your daughter." Sydney said apologetically.

"It's alright. She told me what happened. It was an honest mistake. You didn't know about our customs." The queen ant said kindly.

"Thank you for your understanding. I'm very curious about your world. How do you manage such a large and complex society?" Sydney asked.

"We have a system of pheromones that allows us to communicate and coordinate with each other. Each ant has a role and a purpose in the colony. We work together for the common good." The queen ant explained.

"That's amazing. How do you decide who does what?" Sydney asked.

"We are born with different abilities and preferences. Some ants are good at digging, some are good at fighting, some are good at caring for the young, and so on. We follow our instincts and our queen's guidance." The queen ant said.

"What about you? How did you become the queen?" Sydney asked.

"I was one of many princesses who competed for the right to mate with a male ant during the nuptial flight. I was the strongest and the fastest, so I won. After mating, I flew to a new location and started this colony." The queen ant said proudly.

"Wow, that's impressive. How many children do you have?" Sydney asked.

"Thousands and thousands. They are all my precious daughters. And soon, I will have more princesses and males to send out for the next nuptial flight." The queen ant said happily.

"That sounds exciting. Can I watch?" Sydney asked eagerly.

"Of course. You are our guest and our friend. You can stay with us as long as you like." The queen ant said warmly.

"Thank you so much. You are very generous and hospitable." Sydney said gratefully.

"You are welcome, Sydney. Now, let me show you around our colony. There is much to see and learn." The queen ant said invitingly.

Sydney followed the queen ant as she led her through the tunnels and chambers of the ant hill. She marveled at the sight of thousands of ants working together in harmony and efficiency. She felt a sense of wonder and admiration for this alien but fascinating world. She hoped to learn more about it and share it with her own kind someday.
[Translated block]


"That ant..."

It was Garnet, the peak of the colony system that controlled hundreds of thousands of ants.
[Translated block]