


[447] Mental Armament (2)

The Sun and Moon Wheel that rose to the center of Babel's system delivered all the information to Sein.

It was as if Sein's consciousness had flowed into the system, and there he found a streak of blue light that penetrated the circuits that were tangled like spider webs of light.

'This is...'

The Ultima System was nothing but a single signal, but Sein could not extract any information from it.

A concept that was different from complexity or obscurity in dimension, highly condensed.

It was an extreme insight that was too huge to be captured by human cognition at once.

'Who made this?'

Sein followed the Ultima System endlessly upward.

A magic circle made up of angelic systems blocked the center as if blocking a crossroads where the blue light passed.

The concept of the magic circle was also difficult for humans to read, but it was rather fortunate for Sein if it was complicated.

With the equalizing of the Sun and Moon Wheel, Sein analyzed the signal of the magic circle and opened his eyes as if shocked.

'Damn! That's what it was.'

According to what he confirmed, even if it was a magic circle of Zemuri angels, it seemed that they could not interfere with this perfect single integrated signal.

The only thing that the magic circle's algorithm changed was one thing, the purpose of the metal angel's performance.

'Someone tampered with the enemy detection setting. It's not a rebel. Rather, this is...'

A weapon to kill angels.

Then there was only one thing Sein had to do. To release the angel's magic circle and restore the settings.

Only then could he send a counter to heaven.

Sun and Moon Wheel!

The wheel, which was so clear that it didn't even seem to be spinning, began to dismantle the angel's magic circle.

"Krrrr!"

Sein was overwhelmed by the amount of information that was much larger than expected.

'Damn it! This is just information that goes into changing one enemy detection setting.'

He could feel how great an intellectual product the blue light that penetrated the system was.

'No. This is too late.'

Even Sein, who had a servant and equalizing, seemed to take at least 200 hours to completely dismantle the magic circle.

'There is no chance at this rate. I have no choice but to destroy it from within.'

The moment he mounted the Sun and Moon Wheel in the center of the angel's magic circle, the wheel stopped spinning.

The aftermath of the sudden stop pushed Sein's head to shatter so powerfully.

"Kuk!"

The core logic of the magic circle overwhelmed Sein's logic.

Then the magic circle emitted a brilliant light and attacked Sein's logic in reverse.

The Sun and Moon Wheel rotated in the opposite direction to the logic of its owner, and blood flowed from Sein's nose due to the shock inflicted.

'How is this possible? How can such a proposition be established?'

The angel's magic circle denied all human thinking that had been developed for thousands of years.

A crack appeared on the Sun and Moon Wheel and an unpleasant gold line was drawn.

Sein's eyes gradually turned over, and blood seeped out between his teeth and teeth.

'Is this the end...'

Sein's consciousness fell to the end of hell.

At that moment, the Ultima System expanded its flash and penetrated into the magic circle.

The reverse rotation of the Sun and Moon Wheel stopped.

Sein, who woke up from near death, shuddered at the phenomenon beyond imagination.

'How can this be.'

A signal composed of only one perfectly compressed universe cut off the links of complex angelic magic circles like light.

'What is this system?'

The only insight that could compete with Akashic Records made even angelic logic look like a fool's mumbling.

-Ultima System reconnected.

-Babel primitive system operation.

The small change created by Sein made Babel start to initialize by making Kariel's logical system inaccurate by a dust particle.

As soon as the magic circle broke into pieces, Sein activated Equilibrium.

Two gears meshed together and ground Kariel's destroyed logic into nothingness and returned it to a meaningless world.
[Translated block]


The Ultima system was still simple but huge.

As the light expanded, everything finally merged into one.

Woo woo woo woo!

Babel's photon cannon disappeared like a faucet.

Then, as the legs and arms buried in the ground came up and the upper body stood up, it returned to its appearance before transforming.

Thud! Thud! Thud!

As the pilot's tension was released, the power transmitted to Piper decreased, and dozens of Gurois knelt down.

"What happened? Is it over?"

During the 20 seconds of the photon cannon firing, the rebel command was completely destroyed.

Crud's Titan was damaged and half of the command's power was dead.

-Babel program initialization.

Babel, who was in a combat posture, lowered his hand.

Then, the electric wings disintegrated into dots, and his head and knees slowly began to descend.

-No signal.

-User registration standby status.

Babel knelt down as he had been sleeping in the ancient ruins and waited for the next user to appear.

A hateful sight for the rebels.

The cockpit of Guroi opened and Kanya ran with Signa.

"Uaaaaaa!"

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Every time she hit Babel's face with a sword, a powerful explosion occurred, but not even a scorch mark appeared on the metal surface.

If it was a durability that was unaffected by thermal flashes, it was not a being that could be injured by something like Signa.

So she was more angry.

Babel's appearance, which seemed to accept his sins without moving at all, drove Kanya's heart into despair.

"Sister, stop it!"

Lena ran over crying and stopped Kanya.

It was only hurting the person who hit him to vent his anger on a metal lump.

"Let go! I'm going to kill him! Let go!"

"What if he starts working again? This is just a machine!"

"Aaaaaaa!"

Kanya threw Signa away and screamed at the sky.

She was so angry that she had no way to avenge her father.

"Hoo!"

Sain wiped his nose and slowly got up.

Crud, who got off Titan, approached with a calm expression.

"You did it. Thank you. You reduced the damage."

He had already suffered tremendous damage, but Babel's powerlessness against Crud was that much.

"No, the system itself recovered the error by itself. I just unlocked it."

Crud looked at Babel with a serious expression.

"I've met countless Norins, but I've never seen anyone as skilled as you. But if you say that, what is that machine?"

"I don't know much either. The only thing I know is that it wasn't made to deal with Shinmin. It's an ancient weapon for archangels."

"Ancient weapon..."

Crud approached Babel, who had stopped working.

He looked up at her face with her head bowed and confirmed that the red light on the panel was still blinking.

"The power is not off. Is it in sleep mode?"

"Maybe. It seems that the system has been initialized while destroying the angel's magic circle."

"That's what you're saying. Hmm."

Crud got up with a gleam in his eyes.

"Then... how about we use this?"

Sain hadn't thought about it either.

But as the person who directly explored Babel's system, he could assert that there was almost no possibility of that happening.

"Babel's system is made up of integrated signals that transcend human realms. We can't decipher it."

Babel's function surpasses Titan.

If we could pull it into our allies, it would be a tremendous help to our power, but what human could decipher that signal?

'How do I use this?'

The cries of the victims seeped into Sain's cold thoughts.

* * *

What blocked the sun was not darkness. It was death energy that had flowed for billions of years.

As Hel, the ruler of Niflheim, grew in size and showed off his existence, Gauld's party shivered.
[Translated block]


```text
Perhaps the most similar thing to death is cold.

The aura of death that could not be expressed by temperature penetrated to the bone and suppressed the vitality.

"Hoo-hoo!"

Kang Nan opened his eyes wide and blew strength into his body.

He had to win with life.

If he couldn't prove that he was alive by activating every cell, he would end up like a guide.

Then, Gaold's face crumpled like a demon and a powerful atmospheric pressure stabbed down to the ground.

10,000 times the pain.

Kuuuuuuung!

Darkness swept down like peeling wallpaper, but soon the aura of death eroded the space again.

Still, it was a strange phenomenon for Hell.

He couldn't erase the aura that blocked even the sun with just the pressure of the air.

'Will of life?'

It was also a will that surpassed imagination.

"O arrogant one, why do you deny death?"

Hell raised his body and uttered a solemn voice, but Gaold didn't even pretend to hear and was lost in thought.

'It's definitely tricky this time.'

He tried to estimate the limit of pain needed to suppress the aura stronger than Grim Reaper, but it was not an easy task.

Hell spoke again when there was no answer.

"Did you come to death looking for a detestable maze? But only the god of the dead awaits you."

Maze.

The moment he heard that word, Gaold became a completely different person.

An earthquake occurred in his pupils and all his blood vessels began to stand up.

"how…… did you know?"

"There is nothing that the dead do not know. They just don't interfere."

"Kkkkkkk! That's what you say."

Gaold's eyes showed whites.

As extreme eddies spread from his body, even the aura of death seemed to be frightened and stepped back.

Kang Nan sensed danger and approached him.

He didn't know where the limit of pain was, but he had already exceeded his previous limit.

"What do you mean by people's words! I told you not to……!"

"Shut up."

Kang Nan's mouth closed tightly.

He couldn't stop him now. There must be nothing left in Gaold's head but thoughts of the maze.

"Where is the maze? It would be nice to confess nicely. Unless you want to die again."

"The maze is……!"

Hell shouted.

"Kieeeeeeeee!"

The next word was a fierce scream that would stop his heart.

As the robe peeled off, Hell's face, which seemed to have combined all the deaths in the world, was revealed.

The aura of death became sharp like a blade and rushed in as Zulu blocked Kang Nan's front and cast a spell.

"Phosmetery."

Kaoooooooool!

A huge bird made of light wrapped around them.

The aura of darkness hit them right away, but it didn't give any shock and just passed by.

Space-time bird, Phosmetery.

Zulu was famous as a lich summoner, but Phosmetery was also a 2-tier monster that only she could summon.

Phosmetery showed up once every four years on Canarica Island in the tropics and flew for three seconds before disappearing, presumably staying in another dimension.

It took 12 years for Zulu to succeed in summoning Phosmetery after collecting all the records of Phosmetery that had been witnessed for thousands of years.

Considering that it stayed for three seconds once every four years, the exact period was only nine seconds, and people praised Zulu's genius as a major anecdote following Lich.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwa!

Phosmetery moved them to another space-time for three seconds, and everything that happened during that time did not affect them.

Kang Nan could see clearly for the first time the aura of death passing in front of him.

What he thought was darkness was actually a pattern of overlapping faces of screaming dead people.

"It's 3 seconds. I can't hold on any longer."

Zulu didn't need to hear her words.

Hell revealed his true colors at the same time as Gaold already rushed towards him with a demon's face.
```
[Translated block]


Miro! Miro! Miro! Miro! Miro! Miro!

Only one word was passing through his head at the speed of electricity, and that blind faith brought more immense pain.

"God of the dead? You're just a shell...!"

Gauld, who raised his right hand high, swung his fist down and cast a spell.

Sensory 500,000 times-Air Pressing.

As Hell's shape disintegrated, tens of thousands of water droplets fell down like being trampled.

Kuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuung!

The landscape began to vibrate up and down as if the planet was shaking from the delayed shock.
[Translated block]