


[705] God of the Desert (4)

* * *

Southern Akkad Desert.

The pyramid of the most famous great mage in the kingdom of Paras was resisting the sandstorm of Northcarta.

Zulu's dungeon was a void space where countless adventurers visited to find the secret of death.

But now it was full of uninvited guests and human smell.

Kang Nan, who had tied her hair back tightly, brought a basket of wet laundry into the main hall.

She felt the vibration of the pyramid shaking in Northcarta, and it was getting stronger over time.

"Is there anything else you want?"

Zulu, who was sucking on a dry nipple, sat in the corner like a soulless doll, blinking only her eyes.

"......"

She didn't read books or have hobbies.

She didn't eat anything except the minimum food to live.

She spent most of her time filling up with emptiness.

"I don't remember asking you to do that."

Kang Nan hung the laundry on the drying rack and said.

"Aren't you bored? Sitting there blankly all day long."

"If you don't have a mind, you don't have time either."

It was a word of someone who had reached the extreme of nihilism.

"Let me know if you need anything."

She wiped her hands with a towel and walked to the bed, looking pitifully at Gaold, who showed no sign of getting up.

His body, which had been strong, was skinny like a skeleton, and his beard, which he had given up trimming at some point, had grown down to his chin.

'Won't you get up now?'

There was always porridge ready next to Gaold, and Kang Nan took a spoonful and swallowed it into her mouth.

"You're getting worse. You're really going to......"

"He won't die."

Kang Nan turned her head with a flushed face.

"Is that so?"

"He should have been dead by now."

"......"

"If he has overcome the phenomenon of death, Gaold's end will not be death. It will be something more serious."

"He'll come back. Because here......"

Kang Nan bit her lip and said.

"There's a maze."

Zulu didn't argue this time either.

"Maybe he'll cross the maze then."

Knowing how persistently Gaold pursued strength, she hoped so, but felt a contradictory sadness.

'Just get up first. Then I can fight too.'

Krrrrrrrrrrr.

The ceiling shook and the sound of wind like a cry of the dead came clearly along the wall.

"It's amazing. How big is the pressure difference that a storm can occur in the middle of the continent?"

Whoooooo!

It sounded like Gaold's scream.

"It's not wind, Kang Nan."

Zulu pointed to the ceiling and said.

"The wheel of law. The ethics of this world are operating from a much deeper level."

* * *

Vanguard was closed.

Bomu greeted Marga Thieves who came in proudly and Momodo brought his strongest subordinates to meet them.

"Welcome. I'm Momodo, the 32nd manager of Vanguard."

When the name of the most famous heroine in the central desert appeared, the deputy chief spoke with force in his eyes.

"I have something to see for a moment, so can you cooperate?"

Momodo looked at the woman next to the deputy chief instead of answering.

Her hair was tangled and her clothes were torn, as if she had been dragged after being robbed.

But the aura that came from being next to her was like being punched, which was not normal.

'Is she really human?'

She boasted that she had met all the freaks in the world, but this time she had to think differently.

This woman is the ultimate monster.

"You know the situation. Until Northcarta passes by, no use of force is allowed in Vanguard......"

The maiden approached Momodo.

"I'm looking for Banya."

The moment she saw the beast's eyes, her heart pounded like a prey under a lion's belly.

'I'm going to die. I'm going to die.'

Will you fight or open the way?
[Translated block]


```text
Momo's decision was quick in front of the choice of either-or.

"Let's go in. Please don't make a big fuss."

The maiden was fearless as she passed through the armed men, and the deputy followed Momo with a snort.

Shirone's party, who returned to the inn, took one bed each in the corner except for the door.

"Phew, I'm tired. I must have drank too much."

"Hehehe! But it was fun, right? We learned a new fact after 20 years."

Lian laughed as he looked at Shirone's flushed face.

"Are you sure it's not a dream? Shirone, how many pairs of underwear did you bring? Leave them next to you and sleep."

"Shut up! You're also out of your mind and acting like an adult!"

Kido, who only left his shorts on and undressed, twisted his legs on the bed
[Translated block]


"Be careful. They are very strong."

Shirone also guessed the man's skill from dodging the photon cannon at close range.

"Get out! Let's see outside!"

"Yaaaaaap!"

Lian swung his sword and tore the wall apart.

"Grab him! Don't let him go!"

Kido, who went outside the railing, climbed up the wall, and Lian and Shirone flew to opposite sides.

'I should call Latuza.'

As he ran down the hallway and looked around, he saw the perfect closure of Vanguard's situation.

'Then where?'

He turned his head sharply at the eerie killing intent, and a blade that reflected the flame like a flame in the torch rushed in.

'I have to avoid it...!'

He bent his waist with Arman's reflex nerve, but it was so frustrating that his heart was about to burst.

'I got it!'

A clear and clean wind sound followed, and Shirone's neck fell off with a thud.

This is one second.

"Huh! Huh!"

Shirone, who retreated 10 meters by teleporting, looked at the front with his eyes wide open while holding the ground with his hand.

The woman's figure, whose clothes were twisted by the radical movement and completely tightened her body, was visible.

"You... Kuk!"

The shock wave exploded from his chest belatedly.

Shirone looked down and saw a ringer's armor on Arman's chest like a silver wound.

'Didn't you avoid it?'

Probably wind pressure.

But looking at the metallic wound, he couldn't think that it was made by the wind.

"It's a blast."

The voice of the woman who realized the realm of sensation with only one reaction to the sword raised Shirone's head.

"What are you? Why are you attacking us?"

"The Shirokai conflicted."

'Shirokai?'

"Whether you are first or Anke Ra is first."

"I don't understand. Why Shirokai?"

"Shura reported to Amita. You can't make a bow. So we..."

The woman lowered her posture and a whirlwind rose.

"We follow Anke Ra."

As the woman disappeared from sight, Shirone activated Shibu Sangpokmae without hesitation.

'How can it be so fast!'

But as time passed, the blade's movement accelerated, and eventually he couldn't even feel the trajectory of the sword with his explosive sense.

"Die."

Acting-Nirvana E-Engine (Thermal Power Series 8 Cylinder).

As the cylinder of law gave power to one action, the sword struck Shirone's head like lightning.

The floor exploded with a roar, and in the smoke rising, the woman was motionless for a long time.

'How?'

It was a result that could not be captured even with a monstrous sense.

'Didn't you see it?'

Shirone, who had moved behind her before she knew it, took a fighting stance while panting.

'Is it magic?'

To confirm, the woman kicked the ground at the same time as Shirone's body passed through the floor of the corridor like a ghost and disappeared.

'It's unpleasant.'

The unknown was always unpleasant.

"Kuuuuu!"

The woman who turned the cycle at an incredible speed hit the floor and a huge hole appeared.

As soon as she landed, she saw Shirone ignoring all physical barriers and going outside.

"No way."

The woman's pupils shook in shock.

"Air break?"

The reason why space can be destroyed is because the terrain of reality and the back world are different.

In reality, there may be no barriers in the back world because there are barriers blocking the way.

"If it didn't end with a blast..."

The underground here might be an underground room in the back world, and the sky might be the roof of a high building.

"It got closer to the ultimate."

At the end of the woman's murmur, Shirone, who broke through the ceiling and cast Shining Magic, turned to her.

'That's it. I can fight with this.'

The first thing he developed through Uorin's advice was the ability of seventh sense to use both reality and back world routes.

Bak Jikyeong-Choeni Bardo (Boundary of Life and Death).

That is, it was the boundary line between this world and that world.
[Translated block]