


[746] Age of Turbulence (2)

* * *

"Sometimes you tell me to meet other men!"

Amy, who came into the room to avoid Isis's nagging, sat down on the bed with a pout.

"Who do you think is good enough to stay still!"

The anger quickly subsided.

There was some truth to Isis's words, and her fear was a natural reaction for a normal human being.

'What will happen to this world.'

The spiritual realms that have appeared in various regions of the world will shake the world situation beyond the problem of demons appearing.

'Numerous deaths, civil strife, wars with other countries...'

Being a soldier will be the most dangerous job.

Perhaps it was the only opportunity for Amy, who was preparing for the civil service exam, to change her dream.

'Shirone.'

When I graduated, I thought I could live a happy life dreaming of the future together.

'What am I to you?'

Amy, who was exhausted from fighting with the demons, fell asleep on the bed without knowing how she lay down.

Tears flowed between her eyelids.

"It's been a while, Miss Amy."

"Huh?"

When she heard the voice and looked back, she felt like she knew the person somewhere.

An old man with a kind smile and a mustache.

Only he seemed to be alive with vivid colors, and reason was pushed into the realm of deep sleep level 6.

"Where is this?"

When she realized it was a dream, the scenery became clear and a blue field full of all kinds of precious flowers was revealed.

"Huh? Huh?"

Sometimes she had the experience of being pressed by scissors while dreaming, but this was the first time she had awakened so perfectly.

Amy, who finally realized, looked back at the old man.

"Could it be?"

"Yes, I'm a dream guide, a luber."

She knew that only those who had obtained a lucid dream certificate through special training could find a luber.

"Did you come to me directly?"

"Yes. Originally, it is forbidden by the Terraphos Universe Law for a dream guide to forcibly awaken an individual's dream, but I had to step in because the situation is what it is."

He had already notified the Terraphos Chief Justice, and considering that Shirone was a representative of humanity, he was approved.

"Why did you come to me?"

"There is someone who wants to meet Miss Amy. If it's not rude, can I connect with his dream...."

Amy was slightly tense at the fact that the luber was using honorifics.

"Who is it?"

"I can't tell you. But I dare say, I don't think Miss Amy will be slapped."

Amy, who had been thinking with her lips pouting, made a quick decision.

"Okay. It's just a dream anyway."

"Then, have a good time."

The body of the luber gradually became transparent and completely disappeared.

"What?"

Amy was looking around when she suddenly heard a familiar voice from behind.

"Amy."

When she turned her body slowly with a startled shoulder, Shirone was standing there with a smile.

"You, you...?"

"I'm sorry for coming to you like this. But..."

Even though she knew it was a dream, as soon as she saw his face, the resentment that had been heartbroken exploded.

"You bad boy!"

Amy, who grabbed Shirone's collar, shouted.

"How can you not contact me at all? Do I have to hear from my dad?"

Shirone just had a sorry expression.

"Do you know how embarrassed I was? My mom tells me to meet other men, people are whispering that I was dumped! But how can... to me..."

Shirone suddenly hugged Amy.

"I missed you."

Amy knew.

There are emotions that are too big and desperate to be described by any exaggerated language.

'I know. I know too.'

The heart is bigger than the universe.

"Ha. Anyway, since you're here, I'll forgive you."

Shirone, who had dropped his body holding Amy's shoulder, also had tears in his eyes.
[Translated block]


"But! There's something I must check before that!"

What on earth does this guy think of me?

"You said you came through a dream, right? Given your personality, you wouldn't have come to see just me. Who was I in the order?"

"Of course, the first."

Shirone, who hastily answered, looked around as if she couldn't overcome her guilt and spoke cautiously.

"Actually... I'm on my way from meeting my parents first."

Amy smiled broadly.

"Then I'm the first. Let's go, you have to tell me everything that happened."

Shirone, who held Amy's hand, nodded and ran across the meadow.

A small house appeared where butterflies were flying around like fragments of light over the flower bed.

It was all painted pink, and Amy, who unconsciously revealed her unconsciousness, covered her mouth and coughed.

"Hmm."

That was why the connection of dreams was prohibited in Terrafos.

But because the other party was Shirone, it was rather thrilling than embarrassing.

"...Let's go in."

Amy said shyly, and Shirone followed her with an inexplicable smile.

"Amy, I have something to say."

"I know. It's urgent......"

Since there wasn't much time, Shirone first told her what she needed to know.

As the story progressed, the candles caused various changes, and when she finally found out the whole story, her room was dark.

"So I am......"

"I know what you mean."

Amy cut off Shirone's words.

"Why you couldn't contact me, what you have to do in the future."

The candlelight brightened again.

"But it's okay. It's inevitable. I'm glad I have a clear goal. We're going to join forces and finish Nene."

"No. This is not that level."

Because it would be the last chance to deal with someone with a human heart, Shirone opened her mouth with difficulty.

"Amy, I can't be with you anymore."

"What?"

Amy's house was completely dark.

"I'm so happy to be with you. I'm so happy that I'm going crazy."

"But what's the problem? Why are you suddenly like this?"

"That's it. I'm too happy. Eventually, I will obsess over you. And then......"

Shirone bit her lip.

"Nene will definitely use it. The more I love you, the more dangerous you become."

"Nene is a Buddha, right? What kind of Buddha does such a cowardly thing?"

"That's also a human emotion."

Shirone looked back at Amy's face beyond the darkness.

"To Nene, everything in this world is empty. If it's to close the world, it doesn't matter what you do."

Because it was originally nothing.

"It has already transcended the concept of good and evil. The realm of God reached at the end of conquering all good and all evil."

If you're not afraid, it's a lie.

"And I can't fight with someone to protect them. So Amy, now stop......"

"I got it. Let's stop."

At the sudden cold voice, Shirone's heart, which had been unable to spit out words, sank.

"Ha, I knew I would do that. What kind of love is this in this situation? You don't need to worry about me in the future. You just have to fight Nene as you want in your place. Is it okay now?"

Although she spat it out bluntly, she could not hide the sound of the wind blowing outside.

"I'm going."

Like the sound of the wind, Amy sobbed.

"I'll be strong enough for you not to have to protect me. So definitely, definitely I'll go to you......"

From Shirone's chest, which held Amy, something hot and damp spread.

"Don't worry and wait. I'll go. Wherever you are fighting with anyone, I'll go to your side."

I'll get stronger and stronger, and I'll punch Nene's face.

"Amy......"

Shirone couldn't hold back her tears either, and the two stroked each other's faces in the dark with their hands.
[Translated block]


"If I could hold her now.

'It's a dream. It's our dream.'

Lips that were almost stuck lost their way and wandered, and only the emotions of the two people were frighteningly swirling.

"I'll go. You have to be careful."

"No. You can't go. Shirone... just a moment..."

Even though I thought I was prepared, I couldn't accept it when it came to reality.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Amy."

What if we love like crazy until the end of the world and then close everything together?

The moment a very human thought crossed his mind, Shirone closed his eyes tightly and kicked the bed and left the house.

"Shirone! Wait, just a moment...!"

Amy's dream ended there.

* * *

"Ahhhh!"

In front of Shirone, who was crouching and crying in his dream, Ruber approached with a sad expression.

"Do not be angry."

"Why, why me! Why only me... why!"

"I apologize."

Shirone's breathing quickened at the two words spoken firmly.

"Haah. Haah."

'Are you accepting it again? It's a truly admirable spirit.'

Neither Shirone nor Nene were born as gods.

Bass was a human after all, but it was because of this level of spirit that he was looking beyond the realm of God.

"This is just the beginning. The Great Purification has just begun. If you're not brave, you'll kill yourself."

There was no guarantee that it wouldn't happen.

"I'm sorry. Ruber, you've done something special for me."

"I'm sorry too. I knew it. But if Shirone becomes a human in reality, the world closes."

That's why he confirmed it in a dream.

"Will you go back?"

"No. Now is the last chance before a stronger obsession arises. I want to tell as many people as possible."

The mission of the Five Elements had already begun.

"Please take me to my friends."

Ruber muttered in a locked voice.

"Have a good dream......"

* * *

"Ugh. Ugh."

At the sound of Nade's voice in the early morning, Liz, who was sleeping next to him, shook her body.

"Nade? Is it a nightmare?"

They had been fighting with the demons all day to get out of the range of the psychic power.

"Are you tired?"

"Is this really a dream?"

Ruber told him everything, but Nade, who had not experienced Drimo, was skeptical.

"Puhaha! What do I know! Wow, it's Shirone!"

Nade, who was happy and ran to him, hardened his expression as soon as he saw Shirone's face.

"......Why, Shirone?"

Why are you crying?

"Nade."

"What happened? Did something bad happen?"

It was the first time he saw Shirone crying so sadly.

"Who bothered you! Tell me who it is! I'll go and smash it right now!"

"Nade, I am......"

It was a long dream.

"Huh!"

Nade, who woke up from a dream with a start, sat up and breathed heavily.

"Are you okay?"

When he heard Liz's voice and looked around, the scenery of the inn room where they had taken refuge from the demons felt strange.

"Did you dream of a demon? I couldn't wake up all day......"

"It's not a dream."

Shirone said it was Nene.

"Get ready, Liz. Let's go back to Thormia right now. I need to see Eruki. He's probably waiting for me."

"Thormia?"

Since the psychic power hit the capital, Nade had crossed the border with Liz right away.

"I don't know the current situation in the capital? You'll be arrested as soon as you go. What does it mean that Eruki is waiting?"

That's why he confirmed it in a dream.

"Shirone is having a hard time."

"......"

The reason Liz couldn't refute was because the two of them had a new life because of Shirone.

"Some crazy guy is touching my friend."
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]