


That winter (3)

High River Hill.

Beta Pishi Justin focused on the plains spread out in front of her.

'Father.'

Her throat was cut in front of her, making a sound like a beast being slaughtered.

'Mother.'

She was horribly abused.

'My precious family, and the families of those families...

One day, without knowing why, her life was bombed.

'I wasn't comfortable either.'

The reason she could save her life in that bombing was because her life was more precious than her family's.

'I'm sorry. Mom, Dad.'

The moment she realized one fact she had been ignoring, tears poured out like a waterfall.

'I wanted to live.'

Despite being young, her life was full of cowardice.

'And someone who died in my place.'

She must have been able to escape from Habits' net because she mistook some child for Justin.

"Justin, it's time."

Shirone and Minerva came from both sides.

'I'm ending it!'

In her bright eyes was the most intense resentment in the world.

"With this...

When Shirone opened the lid of the red metal box, the "Law Spear" vibrated with a bloody smell.

"Strange?"

The first commander, Guy, who was attacking Bashken's castle, came to Vulcan and reported directly.

"Yes. Even though the castle is already isolated, it does not activate Exmachina or give up."

"Hmm."

Guy is a madman.

'But that's why I trust him.' Although he didn't have the ability to read the military situation calmly, his intuition about war was as sensitive as Vulcan's.

"What are you up to?"

"There's no reason not to activate Exmachina. Maybe we're preparing a devastating blow that we don't know...

Vulcan's eyes flashed.

"This damn it!"

Guy raised his head.

"Why?"

It was not a matter to be told to others.

"No, you go to the outer castle gate with the mobile team right now. Don't let anyone into the capital."

"The outer castle gate has already been penetrated. There is no report of additional troops from the castle...

"There's nothing you can do." Vulcan added.

"You won't be disappointed."

That was enough for Guy.

"I understand."

In terms of being able to swing a sword, Guy was the core of Vulcan who asked nothing.

Vulcan, who sent Guy out, took a big step towards the temporary barracks.

'It's not too late...

Justin said.

"I was scared. Even though I carried the death of many people on my back, I just ignored it. I thought I could run away."

The "Law Spear" that was deprived of its target becomes a resentment that cannot find its end.

"Thank you for giving me this opportunity."

Justin grabbed the "Law Spear" in her hand.

"This is that short sword."

When the killing intent seeped into the short sword, a scream like the sky tearing apart was heard.

Shirone swallowed her saliva.

'Maybe this is, Minerva's childhood scream.'

It was horrible.

"Let's start."

Shirone took out the atomic clock made of material and measured the time to snipe the law.
[Translated block]


"There are 41.331 seconds left to the coordinates designed by Iluki."

The numbers on the billboard fell below 30 seconds.

"We won't be able to hit it exactly."

Even if Justin is good at sniping, catching 1/1000 of a second was a difficult task.

"That's why we're here. We will coordinate the law while communicating with Iluki."

Minerva added.

"So don't think about time. What we want from you is a hatred that cannot be compared to anything."

"I'm confident."

Leaving 10 seconds, Justin closed his eyes.

'Hubitz.'

In her imagination, Habitz was a huge flame, flickering on the devil's tongue.

'It's not for the world.'

Because it's not Jung-oh.

'Only my personal grudge. So...

The flame of imagination exploded with a bang, and Justin's face, shedding tears of blood, was born.

'Die!'

Shirone said.

"4 seconds."

Justin, who clenched his teeth, clenched his short sword and spread his legs forward and backward.

"Yaaaaaaaa!"

She threw the "Law Kill" like sprinkling it, bouncing her upper body and screaming as if her throat would tear.

"......Aaaaaaaaa!"

The most extreme way that hatred can choose.

Bang!

As the air exploded like thunder, the trajectory of the "Law Kill" stretched out like a red line.

"Departure!"

Shirone and Minerva chased the "Law Kill", but it had already disappeared from sight.

'It's a tremendous speed. This is...

Only the whistle of the "Law Kill", which contained 14 years of resentment, was filling the place late.

"Shirone! Ride!" Minerva, who usually squeezed the jet between her thighs and approached sideways, said.

"We're going to fly at top speed. Hold my waist."

"Could you have flown faster?"

"Yeah."

Shirone frowned.

"But why didn't you fly like that?"

"The vibration is too severe."

Minerva, who looked down, turned to Shirone and revealed a clear smile.

"Once you taste it, you can't stop." Shirone, who was stunned for a moment, shook her head and took her hand off Minerva's waist.

"You have to stop this time."

"I'll endure it. And hold your waist. It'll feel much better than you think."

I wonder why I don't want to hold it more.

The jet vibrated slightly and flew at a tremendous speed.

A sonic boom burst, and Minerva raised her head and moaned.

"Haaaaa...

When Shirone was about to scold her, Iluki's voice came into his head.

-Shirone! Can you hear me? It was a telepathy magic that I practiced for about a year, and thanks to the advantages of the escape type, long-distance communication was possible.

"I can hear you. But there's a little noise."

-The distance is far, so it is. It's hard just to keep the spirit zone. How about the "Law Kill"?

Shirone, who turned her head, saw the "Law Kill" flying parallel to the jet.

"The bullet is safe. What should I do now?"

-It was a little fast. Can you slow down the speed of the "Law Kill" by about 80 centimeters per second?

"I'll try."

When Shirone, who emitted the light of Yahweh, made a thin air barrier in front of him, the vibration of the "Law Kill" became severe.

-That's right. A little more. Done.

As he entered the forest at a point 98 kilometers away from Bashken, Shirone's eyes widened.

'Did you design all this?'

Even if a branch was caught, the law would be reversed, but the "Law Kill" was penetrating numerous gaps.

Over the head of a deer drinking water from a spring, under the belly of a leopard attacking a rabbit......

-This is a medicine. Most of the data is concentrated in the waterway. From the 80-kilometer point, we'll do it.

The voice of Iluki became clear at the point where he passed the village where Ex Machina was.

"I'll follow."

I thought I had a duty to confirm the result.

-Gustav's forces are all laid out. The magic control device is also in full operation. Escape from the waterway entrance.
[Translated block]


"Understood."

After passing through several cities, the gates of the capital city, Bashken, finally came into view.

"Eruki, the troops are in position."

-It doesn't matter. I've already adjusted the law to decide Habitz's death.

Eruki couldn't grasp the full extent of the troops' situation because the Ex Machina did the external calculations.

"Someone's coming!"

Eruki's voice became clear again.

-...It's okay... anyway... the law...

The "Law Spear" penetrated the castle gate without a millimeter of error along the only gap that all the soldiers were guarding.

"What, what is this?"

As the soldiers looked around in disbelief, a knight in iron armor over two meters tall drew his sword.

"Yaaaaah!"

Just looking at the ground exploding, it was not human speed.

"Evade!"

As Minerva twisted Jet's head, the wind blew, and Kai cut down his long sword through the wind pressure.

Shirone felt dizzy.

'What is this??????'

Even while avoiding with teleportation, she clearly confirmed the will of the opponent engraved in the flash.

'Ogent's swordsmanship?'

The ground split with a roar, and Shirone and Minerva landed with that line in between.

"Huh? You avoided it?" The giant knight straightened his waist and slung his long sword over his shoulder.

'To say it's a long sword...

It was longer and thicker than Lian's great sword.

"It's a good thing I joined Gustav. If you're by the military's side, you can have a lot of fun wars."

As he said this and took off his helmet, Shirone's eyes shook with shock.

"Lian?"

No, the skeleton was a little stronger, older, and above all, he had black hair.

Kai twitched his thick eyebrows.

"It's strange. I didn't expect to hear my brother's name here."

"Brother, then...

The words she heard from Temuran came to mind.

"Ogent Kai?"

"Ho ho?"

Kai looked at Shirone as if he was interested.

"You, who are you?"

A terrifying killing intent swept over.

"Hahaha! I'm a beggar!"

Except for Vulcan, the four Gustav machines broke into the houses and hurt people as they came.

The killing technique was superior to Natasha, but Zeta's behavior was terrible and Smo was evil.

"You idiots! What are you doing here!"

Vulcan ran with Abella.

"Are you fighting? Where is Habitz?" Natasha shrugged her shoulders.

"I don't know. I bet who kills more. He probably went into the houses over there."

Sure enough, a scream was heard.

"Geez! Get ready to retreat quickly! We're leaving!"

"Is the war over already?"

"No. The city is on the verge of falling. But

That's not important. Let's get out of here first."

It was the first time Vulcan had seen such a flustered look.

"What's going on?"

Without time to answer, Vulcan took Abella and went to where the scream was.

"Please persuade Habitz! We must leave the capital."

"Al, alright."

There was no need to find a way to where Habitz was because of the screams.

"Come here! I'm it!"

The house was a mess and Habitz was chasing the family with a crude sword from the blacksmith's shop.

"Honey! This way!"

When the mother holding the young child ran up the stairs, Habitz, who was turning the corner, fell.

"Please save us. Please...

As the husband hugged his wife and son and cried, Habitz raised his head.

"Is it going to die?"

His pupils shone with a terrifying desire, and he crawled up the stairs in a hurry.

"Kyaaaaaak!"

At the sight of Habitz slaughtering the family, Vulcan sighed, holding his forehead.

"Your Majesty! We must evacuate quickly! I guarantee that if we do not leave the capital now, we will die!"

Relief like a miracle spread across the faces of the family.

'We survived. We survived.'

Habitz looked back while lying down.

"Is it going to die?"

Then, with his eyes shining with a terrible desire, he hurriedly crawled up the stairs.

"Kyaaaaaak!"

At the sight of Habitz slaughtering the family, Vulcan sighed, holding his forehead.

"Your Majesty! We must evacuate quickly! I guarantee that if we do not leave the capital now, we will die!"

Relief like a miracle spread across the faces of the family.

'We survived. We survived.'

Habitz looked back while lying down.

"Is it going to die?"

Then, with his eyes shining with a terrible desire, he hurriedly crawled up the stairs.

"Kyaaaaaak!"

At the sight of Habitz slaughtering the family, Vulcan sighed, holding his forehead.
[Translated block]


"It's like adding fuel to the fire."

It's more fun to kill a family engulfed in relief than to face one's own death.

'No, maybe......

Abella shouted.

"Honey! Hurry! A strange weapon is going to kill me!"

Balkan stopped her.

"No, it's okay. Just leave me alone."

"What? What are you talking about?"

"The combination of Ex Machina and 'Beop-sal'. And all we can put forward is perfect chaos."

Maybe Habitz is right.
[Translated block]