


[494] That afternoon (2)

The laser shot into the sky by Valhalla Action instantly reversed the cause and effect and concentrated the magic of the dark sphere in the sky at 6,000 kilometers.

The dark sphere borrowed the battery of God's particles and sucked in mass at a terrifying speed, and finally a light spear with a mass of 10 tons was born.

The planet strongly pulled the 10 tons of mass by gravity and the light with huge kinetic energy began to pierce straight down toward the spire of Arabot.

Time left until heaven's destruction.

18 minutes 42 seconds.

'No! If this goes on...'

Ikael looked at the sky with a blank expression.

Valhalla Action moved Shirone to the entrance of Arabot in an instant, and the thickness of the laser shot there was enough to pierce the sky.

If Shirone's magic is true, heaven will be destroyed.

'How can I stop it?'

While she was worried about the safety of heaven, nothing was important to Piel, the Archangel of Extinction.

He just flew quickly towards where Shirone was, trying to get rid of the impurities in front of him.

Ikael knew that he was trying to kill Shirone.

However, even if his original concept was extinction, it was questionable why Piel was so reckless.

'What's at the end of this war?'

There must have been Anke Ra's true intention hidden in the prophecy left by Piel, who banned the activities of angels and restored himself as an archangel.

"Shirone..."

Piel had already narrowed down more than half of the distance with Shirone.

He had decided to kill her from the beginning, so if he left her alone, Shirone would disappear as a handful of nothingness.

"Kruk!"

As she thought about it, Ikael's glory body began to vibrate at a terrible speed.

She vowed every time her mind shook, but she finally realized in front of Piel, the absolute entity of death.

There may be something bigger than heaven in the lost memory.

Superpower Amplification Array Ataraxia.

Ikael clenched both fists and expanded her light wheel.

Kiiiiiiiiiiing!

The sight of light piercing into a huge magic circle with a diameter of hundreds of meters was truly heavenly beauty.

She mobilized all her mental power that she could use and revealed her original concept, and poured that powerful amplification power into one thought.

'I have to regain my memory!'

The fragment of memory erased by Anke Ra.

The only thing left at the end of the broken thought was a small signal that could not even be called a language, but Ataraxia amplified it more than 200 million times and turned it into a perfectly clear image that filled her mind.

"Huh?"

As that image swept over her whole body, she began to restore her torn memory by herself.

The reason for the archangel is fast enough to be called light, and finally all thoughts are perfectly unified into one history as if a new bridge is connected to a broken leg.

"Ah..."

A tear like light flowed down Ikael's cheek.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

The miserable cry of the purest angel shook Arabot.

'How could I forget?'

The miserable feeling pierced her chest like a dagger and vomited out like blood.

Shirone.

And Gepin.

As the first angel and the leader of all angels, compared to his life that existed throughout his life, the time he met those two people was only a moment.

But for Ikael, it was undoubtedly the most beautiful and bright moment in her time.

She could exist with only that memory alone.

That's why she didn't need to exist if she lost that memory.

The result she chose for Shirone eventually ruined everything like this.

'Ra...'

Where are you trying to lead this whole world?

"Shironeeeee!"
[Translated block]


Ikael came to his senses and spread his wings of light.

He had exhausted most of his mental power as a price for regaining his memory, but he flew to Sirone with a bit of strength.

When he looked down, Piel had already reached Sirone and was gathering the energy of annihilation in his hand.

"Do you want to jump into death yourself? Well, that's probably the limit of a mere human, a Nephilim."

Sirone clenched his teeth and glared at Piel.

The time he had to pay for changing the causality with Valhalla Action was a whopping 10 minutes.

If he had only cast God's Punishment, the risk would not have been so great, but it took much longer than expected to move to the coordinates that could accurately hit the pinnacle of Aravot.

'No, this is it.'

He couldn't save Peope who gave up his life for him, and he almost got killed by Ikael, who he hoped would be his lifelong mental refuge.

He thought it didn't matter anymore since he had completed his mission.

'I'm sorry, Amy. Everyone...'

He remembered the faces of his loved ones he left behind in his hometown and waited for his impending death.

"Disappear, you worthless being!"

Piel's hooded face, made of only light and darkness, twisted grotesquely and the dark particles burned like flames.

As the power of annihilation swept over him, trying to swallow Sirone, Ikael caught up with Piel at the last moment.

"No wayyyyy!"

Kwaaaaaaang!

As Ikael activated his power, the concepts of annihilation and amplification collided and shook the whole area.

'Ikael?'

Sirone looked up at Ikael's face, which was two heads taller than him.

He didn't sweat, but his complexion was pale and his eyes were wilted.

Still, Ikael tried to smile for Sirone, but soon his expression changed to sadness, regret, and sorrow that transcended everything, conveying his miserable emotions.

"I'm sorry."

Ikael said with his eyes that he couldn't express everything with words.

"I'm sorry. Sirone..."

The moment he saw Ikael's tears, the same tears flowed from Sirone's eyes.

Maybe they were made of the same substance, such a delusion that made him want to stay in this cozy feeling forever, started to inject moisture into Sirone's dried-up emotions through war.

"Sirone, you..."

Kwaaaaaaang!

Before he could finish his sentence, Ikael's body flew sideways.

In Sirone's sight where she disappeared, Piel was making an angry face.

"Ikael. You fallen dirty archangel. How far do you want to insult the existence of angels."

Sirone tried hard to move his body with all his might, but there was no way to violate the principle of equivalent exchange.

"It doesn't matter."

Piel turned his head back to Sirone.

"Both ugliness and purity are gone when they disappear."

As Piel attacked Sirone again, Ikael, who had fallen on the ground, got up and blocked him again.

"Kruk!"

It was the only way she could do it by exhausting her power as a price for remembering Sirone.

But now Piel didn't care either.

He seemed to want to overwhelm her with only power and concept, pouring out the ability of annihilation on Ikael in front of him.

As if a worm was wriggling, the smoke of darkness made of dots wrapped around Ikael and her halo began to lose its light gradually.

"Huuuuuuuuk!"

She tried desperately to hold on, but the shock of erasing the angel's presence was clearly visible on Ikael's face.

'Uh, uaaaaaa. Uaaaaaa!'

Sirone shed tears as he looked at Ikael.

Without being able to move a finger or cry out loud or just watch his loved one die was the end of the most miserable emotion a human could feel.

"It's okay, Sirone... It's okay."

She said with a smile on her face.
[Translated block]


```
Ikael's smile was beautiful.

It was the most beautiful smile in the universe.

* * *

Armin, Shiina, and Kuan arrived at the portal of Inglis and waited for Etella to come.

It was a separate matter to meet Zulu, who had gone to get the metagate, outside, but they needed a disk to extract the coordinates from the Akashic Record.

"It's strange that he's late. I hope nothing happened."

Etella must have known that time was tight, so even if Yamaing broke his promise or failed to keep his contract, he should have arrived by now.

"Let's wait a little longer. He's a nice person, but he's not so clumsy that he can't make a judgment. He'll be here soon."

Shiina still trusted Etella, but she also had a bad feeling in her head.

The bishop of the Carcass Capital Society.

Heaven was a place where powerful beings were swarming, so it was impossible to walk around comfortably with ordinary skills, but at least he should be able to avoid fighting and complete his mission.

It was proof enough that when Gaold first formed the team, he prioritized Etella over himself.

'What the hell happened?'

As anxiety gradually crept into Shiina's thoughts, a dull scream came from Inglis' corridor.

"Krrrrr!"

The three heads turned at the same time.

They could tell that it was not a normal enemy just by looking at the shadowy shape that came out of the corner first.

"What is it?"

It was a creature they had never seen before.

But anyone who brought them here would have felt the same way.

The Garas, which had no clear characteristics of their species, only manifested their appearance through their mother's biological characteristics, and their immutable traits were only protein hunger and tremendous reproductive desire.

The shapes of the dark things were therefore different, but they were all originally Yamaing's subordinates, so they had some consistency.

Black skin covered with mucous membrane, long knees bent backwards with reverse joints, and a tail with spikes at the end of a curved spine.

"Kiki! It's breeding!"

Basically, because human traits were grafted, language use was not a problem.

The only difference from the king of breeding who was born in Laysis' headquarters was that they were all strong beings with biological strength above telomere level 5.

As soon as Shiina saw Garas' eyes, she felt a chill.

It was not a murderous intent, but a terrible fear that she could not help but feel as a woman.

Ice Cloud.

A frost mist rose around Shiina.

The air cooled rapidly and crystallized into ice, splashing on the floor like glass powder.

The fact that Shiina, who had an aggressive temperament, cast a defensive magic before even fighting showed how much shock she felt.

But soon fear was controlled by the magician's cool reason, and her eyes burned with determination as she stared at the evil lust demons.

'How dare you.'

The person who felt most uncomfortable feeling Garas' nature was Kuan.

He was already burning with anger and gripped his sword handle harder than usual.

"I'll take care of it......"

As Kuan tried to block Shiina's front, Armin took his place first.

"Stay back. There's no need to waste your energy in a place like this."

Armin's stop could defend against any enemy.

But from Shiina's point of view, it was annoying that Armin was overprotective of her against an enemy that was neither an angel nor a Mara.

To add one more thing, Garas' eyes looking down on her were irritating enough to make her nervous.

"I don't need to worry. It's just this much......!"

"Kiaaaaaa!"

Dozens of Garas screamed.

A sound wave with hundreds of emotions mixed in it sounded like something no creature could imitate.

The three people who were exposed to the desire that overwhelmed humans emotionally tensed up.
```
[Translated block]


With the powerful vitality of telomere level 5 and the extreme desire of Garas, his movements were explosive.

Ice Dagger.

Ice blades that changed shape from a dagger in Shiina's freezing cloud scattered in all directions.

The magic cast by a public 5th grade magician was fired without a break, and Garas, who approached, bounced off each other.

Ting! Titiing!

Garas's body shrank and their armor hardened to break the ice blades.

They didn't suffer any fatal wounds even as they were pushed back by the shock.

Even Kuan's one sword bounced off the chitin's bulletproof elasticity.

'Damn it!'

It was humiliating for a swordsman to have his attack blocked by the body of a mere creature, even if it wasn't as good as Ringer's armor.

Absolute Zero.

As Shiina's most powerful magic Absolute Zero was cast, Garas began to freeze one by one.

Kuan's sword took effect and frozen Garas fragments scattered around.

In the middle of that open view.

A man was standing.
[Translated block]