


[410] Task Force (2)

If you go about two hours by carriage from Creas City, you will find a small port town of San Peros.

Galiant is a world-class resort, but the scenery of this place was just a quiet fishing village when it was not a holiday season.

Arriving around noon, Sirone bought a handful of fish skins from the left plate.

The fish skin, which tastes better when it's a little rotten, was chewy like jelly and had a deep taste of the sea.

There seemed to be no regular ships, so he had to hire a captain separately.

The fare was expensive, but he had enough money to spare.

When he asked the villagers, they said it would take about an hour for the boats that left at dawn to return with meat.

There was nowhere else to go, so Sirone walked to the breakwater and looked at the distant sea.

He had traveled before and there were teammates waiting for him on the island, but he felt like he was alone in the world.

‘It must be lunchtime at school now.’

Sirone didn't think about it.

There was no place to go back. There shouldn't have been.

"Are you Arian Sirone?"

A woman in a completely different outfit from the Kingdom of Torumia stood behind Sirone.

Despite the warm weather, her sleeves went down to her wrists and the hood behind her back was thicker than winter clothes.

The appearance of sucking on a nipple was very strange, but the woman's eyes were deep and mysterious, making it impossible to look at her with strange eyes.

Sirone turned his gaze to the strange creature floating above the woman's head.

It was a transparent monster that made a splash, and the sphere inside it rotated and generated an electric field.

Auto prism that scatters light and creates a transparent effect in a specific range.

It was a monster that was listed in the summoning magic 4th tier with almost no combat power but tremendous utility.

Sirone sent a wary look.

In the worst case scenario, he would pull out Armand and fight, but if he was a magician who could summon 4th tier monsters, he would have to be pushed back in terms of ability.

"Who are you? How do you know my name...?"

"I'm Jullu. Gaold told me to bring you."

"Huh? Da-yo?"

He was confused by the strange language use for a moment, but Sirone opened his eyes wide and looked straight at the woman's face.

"Huh? Jullu?"

There was no way he wouldn't know the name of the world's only and strongest summoner who could handle 1st tier liches.

I couldn't believe it, Sirone pointed at her with his finger and confirmed again.

"...Jullu?"

"Yes, Jullu."

Jullu nodded nonchalantly and said,

"We don't have much time. We have to get out of the border before dark, so follow me."

"Where is the president?"

"He already arrived in Galiant and is preparing with Kangnan. Are you going or not?"

"I'll go."

As soon as he gave up on wasteful exploration and approached Jullu, she deactivated Auto Prism and cast Mass Teleport.

The scenery seemed to be pulled into one point and then expanded into a new scenery.

It was halfway up the mountain behind the harbor.

The breakwater where the two were located was barely visible at the edge of their sight, and below the mountain there was a cluster of fishing people.

Jullu summoned Kaidra from there.

The smooth skin without fur had a long nose like an awl, and the huge claws that supported the body seemed to hold onto the mountain.

Despite its fierce appearance, Kaidra rubbed his beak against Jullu like a child, then knelt down and spread one wing.

Sirone followed Jullu behind him and stepped on his wing and climbed up.

Kaidra's spine protruded out of his skin like a shark's fin, blocking air resistance and allowing him to sit comfortably in his spine's depression.

"Be careful. I'll fly high."

Kaidra pushed off the ground with both legs while flapping his wings and flew up vertically as soon as he floated.

Sirone looked only at the sky that quickly approached him with a pale face as he choked.

When he started flying on a normal orbit, he could only see the ground as a tiny dot.
[Translated block]


```
"A creature named Kaidra that is based on solar power. It doesn't need much oxygen, so it can fly higher than muscle-based creatures. This also increases the chances of avoiding the algorithm of the exploration system Joner."

Joner, who had a spirit zone with a basic diameter of 2 kilometers, was not a difficult task to search the sky.

However, as the altitude increased, it was natural that the search range would decrease as the shape of the spirit zone had to be changed to target type or sniper mode.

Shirone finally felt real.

The person in front of him was really Jullu.

"Thank you for coming to pick me up. Honestly, I didn't think such a great person would come to meet me."

"Gaold said that the association would move soon. There seems to be a static inside. I got it done as soon as possible and headed for heaven. So I took care of the transportation. I'm on my way to pick up a woman named Shiina."

"Oh, I see."

"Of course, even if the matter wasn't urgent, I would have come. Sein said he would use anything he could use to get results. I'll be in charge of utility in the team, so you can say anything you need for your mission."

Jullu's words made sense.

From now on, they had to move organically as a team. Regardless of seniority, they had to do their best for their respective missions.

"Yes! I look forward to working with you!"

Shirone bowed his head cheerfully.

* * *

Kentra City.

The meat produced in Kentra, a famous livestock area in Torumia, was designated as a royal tribute product because it had good meat quality.

The food business was also active, and one street was filled with restaurants.

People wearing cowboy hats passed by frequently, leather clothes were popular, and whips sold like hotcakes.

But the reason why Shiina set the meeting place here was not because the meat was delicious or because she wanted to buy Kentra specialties.

This was exactly halfway between Creas and Bashuka when they left.

Shiina checked the restaurant sign and opened the door.

It was more rustic than Creas, and although she had made a reservation, there were few empty seats.

She drank a glass of water that followed her waiter and waited for the person she would meet today with an anxious mind.

There were about 20 minutes left until the appointment time, but it was still uncertain whether he would come out.

No, if he was sane, he wouldn't come out.

He didn't contact me once after seeing me on a blind date, and he made a lunch appointment just because he received a congratulatory letter for becoming an official 5th class.

That too by rapid telegraph.

She hurriedly prepared after receiving the telegraph at dawn and came to Kentra City to eat meat. There is no such person.

'It's better than nothing.'

The bell rang and the door opened, and a man came in.

Parca Quan, an instructor at Kaizen Swordsmanship School.

His cold eyes that watched the atmosphere of the hall were still the same, but his outfit was quite different from the last blind date.

He didn't try to hide the fact that his leg was uncomfortable, but every time he felt like an outcast in the crowd.

Especially when people's eyes moved from Quan to Shiina, he felt an urge to cut everyone in this place.

Shiina got up from her seat and raised her hand.

She couldn't even give him a bright smile as usual, but she didn't care about people's eyes at all.

There was also Armin who sacrificed both eyes for her.

Shiina didn't mind Quan's leg being uncomfortable at all.

Because you can't hide your prejudice by being conscious of it, Quan also felt Shiina's sincerity.

Maybe that's why he came here without knowing anything.

"Thank you for coming. I'm sorry for making such a rude request."
```
[Translated block]


"I thought there must be a reason since it was an urgent message. First of all, please sit down."

The food came out, but the two people were still silent. They just focused on cutting the meat and putting it in their mouths.

No one was immune to this situation.

Still, Kuan, a man, gathered his courage and spoke first.

"Congratulations. A level 5 official magician. You're really cool at a young age."

Shiina couldn't put it off any longer.

She didn't have much time left, and if Kuan refused, she had to leave for Galliant right away.

"I have something to ask you, so I sent you a message."

It was a strange thing to say as a reply to congratulations, so Kuan blinked his eyes while holding the utensils.

Then he nodded his head obediently and said.

"Yes, please tell me."

Shiina explained the project.

She blocked the information that would endanger the team, but anyway, it was the end of the world tomorrow, so the content was essential and rough.

"......So I wanted one hitman among the team members. I think you are the right person, Mr. Kuan."

Kuan, who had not moved until the story was over, dropped the utensils on the plate with a clatter. And he drank water as if he had lost his appetite.

Shiina waited calmly.

It was no different from saying let's die. He would be disgraced in history.

Persuasion was impossible anyway.

From now on, it was up to his judgment.

Kuan looked at the floor of the restaurant and thought. Then he looked back at Shiina and said.

"Can I ask you one thing?"

"Anything. If it's information I can reveal."

"Why me?"

Shiina's eyes settled coldly.

"As you can see, my legs are not intact. And I'm a swordsman who needs legs. Why do you have to be me?"

"That's because your skills are......"

Shiina swallowed the praise that came out of her mouth.

She couldn't help but know what kind of mind Kuan came to this place with. There would be no man who would run a long way to eat lunch with a woman he didn't like.

She had already let go of Armin in her heart, but she thought she shouldn't use Kuan's feelings.

She just told the truth and waited for his decision.

"You don't care if you die anytime."

Shiina said with a firm expression.

"I heard you have no parents, siblings, or ties. It doesn't matter if you die, Mr. Kuan. You don't have any power to move even if something goes wrong. I thought you didn't need to worry about it."

Kuan stared at Shiina with a blank look.

How dare she say such things in front of someone.

He thought it was too good to be true when he received an urgent message.

"But never underestimate your skills. Your swordsmanship is......"

"Kukkuk. Kukkukkukkuk!"

Kuan dropped his head and laughed while shaking his shoulders. Shiina stopped talking with a tense expression.

"You don't need to worry about anything if you die? If you really thought that......"

Kuan tore his mouth with a creepy look in his eyes.

"You've come to the right place."

He realized now why it was this woman.

She had no prejudice as well as no sympathy.

He felt disgusted by the hypocritical life of humans.

It was a refreshing self-deprecation for him who had been living as a sword ghost.

Kuan changed his mind from before.

Maybe God was still looking at his life.

Heaven.

Is there a more suitable place than this to make a grave for a sword ghost?

Kuan grabbed the table and got up from his seat.

"Let's go. It seems urgent. There's nothing to prepare or not. I finished taking care of myself 10 years ago."

"That would be nice, but at least say goodbye......"

"Don't worry. It's a decision I made as one swordsman. It's too late to prepare when you die. There's no need to look back on your way to the battlefield."
[Translated block]


```
It was a bit of an extreme resolution, but he was the most suitable person to take on the role of a hitman.

A suicide squad that jumps into the fire, carrying the future of humanity on their shoulders, regardless of their motives.

Shiina sincerely respected his determination.

"Thank you."

Kuan also clenched the handle of his sword as if swearing as a prosecutor and bowed his head.

"Likewise."
```
[Translated block]