


[690] Eyes of God (2)

From Meirei's slender and long body, a light energy flickered and shot up into the sky in an instant.

Following the pillar of light, she ascended to an immeasurably high place and formed a hand seal with her fingers bending like rubber.

"What is that?"

As everyone looked up at the sky, her avatar grew so large that it could overturn the entire sky.

Teraforce Avatar Technique - Great Avalokitesvara.

A size that is not inferior to the labyrinth avatar technique she showed when she faced Satan in heaven before.

In the huge eye without eyelids on the fan-shaped forehead, a map was reflected.

"From now on, I will distinguish your good and evil."

The Teraforce is a race that guards order, possessing the ability to collect and analyze all the sounds of this world.

Just as you can't talk about humans without visual function, sound is the truth and core of this world for Teraforce.

And at this moment, all the sounds of the planet where Shiro is living were being collected in Meirei's ears.

"The wisdom of the Chief Justice. The order of the law."

Light blinked from Meirei's eyes, and the same standard of measure was applied to all humans living in the world now.

The numbers of good and evil were quickly tallied.

Good: 0 people

Evil: 8,724 people

Through the true ability of the frequency of God, the voices of over 3 billion hearts resonated and echoed in her head.

Yakma Republic.

-I only want to be superior. I wish everyone looked up to me.

-That guy is done. He's just showing off without any skills. If it were me...

The voices of the hearts accumulated simultaneously around the world were classified at an incredible speed according to the standards of the Teraforce Chief Justice.

Good: 1 person

Evil: 278,687 people

North Emond Republic.

-It's mine! I'm going to have it all!

-Crush it cruelly! If you make a mistake, you have to pay the price! My mistake? ...What do you know about me!

Good: 12 people

Evil: 4,562,479 people

Kashan Empire.

-I'm a good person. Because there's no reason I'm not good. So you guys are all bad guys!

-Why don't you look at me? I'm a cooler guy! I'm the best! You guys who don't know that are stupid!

Good: 376 people

Evil: 67,285,541 people

Mediterranean.

-Go bankrupt. Go bankrupt. Go bankrupt. Go bankrupt.

-What I think is the only correct answer. Because I'm smart. Because you guys are stupid.

Good: 1,225 people

Evil: 128,546,699 people

Eastern Zhongtiandong, Monk's Mountain Range.

-With all my heart, I abandon myself...

-The courage to oppose evil is not to win by fighting, but to immerse myself in pain.

Good: 21,318 people

Evil: 1,589,746,587 people

Gustav Empire.

-Make a mistake. So I can mock you, so I can feel at ease. God, please let the author make a mistake.

-I'm going to hurt you. It doesn't matter. Because it's not me who's hurting.

After the judgment of all humanity, the final score came up in Meirei's head.

Good: 48,893 people

Evil: 3,159,963,587 people

'Enough.'

Those who passed the standard of goodness were less than 1% of the total population, but the choice was still theirs.

Is man an evil being?

If so, how do you explain the 48,893 humans still left in this world?

As long as there is even one good person left, humans cannot be defined as either good or evil.

Rather, as a being that chooses good and evil on its own, it will tirelessly strive for the future of mankind.

"Humanity is still too early to perish. By the judgment of this Chief Justice, I will delete the case of La Enemy."

As the avatar of the Great Avalokitesvara changed the hand seal and swung her arms wide, a tremendous number of light sources overlapped.

Teraforce Avatar Technique - Avalokitesvara Annihilation.

A clear and clear sound that cannot be heard by human hearing spread towards the ground.
[Translated block]


Borrowing the power of good to weaken the power of evil, the law was transmitted to the whole world by borrowing the powerful incarnation of Teraphos.

The balance that can be regained at a ratio of 50,000 to 3.1 billion is not large, but it was enough power to erase the incident of La Enemy.

"Uh......"

Shagal looked up at the sky with a blank expression.

The terrible memories that were going back and forth between reality and virtual gradually disappeared, leaving only the original memories.

There were no new memories to fill in the lost memories, and there was only time to wander in the dark.

"Ugh! Ugh!"

Shirone guessed the seriousness of the situation, looking at Shagal screaming in frustration and madness.

'This is the aftermath that Meirei talked about.'

There must have been a lot of people around the world who reacted like Shagal.

As the memory of La Enemy disappeared, the car value he acquired through human experience also began to fall slightly.

The army of the underworld stopped fighting, and Igor and Barsheba also distanced themselves.

"What is... what's going on?"

"Barsheba, we are the masters of this world. We can't protect anything in a state of losing control."

La Enemy promised Barsheba the independence of the underworld, but even that memory had already disappeared.

Igor turned to Shirone and said.

"We're going back. You guys solve your problems. We fought together today, but next time...."

Igor saved his words.

Because the existence of the underworld and the humans of reality cannot coexist from birth, if this happens again, there will be no way to avoid war.

When the army of the underworld retreated, all that was left was the terrible corpses and the blood-soaked Shirone party.

Meirei, who finished the fire god technique, came down to the ground.

"I erased the incident of La Enemy. You have a duty to take responsibility for this as a representative of humanity."

"......You're quick to say."

I was prepared for that anyway.

"But why do I still remember?"

"Gwanse-eum destroys everything that is controlled by evil. If you're not controlled, your memory won't be erased."

"I see."

As the incident of La Enemy disappeared, the landscape of the underworld began to slowly clear.

The brain of the passage was released, and Meirei, who returned to the girl's appearance, blocked one ear.

I heard La Enemy's voice through the frequency of God.

-Find me, Hexa.

La Enemy will not show up in the world until he reaches 100% car.

-I will be where you are looking for.

No more voices were heard, and Shirone checked the status of the survivors.

Venetia was dead, and Shagal was nowhere to be seen.

When Etela, Kuan, Lian, and Luphist approached Shirone, Meirei said.

"I'm going back. I don't know what future awaits you guys, but I hope you make the right choice."

Luphist said.

"Why don't you stay a little longer since you're here? La Enemy hasn't completely disappeared yet."

"Teraphos protects the order of the universe through sound. It was only because La Enemy ignored the order and manipulated the events of the universe that I intervened directly, and unless such a cosmic event occurs again, there will be no physical intervention."

"Hmm."

Luphist neither affirmed nor denied.

He wanted to use Teraphos for the Kingdom of Tormia, but it was too dangerous a race to handle.

"Hexa, Teraphos recognizes you as a representative of humanity. I'll leave it to you. I'll contact you if necessary."

As soon as the words ended, Meirei's pupils returned to human ones.

"Huh? Where is this?"

She seemed to remember nothing, so the Shirone party looked at her with a blank expression.

"Don't you remember anything?"
[Translated block]


"It seems like I was blown away by the shock of the explosion when I defended the energy beam of the raw flower...”

'That's when it changed. I was completely fooled.’

Perhaps it will be a secret, but Maylei will be captured by the kingdom as the only ability to communicate with Terraphos.

Etelra spoke.

"What are we going to do now? The memory of La Enemy has disappeared, but he is still staying in this world with a human body.”

Kido answered.

"Do we need to find it? It would be meaningless to manipulate the incident anymore.”

The way La Enemy collected experiences was impossible to design from the beginning.

Shirone said.

"But the ability of sensory memory is useful. La Enemy may use it in a different way.”

"Are you really thinking of finding it?”

Luphist asked crookedly.

"You should have known from this incident? If you're not careful, you can grow La Enemy into a huge disaster. Humanity is in danger.”

"But we have to find it.”

"Why?”

"Because it's an Ivory Tower test.”

It didn't mean to pass the test.

"I also think like the Ivory Tower. Even if humanity is in danger, we have to fight to the end to drive out La Enemy.”

'Is it Carin...’

Anyway, since Shirone was not a member of the Magic Association, it was something that Luphist could not stop.

"Do it yourself. I'm going to the raw flower. I might be able to collect seeds. I'll handle the mercenary group. ”

"It's a pity about Jane.”

"...Not only she died. Contact me.”

When Luphist flew his body, Maylei also looked back at Shirone and bowed her head.

"I'll follow the chairman for now. Please come and find me when you become a resident of the Ivory Tower.”

As long as Maylei receives the trust of Terraphos, it was not a relationship that would end here.

"Okay. Take care of yourself, and see you next time.”

When Shirone was saying goodbye, Kuan staggered towards Lian.

"Hey.”

The moment Lian turned his head, Kuan, who had drawn his sword like a lightning bolt, swung it vertically.

The sword passed between Lian's eyebrows, making a wind sound.

"Do you understand?”

"...Yes.”

The afterimage of the flash containing numerous changes in one stroke was still left on the retina.

It was a technique that was difficult to imitate, but I could tell what Kuan wanted to say.

"Practice.”

It was a gift he gave to Lian, who had once been an instructor.

"Oh, thank you.”

Kuan turned his body without even answering, and Etelra said goodbye to Shirone, touching her shoulder.

"Well then, take care, Mr. Shirone.”

"Are you going back? Hey, I haven't paid the commission yet?”

Etelra smiled and shook her head.

"I didn't come for money. I've engraved the master's legacy in my heart, so it's okay.”

"Are you going back to school?”

"For now. But... I don't know yet.”

There was still hatred for Shagal, and it was questionable whether he could teach students in this state.

So everyone left, and only Lian and Kido were left by Shirone.

At the end of the awkward silence, Lian looked at Kido.

"Aren't you going?”

"Oh, me? I have to go...”

While the whole world was the stage of activity for humans, Kido, a goblin, was an Ain everywhere he went.

"If you don't have a destination in particular, do you want to go with us?”

Shirone's proposal made Kido's ears tingle, but he couldn't allow it because of his pride.

"Hmph, what to do by following humans...”

"Even so, you can't hide forever. Let's go together. It'll be fun.”

"Is, is that so?”

Lian also readily agreed.

"Yeah, let's fight La Enemy together. The more powerful allies, the better.”

Kido liked the word strong ally.

"Hehehe! Okay! Then let me lend you my power!”

Kido swung his spear and struck a cool pose.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]