


[668] Radum (3)

"Lemo!"

Yordick rushed to the fallen Lemo and shook his body.

He couldn't accept the fact that he, who had fought numerous battles as a war chariot guild member, had died just because of fear.

Above all, the guild members of Silver Ring and Blood Rose were still alive.

"Get up! What kind of embarrassing thing is this! Open your eyes quickly!"

Yordick, who couldn't contain his anger, suddenly hesitated and slowly began to back away.

As if gravity had disappeared, Lemo's corpse was standing straight up.

"This is......"

It was a world where something was severely twisted.

Realizing this, Yordick turned to Shironne and shouted.

"What happened! There was no such story!"

"Anyone can die. Didn't you join the mercenary group with that in mind from the beginning?"

Luphist's voice was still cold.

"Can die? Does this situation look like just death? No, why is the corpse standing?"

"Don't get excited. You'll die."

At Shironne's sharp words, Yordick closed his mouth.

Although there was actually a death, the most important thing was mind control.

"Chairman, please explain properly. We can't proceed with the mission in a state of non-persuasion."

At Shironne's words, Luphist took off his mask. It was time for the meaning of hiding his identity to disappear.

Jane also took off her mask and revealed her identity.

The fact that they were the chairman and secretary-general alone reduced the fear of the members a little.

"It's a kind of human trap. And in my opinion, this is a trap to catch only you."

Luphist pointed at Shironne and continued his words.

"La Enemy controls the past of humans through the memory of the five senses, but that method doesn't work for you. So they added one more step. They control the past of a specific person to create the present future, and make him control your past."

Jane added.

"The brain of the common sense is not a mental magic. Simply put, it's a way to perceive the world in a completely different way from the way you've felt so far."

The members who heard her words looked around with serious eyes at the rapidly changing scenery.

The fibrous buildings were pulsating like a heart, and blood was oozing out of the cracks.

The corpses were standing on their toes, candles were lit in front of the statues of big and small demons, and skulls were rolling on the floor.

"So what, has it been like this from the beginning? It's just that the senses didn't detect it?"

It was creepy to think that it was not the imagination of a madman, but the actual scenery changed by the change of the senses.

"The senses are everything."

When Luphist put his palm on the wall of muscle, dozens of tentacles sprang out of the fiber to swallow his arm.

He pulled his arm back before it was caught, feeling the actual heat and pulsation.

"Maybe our senses have come to feel the real world. The reason why the appearance of hell that appeared in many works is similar may also be the result of the six senses."

"Nonsense! It's not even certain! It's not helpful to create a horror atmosphere with strange ghost stories!"

"Don't turn away. It's a story. If a certain signal is directly plugged into the brain, Lemo's death can also be explained. From now on, suppress your emotions and think carefully. The moment you lose your reason, hell will swallow you."

Unlike the members who swallowed their saliva with tense faces, Meirei blocked her ears with a calm expression.

"I can't hear the voice."

Because her senses were already distorted, her hearing was also under the trap of the brain of common sense.

"Take out Nemesis. It's just a hindrance now."

When the core members opened the slot of Cubric, the ring that was on their fingers disappeared like magic.

Shironne gave instructions.

"First of all, survival, then escape. After searching the surroundings, secure a safe area. From there, we need to find a way out of here."
[Translated block]


The structure of Radum has changed, so this place was no longer the entrance.

The mercenary army that had reorganized the line began to move.

Looking at the terrible scenery, I could realize how vain the memories of the five senses I had felt while living so far were.

"Damn it. How did I get dragged here."

I felt more trapped because of the glass wall-like boundary of the atmosphere that disturbs the red sun.

"Stop. It's a ghoul."

Three ghouls were clinging to the wall and tearing their muscles, and their intestines were flowing down with their stomachs burst due to paralysis of the brain nerves.

At that time, when I thought it would be better to go crazy in this world, the ghouls turned their heads.

"Food... food..."

Before they could take a step, smelling the fresh human flesh, a scream came from around the corner.

"Ahhh! Save me!"

Then, countless ghouls began to rush towards us with the same terrified expression.

"Devil! The devil has appeared! Cough!"

The ghoul who shouted at the front could not overcome the fear and died with his eyes turned upside down.

"Captain! What are we going to do?"

When the swordsmen shouted with their weapons drawn, Shiro stepped forward and fired a photon cannon.

The photon cannon implemented through the spirit zone struck the ghouls with a clean flash just like before.

'It's done. The spirit zone is not distorted.'

The ghouls were cleaned up in an instant, but before I could feel relieved, the ground rumbled from the other side of the alley.

"What, what is it?"

They were giants about 2 meters tall, wearing black handkerchiefs on their faces, and had knife-shaped blades under their elbows.

The stomach was grotesquely bulging, and maggots were boiling from the suture marks that were simply nailed with iron.

"Ugh!"

Just looking at it caused vomiting, but Shiro only thought about the proportion of size and weight.

'The height is only about 2 meters and 20 centimeters. If the ground is ringing, it must weigh at least 1 ton?'

Mairei said.

"It's a galloper. It's a cook in the underworld."

Shiro's head turned sharply.

"Did you know?"

"No. This is my first time here too. But I've heard it through the trust."

The gallopers who found Shiro's mercenary group also looked at each other and had a conversation in an unknown language.

-Those guys, they seem to be able to see us. The border is disappearing these days.

-Anyway, those guys are weak. It's good for us.

'Here it comes!'

At the same time as Shiro felt it, the gallopers turned towards the mercenary group all at once and rushed in.

-Cooking ingredients!

As they approached, cutting off the ghouls, the structures began to vibrate rapidly as if their emotions were animated.

"Damn it! What is this again!"

A mass of tens of tons collided head-on with the mercenary group.

Etelra, who stabbed a blow into the abdomen while avoiding the blade, was able to grasp their strength in an instant.

'It's too hard?'

Whether the sensation was distorted or their durability really exceeded the limit of living things, it was a meaningless analysis in the midst of battle.

"Yahap!"

Pouring out a sharp spirit and pouring a continuous attack of Yin and Yang waves, the body weighing over 1 ton shook.

"Latra Me Dakapor (These guys are strong)!"

'Blow it up here!'

The moment Etelra's twin palms struck the abdomen, a powerful wave shook the inside of the galloper.

"Kuaaaa!"

The skin was bumpy for a moment, and the rotten intestines poured out as the side burst with a pop.

"Ooh."

Etelra, who was stroking her numb wrist and making a sick face, quickly looked around.

'What about the others?'

The core members were in a relatively open situation, but the rear was struggling.

As the durability of the galloper ignored common sense, the faces of the terrified members began to pale.

"Yahap!"

As the sharp spirit was poured out and the continuous attack of the Yin and Yang waves was poured, the body weighing over 1 ton shook.

"Latra Me Dakapor (These guys are strong)!"

'Blow it up here!'

The moment Etelra's twin palms struck the abdomen, a powerful wave shook the inside of the galloper.

"Kuaaaa!"

The skin was bumpy for a moment, and the rotten intestines poured out as the side burst with a pop.

"Ooh."

Etelra, who was stroking her numb wrist and making a sick face, quickly looked around.

'What about the others?'

The core members were in a relatively open situation, but the rear was struggling.

As the durability of the galloper ignored common sense, the faces of the terrified members began to pale.
[Translated block]


"No! Pull yourself together!"

The moment you succumb to fear, you die.

It was as if they were fighting with a mental cliff behind them.

"Fight! You can win!"

They tried to calm their minds, but their faces twisted grotesquely, and in the end, Toto, whose reason was paralyzed, wielded a spear and plunged into the enemy.

"Dieeeee!"

It was a blow struck with all their might, but the accuracy was low, and when the spear stuck in the strongest abdomen, the iron broke.

While staring at the broken spear with a blank expression, Galloper lifted his arm and swung down the kitchen knife.

"Ahhhh!"

At the same time, Lian blocked the falling kitchen knife with a straight sword as if sliding forward.

"Ugh!"

The expression distorted with the tremendous force transmitted, but without even a moment to care, they turned around and shouted.

"Get out of the way quickly!"

Where they looked back, Toto, who had already lost his life, was standing with his whites exposed.

"Patunga! Patunga!"

When they shouted with a voice that felt like their throat was filled with phlegm, the three around them simultaneously attacked the straight sword.

It felt like they had caught a lump of cotton.

"Push it out!"

As they lifted the straight sword with a transcendent force, Lian's knees began to slowly straighten.

"Patunga! Patunga!"

When they were pushed by the force, the surprised Gallopers used their other arms to swing down the kitchen knife.

Even in front of the shock that sparks were about to burst in their head, Lian did not give in and stomped on the ground with both legs.

"Bend!"

As the will of transcendence pushed in with the force of Mach, the bodies of the four Gallopers were simultaneously split horizontally.

"Poo!"

When they swung the straight sword past the vibrating corpse pile, the guts splattered out.

"This won't be easy."

Luphist, who had crushed Galloper's body with the magic of steel, opened his mouth as if answering Lian's words.

"I don't feel good. It's awkward to use area magic because our allies are densely populated."

"I don't know what it is, but the strange rule is the problem. The fact that you die if you are afraid of fear is rather increasing fear."

Luphist glanced and asked.

"You're not an exception, are you? This is hell."

Lian, who had been lost in thought looking at the red sky, spoke in a calm voice.

"……I thought I would go someday."

And again, they turned away with the straight sword and moved away from the battlefield.

"Everywhere people live is the same, huh."

Luphist, who had been watching Lian's back, turned his body to the other side and smirked.

"Well, that's true."

Thanks to the activities of the core members, they continued the tense battle, but the problem was elsewhere.

'They're not killing us.'

Shirone, who had avoided the kitchen knife with agile movements, frowned as she cut her throat.

'Winning is not enough.'

Two of the three deaths so far have died of inner fear.

"Lian! Retreat with the members!"

The fact that no one had left the front line was unusual in the hastily assembled team, but in reality, they could not escape.

'If your heart breaks, you die!'

Everyone was desperately holding on, and when Shirone's order fell, everyone turned around without anyone being the first.

'This is the captain's order! I'm not scared!'

As they retreated following Lian, Shirone blocked the alley alone.

"Captain! What are you doing!"

Baikon rattled his iron armor and shouted, but Shirone did not move at all and glared at the Gallopers.

'End it in one blow.'

A light like burning oil sprang from Shirone's body, and a huge angel of light spread its wings.

"What, what is that?"

Angel of Light - Angel's Punishment.

The line of light fell diagonally and completely penetrated the fibrous floor.
[Translated block]


"Such a...!"

It was solid enough for a person to step on, but it was like a sponge against the angel's punishment that was thrust at an incredible speed.

The feeling of defeat was only for a moment, and the shock wave from the underground caused the structures around to expand like balloons.

Kuuuuung!

The world seemed to overlap in two due to the tremendous vibration, and shock waves burst out from the walls around with blood.

"Kaaaaaaaa!"

Just by that, the bodies of the Gallopers, who boasted skin like steel, were torn like rat skins and sprawled on the floor.

'The structure absorbed the shock wave.'

Then, it would have been possible to apply wide-area magic within the range that does not harm our allies.

"Good?"
[Translated block]