


[401] Final Decision (1)

Shirone asked Flue, who handed her coffee, if she had any clothes to spare.

Flue said she had used them all on the way. Bandages, ropes, etc., there were many things that could be used in an emergency.

She changed into the clothes that Shirone gave her and told her what had happened while she was recovering her strength.

The reason why Gaold was not arrested was thanks to his distrust of humans, which was close to paranoia.

No, maybe it was because his desire was so desperate that he could not trust anything in the world.

This could be seen from the one rule that Gaold set when he started the project 20 years ago.

If any minor variables occurred, he would cancel all plans and monitor the situation.

Gando had left his seat at the Magic Association for about two hours for no reason.

In fact, it may have been nothing more than a personal matter that could happen to anyone.

But Gaold did not let it go, and he disbanded his guard while he also left the association.

But Wang Sung's response was much faster than expected, and most of the guards were arrested.

Only Gaold, Gangnan, and Flue managed to escape by relying on force, but the association's trackers also followed them persistently.

The place they arrived after being chased and chased was Gaold's alma mater, Alpheus Magic School.

Shirone looked at Flue with a pitiful expression. If what she said was true, it was a miracle that she arrived here alive.

"You've been through a lot."

Thanks to the intake of sugar, Flue's complexion improved quickly.

She stretched out her arm and activated the cubic, and a magic wand with a phoenix decoration was born in front of her palm.

"There wasn't a good place to hide, but it wasn't just because of that reason that I came here. The president wants to meet Alpheus. But the tracking is too severe, so he sent me. It doesn't matter if I get caught or die. Anyway, Shirone, I need your help."

If it was Gaold's skill, it would be difficult to track him in a normal way, but since there were many irregulars in the association, it was better not to reveal himself in case of an emergency.

"Where is the president now?"

Flue got off the bed and quickly swung her magic wand and threw it behind her back and headed for the door.

"I'll guide you. Of course, if you follow me."

There was a warning in Flue's words. It meant that if you want to get out of this situation, end it here.

"I want to hear his story first."

It is inefficient to risk your life on a vain hope.

He had been entangled with Gaold since he entered the association anyway. In this case, it was better to find a solution yourself than to cover your face under the blanket.

'You've trained desperately, Shirone.'

Shirone's temperament was different from three months ago. Just as life evolved in extreme environments, Shirone also grew in the fierce competition of the graduating class.

"Okay, let's listen to what the president has to say and judge for yourself. But if possible..."

Flue threw her wand behind her back and bowed.

"I hope you can help us."

It was something he could never say in front of Gaold. It was also the first gesture that treated Shirone as a magician.

"Let's go now."

Shirone postponed a definitive answer and opened the door.

The two people wearing raincoats climbed the mountain behind the building. It would be easy to cast magic, but there was a near 100 percent chance of being caught by Jonah.

Gaold was hiding on the other side of the mountain range surrounding the magic school. It wasn't far away in terms of distance, but by the time they arrived, it was already dawn.

Climbing a mountain on a rainy day is not a normal march, but Flue pulled up her raincoat hood and went into the cave without even breathing.

"President, I brought Shirone."

She brought Shirone in and went out of the cave again to guard against any possible trackers.

All I could see in the cave was darkness.

At the end of the darkness, flames flared up and Gaold appeared as if his face was floating.
[Translated block]


Gaold, who was leaning against the wall at the end of the cave, raised one leg and raised his hand with a smile.

"Hey, Shirone."

It was easy to guess how hard the escape life was just by looking at Flue's condition, but Gaold was as healthy as ever and his unique madness smile was still there.

"You look free."

"Kukuku, being unemployed is also tolerable. Well, I didn't do much work at the association either."

Gaold pointed to the front seat.

"Sit down. Even if I can't bring you tea, I have a lot of stories you'll like."

Shirone asked bluntly.

"How did you get caught?"

Gaold clenched his chin and closed his mouth like a clam. It was more of a feeling of shame than anger or resentment.

"Gando exposed my corruption. Of course, most of it was fabricated corruption. This time, even Adolf Wang thought he couldn't tolerate it. In fact, he put up with it for quite a long time. The problem is that most of my guards have been arrested or are currently being tracked down."

"Why didn't you anticipate Gando's betrayal? The chairman's guards are carefully selected people."

"That's a question like you. I definitely have nothing to say about that part. I was nicely caught. But thanks to that, it was easy to find out who was behind the scenes. There must be Theresa behind Gando."

"Theresa is..."

She is the queen of Kashan. She is also Wooin's mother and the leader of Valkyrie, whom I met in Kazra.

It was easy to guess how powerful Theresa was just by listing what I knew.

But I still couldn't figure out why Gando's betrayal was connected to her.

"You met Wooin in Kazra, right?"

"Yes. I received a lot of help. If it wasn't for her, I wouldn't be here right now."

"Hmm, you got help. Yeah, that's what you said. Kukuku."

Shirone made a dumbfounded expression. She saved my life, but what's so funny about that?

Gaold's laughter suddenly stopped.

"Theresa might be... Mitochondria Eve."

"Mitochondria, Eve?"

"People who know it except for the temple are very rare. Maybe the woman named Wooin you met is Theresa Yeohwang."

"Please speak in an understandable way."

Gaold explained about Mitochondria Eve.

Theresa can pass on her memories to her daughter through mitochondrial mutations. The timing of awakening memories is estimated to vary depending on the individual.

But if Wooin was already awakened at that time, it meant that Shirone met Theresa Yeohwang instead of Wooin.

"She has all the memories from human origin to the present through mitochondrial mutations. She sees through human nature through that vast database. To her, you are also a part of turning the wheel of history. The proof is what you are holding, the strongest object <Magic Sword Arman>."

Shirone touched Arman on her waist.

I expected it wouldn't be a simple favor, but I got goosebumps when I heard it. The most frightening thing was that even now that I realized Theresa's identity, I couldn't even guess what she meant by giving me this gift.

"Theresa's ability is not only that. As you know, we live in a strange world. Gepin Malso. In other words, it has already been reset and we are living our lives after the reset again. From here on out it's speculation, but Theresa is likely to still have memories from before the reset. Then it becomes possible to explain how Gando could enter my guard by breaking through my obsessive-compulsive management."

"He planted him from the moment he was born and foresaw today's incident."

If you understand quickly, there is no need to waste time. Gaold nodded honestly.

"I got caught properly. No human can predict that far. It's possible because she's Theresa."

It definitely made sense that even Gaold couldn't do anything about it.

In the end, all his limbs were cut off and the project he had planned for 20 years turned into bubbles.
[Translated block]


But because he had lost everything, there was only one thing that Gaold could choose.

"How much chance do we have left?"

Gaold goes to heaven. Even if he lost his guard, even if his plans that he had designed for more than half his life were gone, he would go. Because he was a person who would sacrifice the lives of all mankind and save the labyrinth.

Gaold leaned back and crossed his arms.

"There's nothing we can do as it is. But I didn't just play around for 20 years. It's not much of a last resort, but I haven't lost everything. Anyway, you're here too."

"I haven't said I'll help you yet."

"Kukuku! Kid, don't be so stubborn. The reason I told you my situation is to convince you of the orders I'm going to give you from now on. Just do me one favor and we'll part ways. Study hard and graduate."

Shirone was sure by his words.

He had no room to care about the well-being of a student at a point where he was fighting against the world.

"But you made me an offer, didn't you?"

One of Gaold's eyebrows went up.

It was a deal when everything was perfect, and more importantly, when he had a year to spare.

"Don't tell me you've found a way?"

"Not a way, but...."

"Hmm."

Gaold stroked his beard.

He wasn't a kid who would make an offer with a flimsy lie. But it didn't sound like he had really found something either.

"Okay, let me hear it. How are you going to destroy heaven?"

"Before that, promise me. If I meet the conditions, please share all the information you know with me. It's a matter of life and death for me. And the final decision to go to heaven should always be mine."

It was an unreasonable deal.

Gaold had to spill all the information that could endanger his life, while Shirone could back out at any time.

"Fine, let's hear it first."

Gaold readily agreed.

After all, negotiation is a process of finding a compromise between two selfish people. He would have been suspicious of Shirone if he had said something emotional.

He couldn't even say it was disadvantageous, because Shirone had attached the condition of 'if I meet the conditions'.

Of course, he would take any risk if there was a way to destroy heaven.

But even though he had given him a year's time, it was a job he had entrusted with the thought of breaking even at best. If it was a trivial method, he could just ignore it.

And probably with Shirone's current skills, the result would inevitably be the latter.

'It doesn't hurt to get some information anyway.'

That's what Gaold thought.

"Basically, it's magic using Ataraxia,"

"That's probably true."

Shirone explained the magic for 10 minutes.

Gaold didn't interrupt once. He just looked down at the ground and listened until the story was over.

"......That way, maybe, maybe we could destroy heaven or something...... Well......"

Shirone's voice faded away as there was no reaction from Gaold. As soon as he said it out loud, he realized how difficult it was to think of it in his head and lost his confidence.

Gaold didn't answer even after Shirone finished talking. He just kept reviewing, reviewing, and reviewing what he had just heard.

Shirone tried to say something more as he shrank further.

"But you said so yourself, if we find even a possibility......"

"Kuh."

A metallic sound came out of Gaold's mouth.

"Kukuku! Kukukuku! Kukukukukuku!"

He couldn't stop laughing even though he tried to suppress it. He finally couldn't stand it and dropped his head and burst into laughter.

"Kuhahahaha! Kuhahahahaha!"

The cave echoed with his laughter. Flue came in with a surprised expression. But seeing that there was nothing wrong with Gaold's body, he went back to his ironclad guard stance.
[Translated block]


Shirone stared blankly at Gaold. He couldn't tell what his smile meant.

Gaold glared at Shirone with a wide grin. His eyes burned brightly in the firelight.

"You...crazy...bastard."

It was the highest compliment Gaold could give to anyone.
[Translated block]