


[640] Departing People (3)

Nade doubted his own eyes.

No matter how he thought about it, there was no reason for Liz, who should be at the water weapon factory, to be here.

Of course, that was just Nade's thought, who had an emotional explosion, and Shiroe calmly grasped the situation.

"Oh, then shall we have another drink?"

"Wait a minute. There's something to go over. How much we suffered back then...!"

As Iruki swung his eyes open, Shiroe shouted as if to tackle him in.

"Then go talk and come back!"

Only after the door closed with a thud! Nade was finally able to accept reality.

"Why is Senior Liz here?"

There was only one reason to come here, but if asked why, she was a woman who couldn't dare to say it out loud.

"That's... well."

As expected, there was no situation where Nade would spread his arms and welcome her, and she, whose thoughts were twisted, spat out any words.

"I left like that at that time. I came to congratulate you. Congratulations on passing the graduation exam."

She tried to smile and said, but her expression and gestures were awkward.

"Thank you."

Although he thought that a new future might open, his already wounded heart did not easily open.

In front of Nade's closed door, Liz realized that she could no longer do anything.

How long has it been since she broke up with Oscar that she would knock on Nade's door?

"Well... have fun."

Nade grabbed Liz's wrist as she climbed the stairs.

"What if you leave like that?"

Liz shook her wrist as if she was about to cry.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come. I'll go."

"Ah, really!"

When Liz fell backwards as her heel caught on the stairs because Nade didn't let go of her hand until the end.

"Ugh!"

At the same time, Nade, who was pushed, hit his back against the basement wall, and Liz quickly turned around and saved his body.

"Are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?"

Nade, without answering, stared at Liz's wet eyes for a long time.

"Do you have to go?"

Liz, who shook her head with a thud, eventually couldn't hold back her tears and buried her face in Nade's arms.

"Am I a really bad person?"

"It's not. Oscar was the first to betray."

"But... no matter what, this is strange."

"That's true."

Nade grabbed Liz's shoulder and slowly pushed her away.

"So let's be weird just this once. I won't make you a weird woman again."

As if the war was over, a huge sense of relief swept over her, and Liz cried out loud.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Nade."

Sabina, who was looking down at Nade comforting Liz's back from the first floor, turned her body with a sad expression.

"Let's go. We have to train again from tomorrow."

"Yeah. Let's fight without thinking."

Following Sabina, Closer tapped her shoulder with a firm hand.

The graduation party continued until after midnight, and it was not until around 4 in the morning that it greeted the end.

Among the majority who fell on the table and passed out, Shiroe's group left the party hall in a drunken state.

Nade, who took Liz's hand and left the group, looked back at his friends and said.

"I'll take Senior Liz home. You guys go ahead."

Everyone knew that he wouldn't come back today, but no one said it out loud.

Anyway, since the graduation exam was over, it didn't matter what they did.

"Okay. See you tomorrow."

When Nade left with Liz, Seriel, who seemed to have realized something, hit Amy's back and said.

"Then I'll go back to the dorm."

It was Seriel who had booked a hotel in the city.

"At this time? Don't do that and sleep in my room and go."

'Anyway, it's a loyalty party...'

Although such a figure was lovely, at least today, it was appropriate to avoid the place as a friend.

"I'm fine. I have to go up early tomorrow. Anyway, I can see you at the graduation ceremony."
[Translated block]


"But it's dangerous to go alone......"

It didn't suit a certified wizard to say that the night road was dangerous, but emotionally it was a different matter.

"I'll take you."

As the sobered Iluki spoke, Seriel chimed in.

"That should do it. If it's Iluki, I can rest assured."

"......What do you mean?"

"Come on, come on, let's go! It's late."

As Seriel, who was pushing Iluki's back and moving away, suddenly turned around and winked.

"Amy, congratulations."

Amy, who knew the meaning of the wink, blushed, but it was already too late to argue.

The atmosphere became awkwardly tense as they were left alone, unlike usual, after their friends left.

"Shall we walk a bit? To sober up."

As expected, Shirone did not suggest going in right away, and Amy nodded her tense neck.

"Shall we?"

As the two of them walked through the garden, lost in thought, they sat side by side on a bench lit by crystal lamps.

"Ah, it's the last time I'm walking here."

"That's right. I've been running for today, but honestly, I didn't think this day would come."

Amy turned her head and asked.

"What are you going to do?"

"Huh? What?"

"You've gone too far in my opinion. You'll probably get scout offers from all over the world. The Kingdom of Thormia, are you leaving?"

The standard of choice would be future prospects, but what Amy really wanted to hear was the future between the two of them.

Knowing that it was a matter that could not be easily answered, Amy cast the first spell.

"I think I'm going to stay in Thormia. I'm going to prepare for the public for a year and apply for the Magic Corps."

The Carmis family was a first-class nobleman in Thormia, and it was difficult to accept an offer from another country in that position.

"But Shirone, I want you to do what you want. Even if you go to another country, we......"

"I'm not going."

"Huh?"

The scouts didn't know the inner thoughts of the party in question, but Amy had to be honest.

"If you stay in the kingdom, I'll stay too."

"Stupid. It's not a matter to decide so easily......"

"I like you, Amy."

Amy's heart started to beat wildly.

"I'm going to join the Thormia Kingdom Magic Association. And with you......"

Thinking it was premature to talk about the more distant future, Shirone smiled and asked.

"What do you think? If I stay in the Kingdom of Thormia to be with you."

"Stupid! Of course......!"

Is it reasonable to limit the future for love in the face of numerous possibilities?

But today, the head couldn't beat the heart.

"Good. I like you too, Shirone."

A thrilling thrill rushed in as the approval fell.

"Amy......"

Amy, who didn't have the courage to look at the slowly approaching Shirone, eventually closed her eyes tightly.

The emotions of the two were cautious as if walking on thin ice, but the feeling of their lips touching was too sudden.

Silence. Silence again.

The night that seemed to never end was passing.

* * *

The data from the graduation exam held simultaneously at the magic school under the Red Line was spreading to the magic associations of each country at a terrifying speed.

The infrastructure of the Red Line, which is based on the nation, is not an exaggeration to say that it wraps around the planet, so on the day of the graduation exam, the Black Line and the White Line also raised their antennae.

Some students will choose the Black Line, but entering the White Line was not a matter of choice.

It was literally the hall of intellect where the world's best wizards gathered, and they were the rulers of the magic world who didn't even look at them just by the name of genius.

Above the border line between the Kashan Empire and the Gustav Empire, there is an ice field that can be reached by crossing the ice sea.

People called it the Arctic, and in this place as cold as intellect, the Ivory Tower, called the cutting edge of magic, was built.
[Translated block]


No matter where in the world you start, it's the farthest place on the planet in terms of sensation, but it only took half a day for the graduation test data of the Red Line to arrive.

"Hmm, interesting."

An old man was walking in the middle of a wide corridor where you could only see that there was a wall far away.

Araka, the chief internal manager of the Ivory Tower.

At the age of 117 this year, he has never been outside since he became a resident of the Ivory Tower at the age of 16.

The Ivory Tower is a city with many people working, but only a few can go out.

In the tower, they are called stars, and it is customary to put the surname (Star) in front of the full name, and there are also people who work on a temporary basis by signing a separate agreement.

A typical example is Armin of the lighthouse, but considering that his magic is unique in the world, there are almost no such cases in history.

Therefore, the title of star is a trust from all the residents of the Ivory Tower, which cannot be compared with any power in the world, and it is a shackle that cannot escape the orbital period of wisdom.

Currently, there are 27 people in the Ivory Tower who have received the title of star, and they are solving superhuman problems around the world with their assistants called satellites.

The reason why kingdoms and even empires are wary of the power of a single tower is because all the residents are magicians walking on the cutting edge.

And today, Araka had a list of candidates to become a new star in the Ivory Tower.

"Great Star, I have something to report."

When Araka arrived at the elevator and spoke, the light wrapped around him and moved his body to the sky.

The Great Star lives at the top of the tower, but that tower was an artificial star that rotates just like a planet outside the atmosphere.

The universe is spread out outside the window, and if you look down, the continents of the planet are spreading out like a map.

Even if you are a newcomer, you will realize the meaning of scale just by coming here, but Araka went straight without turning his head.

When he arrived at the main gate of the Earth Temple, a man who seemed to have nothing but bones was floating in the air with his legs crossed.

"It's been a while, Mr. Araka. It's been 1,273 days. Is it time for a new star to rise?"

One of the five brightest stars in the Ivory Tower, the Buddha (the enlightened one) Mahagaruta.

"Great Star, a candidate for a star has appeared after a long time. Is the Great Star inside?"

"I don't know. But if you have permission to drill, why don't you go in and see?"

From Mahagaruta's twinkling eyes, light burst out and wrapped the world, and the scenery changed in an instant.

Earth Temple.

In this place surrounded by a hemispherical glass, you can forget that the Ivory Tower is rooted in humanity just by looking at the universe.

"What do you mean you came, Araka?"

The Great Star's figure was not visible, but Araka bowed to her voice.

"I have received data from graduates of magic schools around the world. I have selected 10 candidates who can receive the title of star, so please refer to it."

"What is there to refer to for those who are not yet mature? Just give the title of star to the most outstanding one. Did you come to find me for this?"

The Ivory Tower selects only the top prospects in the world, and it does not consider anything other than potential according to its sharp standards.

"Great Star, this time it's a little different."

"Ho?"

Araka raised his head and said.

"For the first time in the human world, a graduate with over 90 percent has appeared."

The wind seemed to blow, and the air gathered, and a woman in a white dress like snow appeared.

"90 percent."

The voice that came out in a voice was also clear.

Araka went on his knees and submitted the list.

"Please evaluate it yourself."

It was a list of the top 10 prospects in the current world.

1st place. La Enemy (19 years old): 98.7 percent.
[Translated block]


Special Note: Avatar Reincarnation.

2nd. Dahlia Nane (17 years old): 89.4 percent.

Special Note: None.

3rd. Jin Sung Eum (20 years old): 89.2 percent.

Special Note: Unlocker - Ether Wave.

4th. Arian Shirone (19 years old): 88.9 percent.

Special Note: Unlocker - God's Particle.

5th. Tona Jet (18 years old): 84.3 percent.

Special Note: None.

6th. Wena Wizard (4 years old): 79.1 percent.

Special Note: Innate Awakening.

7th. Galmoon Claude (25 years old): 78.8 percent.

Special Note: Non-standard Eater.

8th. Leven Priya (22 years old): 78.6 percent.

Special Note: None.

9th. Sky Wigo (20 years old): 78.5 percent.

Special Note: Unlocker - Scale.

10th. Mootal Trimone (19 years old): 74.2 percent.

Special Note: None.
[Translated block]