


[265] Kingdom of Kazra (2)

Even after arriving at school, Shirone and Reyna chatted and walked to their dormitory.

Shirone's face turned red at Reyna's teasing jokes. Reyna laughed even more, finding her cute.

The male students looked at Shirone with envious eyes.

Reyna was not only beautiful, but also a famous pianist who was idolized by the nobles.

Walking arm in arm with such a person, Shirone's status also seemed to rise.

Amy and Seriel stopped walking when they saw the two walking side by side to the dormitory.

They were also heading to the dormitory to meet Shirone, but they couldn't bring themselves to greet them when they saw the affectionate pair.

Reyna was Lian's sister, Amy knew that from hearing it. But the atmosphere was different from three days ago.

At first they were distant, but now they were so close that they were almost touching each other.

Seriel tapped Amy's shoulder excitedly.

"Oh my, oh my! Amy, do you see that? Are they really nothing more than friends?"

"How would I know? She's Lian's sister, so maybe they're close. Didn't they live together when she was a maid?"

"No, that's not it. I checked it out, and during the one year and six months that Shirone was a maid of the Ogent family, Reyna was studying as an apprentice of a famous pianist. They didn't have time to get close. But in such a short time, they became so close... Could it be?"

Amy pushed Seriel's back.

"Ugh, enough. Let's go."

She seemed to be very curious about their relationship, since she even did some background research.

Amy wasn't feeling good either. But Shirone's matter was more important right now, so she suppressed her emotions and followed behind.

The boys' dormitory was off-limits to girls, but the day Shirone left was an exception. The event that could lead to the birth of the first prince of Kazra kingdom was powerful enough to override the school rules.

A carriage of the Ogent family was waiting in front of the dormitory.

The teachers who were talking at the entrance nodded their heads indifferently when Amy and Seriel greeted them and continued their conversation.

Before they reached Shirone's room, they heard Reyna's laughter from inside. Amy felt a twinge in her chest, but pretended not to notice and moved on.

When they arrived at the room, Iruki and Nade were giggling and Shirone and Reyna were hugging and dancing.

They seemed to be practicing for the ball that would be held at the palace. It would be fine if that was all, but Amy felt a twist in her stomach when she saw Shirone's flushed face.

Shirone's dancing skills were awkward beyond measure.

Of course, it didn't make sense for the best magician candidate in the kingdom to have poor physical coordination. She was clearly stiffened by Reyna's tender gaze.

"Ah? A-Amy."

Shirone hurriedly broke away from Reyna's embrace when she saw Amy coming in.

Amy entered the room pretending not to know. She also saw the idiot duo of Nade and Iruki swallowing their saliva, but she ignored them cleanly.

Reyna smiled with her eyes and raised her hand.

"Oh my, Amy is here. Hi."

Amy greeted her politely but formally.

"Hello. Today is the day you leave, right?"

"Yeah. I was practicing with Shirone for the last time. She surprisingly has no talent for dancing."

Shirone protested with an aggrieved expression.

"No way. That's because I was too nervous...!"

Reyna covered her mouth and laughed.

"Hohoho! Nervous? Is it because you're practicing with me?"

Shirone couldn't speak and stuttered, making Amy boil with anger.

They were technically lovers even if it was a fake relationship. It would be normal for them to be considerate of each other even if it was just for show.

But Shirone clung to Reyna so much that she didn't seem to want to let go.&nbsp;

They seemed to have a special bond between them, but Amy didn't know what it was and didn't want to know either.


How did I do? Was my translation accurate and natural? Please let me know if you have any feedback or suggestions for improvement. Thank you for using Sydney as your AI assistant.
[Translated block]


```text
Amy folded her thoughts and asked Shirone.

"Are you ready?"

"Yeah. But I'm worried. I feel like I'm going to make a mistake."

"What do you have to worry about? They'll laugh off any minor mistakes."

Amy caught a glimpse of the tension that passed through Shirone's eyes for a brief moment.

She thought her head was frozen because she was distracted by Reyna, but she seemed to feel something to some extent.

On the surface, it was a matter of finding their biological parents, but if you think deeply, there were many strange aspects.

Reyna reassured Shirone by patting her shoulder.

"It'll be okay. There's no danger as long as Kazra Kingdom has announced it. Kazra is not a strong country compared to Torumia, and our family is not sitting idly by either."

It felt like the anxiety was gone just by talking.

Reyna was accurate in judging situations, well-informed about the kingdom's affairs, and knew well about the power relations between the royal and noble families.

If she took charge and led them, nothing strange would happen.

"Yes. I'll trust you, sister."

Shirone answered with a smile, and Reyna also stroked Shirone's head with a pleased face.

Then she looked at Amy as if she suddenly remembered something. As expected, her face was not good.

'I feel a little sorry.'

During the three-day preparation period, Reyna checked Shirone's acquaintances thoroughly.

She had good relationships with her friends and classmates, and especially Iruki and Nade were bound to be good companions for Shirone's life.

The problem was the relationship between Shirone and Amy.

They said they were lovers, but their conversations were not at all.

There is a unique intimacy that comes out when you are in love. But there was no such feeling from Shirone and Amy.

Yet they pretended to be fake lovers for a year.

Unless they were experts in balancing emotions, they would normally end up in one of two situations: tearing apart or sticking together.

Reyna had seen countless cases where they remained as ordinary friends as time passed in this way.

In the end, from her point of view, the two were nothing to each other.

Of course, there was a possibility that they could ignite and burn hotly at any time, but the probability was very low considering their personalities.

She felt like biting her tongue out of frustration, but when she thought they would really get together, she felt a surge of sympathy and wanted to help them.

Reyna realized that this was also a kind of jealousy, but she made an excuse for her thoughts that there was no need to worry if there were no competitors.

'Huhu, come to think of it, I'm not in a position to talk about others.'

Reyna checked the time and said to Shirone.

"Then let's go. We have to hurry if we want to greet our parents."

Amy intervened.

"Wait a minute. Let me talk to Shirone for a bit."

"Huh? Why don't you do it downstairs? It'll take time to fix the carriage anyway."

She knew the situation was not relaxed. But Amy had an answer she had to hear from Shirone.

"It'll only take a moment."

Amy asked for a short time without beating around the bush. Reyna blinked and said as if she had no choice.

"Then I'll go down first and get ready. Shirone, come down when you're done talking."

Reyna left and Nade and Iruki saluted sharply.

They seemed to have fallen for her completely, whether they did something like a fox or not.

Amy snorted with a nose fart and drove everyone out except Shirone.

Shirone packed her clothes in her backpack and slung one strap over her shoulder.

"I'll be back, Amy. Study well for the exam."

Amy cut to the chase.

"I think something is wrong. You know that too."

Shirone smiled bitterly.

"That's true but... I don't want to think about it. If they're really my parents, I feel like I shouldn't think that way."
```

Is there anything else you want me to do?
[Translated block]


I understood how Si-Ro-Ne felt. Everyone focused on the first prince of Kazra Kingdom, but for him, it was a journey to meet his bloodline.

It was a problem even if they were his real parents. They had abandoned their child. They had engraved an incurable wound on Si-Ro-Ne's heart.

"Are you really okay?"

"I don't know. Right now, nothing. I guess I'll find out when I get there, what I'll think. But so far, I don't want to make any judgments."

Sadness and anxiety rose on Si-Ro-Ne's face at the same time. Amy, who had been watching quietly, gathered her courage and spoke up.

"Do you want me to go with you?"

"Huh? What are you talking about?"

"I can help you a lot if I go with you. There's no class anyway."

Si-Ro-Ne felt a lump in his chest, but soon shook his head. He couldn't take away the most important time of Amy's life for his own selfishness.

"It's okay. I have Reina nuna."

Si-Ro-Ne was startled by the coldness he felt in Amy's eyes. Fortunately, that feeling disappeared quickly, but there was a thorn in her words.

"Okay, fine. Let's go now. That Reina nuna must be waiting."

Amy left the room without looking back. Si-Ro-Ne was still confused, but he was too troubled by his situation to look deeply into her mind.

Outside the dormitory, Reina was checking the luggage of the carriage one by one with a file in her hand.

Si-Ro-Ne exchanged farewell greetings with his friends who sent him off. It was only a 10-day schedule at most, but for some reason, he felt like it was the last time.

Nade said.

"Have a good trip. When you become king, you have to buy me a special large cream bread from the cafeteria."

"Haha! Okay. But when I come back, it'll be vacation."

Reina looked at Si-Ro-Ne talking with his friends with a warm smile.

Not only Rian, but Si-Ro-Ne had also changed a lot in a year.

Above all, the incident of defeating Dante, who was the best in the kingdom, was a great boast for the Ogent family.

Rian's eyes were not wrong.

And neither were hers.

As Reina looked at Si-Ro-Ne with affectionate emotions, Seriel became furious and clenched her fists.

"Si-Ro-Ne, I'm really disappointed. You should draw a line that makes men jealous at times like this."

As if to seek agreement, Seriel turned to Amy and was surprised.

Amy, who had been ignoring it until now, glared at Reina with her eyes wide open.

"Seriel, I'll be back."

Seriel's face turned pale. Of course, such talk had been going on, but she didn't expect her to make a decision.

"Amy, are you serious?"

Seriel's eyes quickly changed to worry.

The graduation exam will be held in two weeks. It was a situation where he had no time to pay attention to anything else.

"It's okay. There's no class anyway, and I'm just going on a trip abroad for a change of mood."

Seriel knew better than anyone that it wasn't true.

On the one hand, she envied Amy for being able to throw everything away in this situation.

If she decided to go anyway, she had to send her off with all her might. So that she wouldn't look back. So that she wouldn't leave any regrets.

Seriel pushed Amy's back and said.

"Go ahead. This sister gives you permission."

Amy added hastily.

"But, that doesn't mean I care about Reina! I'm just worried about Si-Ro-Ne......"

"Hohoho! I got it! Who cares what they say? Go and flatten their noses!"

With Seriel's cheer, Amy walked toward the carriage.&nbsp;

Then Si-Ro-Ne, who was just getting ready to leave, turned around and said goodbye.

"Amy, fighting! You have to pass. I'll do well too."

"Can you move?"

"Huh?"

Si-Ro-Ne didn't understand. Then Amy waved her hand sideways as if annoyed and said.

"Move it. Ladies first, don't you know?"

She pushed Si-Ro-Ne aside and climbed into the carriage. Reina looked dumbfounded. Whether she liked it or not, Amy bent her waist awkwardly and went in
[Translated block]


"Hello. Please take care on your way."

"Oh my, where are you going?"

Reina pretended not to know, even though she knew the medicine had gone up sharply. She didn't want to admit this situation with her own mouth, because nothing would change anyway.

"Yes, I think it's too risky to leave him alone. I have to take care of him."

Shirone opened the door of the carriage and leaned in his face.

"Amy! What happened? Are you really going?"

"That's why I got on. Hurry up and sit down. We don't have time."

Reina's chest burned like a fire.

Carmis Amy.

He seemed to be careful in everything, so it was fun to tease him, but now he looked like a hot-tempered person like Lian.

She regretted lighting a useless torch, but it was already spilled water.
[Translated block]