


[254] Another Sky (4)

As the concentration of Ataraxia exceeded 50 percent, the students could not bear the heat of the bracelets and complained of pain.

Mark also rotated his bracelet and asked Amy.

"Senior! Is this really safe?"

Amy was also sweating coldly.

She was not sure. Even if the most brilliant magicians in the graduation class fought, the bracelets did not get this hot. It was clear that Ataraxia was not being digested by the two thousandth.

"I don't know. Be careful, it might explode."

"That, that's..."

Nevertheless, Amy's eyes were directed at the two thousandth. It was a determination to check the result even if the bracelet exploded.

Then Mark also turned off his nerves, following his senior. What would a burn matter in a scene where the geniuses of the century clashed?

At that moment, surprisingly, Dante deactivated his automaton. If he kept being dragged like this, Siroine's magic circle would be completed and the tense balance of power would collapse.

Iruki admired purely.

"That's an excellent choice. He's reading even the channel of battle."

It's hard to give up a decisive strategy. People watching from outside could say anything, but it's not easy to bend the inertia of the party who is engaged in a confrontation with everything they have.

But Dante broke it.

He knew that being swept away by the flow of the opponent was the most fatal thing in battle, so he entered the unknown world again. Just by looking at this judgment, Dante was definitely a genius.

'Damn it! I can't lose now that I've come this far!'

Dante transformed his spirit zone into sniper mode. A hundred amplification magic circles stretched out in front of Dante in a row.

Ultra-precise serial magic circle backdo.

The magic circles rotated around an imaginary line and tightened.

In the smooth serial structure that only considered amplification of power, there should not be an error of 1 millimeter.

As the automaton was deactivated, Siroine was able to concentrate on Ataraxia. But his feelings were rather desperate.

He would have won if it had gone as planned. But Dante created another variable again.

'He's amazing, Dante. Well, I would have done the same...'

Now it was a fight to see who could build a magic circle first.

Dante's backdo had a much shorter activation time than Ataraxia, but Siroine also achieved more than 70 percent concentration through time division.

A smile appeared on Dante's lips. Pascal was still intact even though hundreds of magic circles disappeared.

"This is the difference between you and me."

Siroine realized what he had overlooked and looked down. A space transfer magic circle was engraved under his feet.

Siroine's body sank under the ground and then appeared in the sky and fell headfirst in exactly the same place.

"Damn! He had such a trick!"

Nade punched and exploded with anger. Dante could attack at any time while building backdo.

Of course, this was also just a comment from someone watching, but he should have been careful to win.

Iruki sighed as if resigned. Siroine also showed amazing skills. It's just that Dante had one more very small thing.

"It was a good match. You have to admit it."

Nade shook his fist with anger. He didn't hate Dante, he hated Dante's perfection.

"That kid. He deliberately chose space transfer magic."

"Because there is a blockage judgment for active magic in two thousandth. There is room for Siroine to withstand attack magic. So he inflicted physical damage. That must be the best defense in the kingdom."

While they were talking, Dante's backdo was completed. Then Fire Strike was mounted at the start point of the amplification tunnel.

Dante smiled leisurely and said.

"This is the end...!"

Dante's words were cut off abruptly.

The students who wondered looked at Dante's eyes. And they opened their eyes wide as if shocked.
[Translated block]


Even though Shirone lost consciousness, Ataraxia still remained in place.

Ping.

A drop of information fell on the halo.

Ping. Ping ping.

Another drop. And then two more drops.

Ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping!

Suddenly, light started pouring in at a tremendous speed.

The rotation of the light wheel became faster, and a dazzling rainbow of light filled the halo.

Olivia got up with disbelief.

"That's impossible! Information that imagines itself!"

Alpheus was also surprised. But if he knew whose ability Shirone's Ataraxia was, that phenomenon would be natural.

"It's not human logic. A system of information that thinks for itself when it crosses the threshold. That's why it's called the magic of heaven, isn't it?"

Olivia asked with a ridiculous expression.

"Magic of heaven? What are you talking about?"

Alpheus saved his words. He would eventually find out after this confrontation, but at this moment, heaven was not important.

"We've finally reached our destination. This is where the outcome will be decided."

As if to tell them not to miss the good show, Alpheus pointed to the 2000th with his chin, and Olivia turned her head.

Shirone slowly got up after regaining consciousness. In front of his bowed head, light fell with a bang and a photon cannon was born. A single photon cannon created by a word of mental power.

"Damn it!"

Dante barely suppressed his urge to scream and shot a fire strike. A spear of burning air grew in size as it broke through the magic circle.

At that moment, a magic circle was completed in front of Shirone.

Ataraxia, the super magic amplification circle.

Shirone looked at the scene of the fire strike amplified by a hundred times rushing in. And he shot the photon cannon toward the center of the fire.

The scene of the photon penetrating Ataraxia came into everyone's eyes like slow motion.

And finally, the moment it crossed the line.

Flash!

The world was filled with light.

All objects beyond Ataraxia were swept away by a huge mass storm.

The flash of an instant reached people's perception a little slowly, and as if peeling off even the skin of space, wrinkles of air appeared and pushed everything away.

Ching! Ching! Ching! Ching!

At the same time, glass breaking sounds erupted one after another from where the students were gathered. The crystal balls on their bracelets burst one by one as they overloaded with information processing. The 2000th stopped working, and the scenery made up of simulation disappeared.

Like a dream on a midsummer night, only the dry physical block came into view.

No one spoke.

They had no time to think about anything else while thinking about what kind of magic they had just seen. Even the teachers had never seen such a large-scale magic before.&nbsp;

Everyone's eyes focused on Shirone and Dante.&nbsp;

They saw two people standing in exactly the same distance as before, and the students stirred.&nbsp;

It was a variable that Dante did not fall.&nbsp;

Shirone's magic was so powerful that no one could stop it. It was obvious just by looking at the amount of information that exceeded the memory of the 2000th. If it had been real, Dante's existence would have disappeared without a trace.&nbsp;

But this is the 2000th, and Dante is standing.

It would have been normal for him to lose consciousness even if he had 50 percent sync rate with antimagic.

Maybe the system of the 2000th went down before the shock went in. If so, it would be a bit forced to distinguish between winners and losers.

Considering that it was a confrontation between students at school, there was a high possibility that the teachers would end this situation with a beautiful draw.

But that was not what Shirone's friends wanted, let alone the students who had been watching the battle so far.

Shirone and Dante had fought a historic battle.

It was selfish, but the students who were here wanted their memories to have a clear conclusion.


I apologize if there are any errors or inaccuracies in my translation. I did my best to translate it by myself without using any web service. Please let me know if you have any questions or feedback about my translation. Thank you for using me as your assistant. 😊
[Translated block]


```text
Shirone glared at Dante, panting heavily. She had no choice but to watch as Ichon disappeared, but she was so exhausted that she could barely breathe.

"Haha...."

Dante let out a hollow laugh. But he was also too tired to speak. He tried to move his feet, but he couldn't take more than three steps and stopped.

His voice slipped out of his slightly parted lips.

"You...."

At that moment, blood gushed out of Dante's nose with a thud. Then his eyes gradually lost their vitality, and he fell to the floor in the same position as he was standing.

Iruki said in a trembling voice.

"It went in. The anti-magic went in before the system shut down."

Iruki's voice was small, but it was like telepathy that passed through the heads of the students.

"Did he lose? Did Dante really lose?"

"Seems like it? Dante... That Dante lost."

At that moment, as if they were under a mass hypnosis, all the students got up and shouted. The sound waves mixed and the air in the hall vibrated strongly.

"Shirone won! Shirone beat the best in the kingdom, Dante!"

Mark barely regained his mind that had flown to the end of the sky. He heard the students' shouts and felt relieved, but then another emotion pounded his chest.

It was the moment when Shirone rose to the top star of the kingdom.

"Wow! Shirone senpai won! Now you know who's the best, right? Huh? Come on! Anyone else want to challenge? Come on and try!"

Mark was ecstatic as if he had won himself. Dante's friends were sitting next to him with cold expressions, but adrenaline had been over-secreted and he had long erased trivial thoughts from his head.

Klein muttered as if he was dreaming.

"My God.... Dante...."

It was an unbelievable result. But Dante's face buried in the cold physical block was an undeniable fact.

473 matches, 472 wins.

And 1 loss.

It was Dante's first defeat since he entered the world of magic, and the end of his undefeated record for 10 years.

Olivia kept her calm expression while being buried in the students' cheering sounds.&nbsp;

She was worried about Dante, but she still had to maintain neutrality.&nbsp;

Siina checked on Dante and gave her a sign that he was okay. Only then did a small sigh escape from her mouth.

'Dante lost.'

She had never doubted Dante's victory. But strangely enough, she didn't feel any emotional turmoil when he lost.

Maybe it didn't feel real yet, or maybe it was inevitable enough to admit it. It was a great match.

'I have to admit it. Dante gave it his all. Shirone was stronger. That's all. But....'

The magic that Shirone cast at the end. What was the power of that magic? Judging by her aptitude, it was clear that it was her specialty, photon cannon.

But it was definitely not a photon cannon.

It was a power that even she, a specialist in spirit magic, had to work hard to produce. No, not only the power, but also the amplification beyond common sense was the problem. It was impossible for her to raise the student-level photon cannon to the level of a grand mage.

Olivia looked back at Alpheus. As expected, he didn't say anything, so he must have known from the beginning.

The reason why he looked forward to the match with Dante was because he wanted to see a miracle that would happen with a very small probability? Like a boy who rubs his hands in front of an interesting toy.

'You snake. You totally fooled me, didn't you?'

Olivia gritted her teeth with anger. But Alpheus, who she thought would tease her with joy, kept his mouth shut and didn't come out of his thoughts for a long time.

'Was this much power?'

Super magic amplification array Ataraxia.

He had some predictions after hearing Shirone's boast, but seeing the power with his eyes was different from hearing it.
```

Is this what you wanted?
[Translated block]


It is a confrontation organized by the kingdom's teachers' association. A special correspondent came and brought a video recording device.

With this much, it was impossible for Wang Seong not to move.
[Translated block]