


[452] The Beginning of Change (4)

"You lost Tagis?"

Meatgun, who had always been confident in front of the captain, could not help but lower his head.

They had been attacked by the best of the Night Vision.

There were no traces of a fight at the scene of the battle he had personally inspected. They had been beaten one-sidedly.

Especially, more than half of them had signs of being killed in an instant on their bodies.

"That's what happened. I'm having the guys search for it right now."

Bang!

Frank Wine's fist crushed the metal table inward.

"You don't even know who it is? There must be an organization that knows the secret route among the ones who attacked Night Vision!"

"But there is no organization that can suppress my subordinates so easily on the mainland. Don't you know that?"

Frank Wine's fist hit Meatgun.

With a thud, the sound of bones colliding, his sturdy body slammed into the wall.

"But you were suppressed! Who is it? It would be better if you made up something even if you don't know."

Meatgun got up and wiped the blood on his lips.

If he didn't come to his senses quickly, he would probably die.

"The only thing I can guess is them. The ones who caught rank S prey every day."

"Are you talking about that guy Armin or something?"

They were the only suspects.

Their skills were outstanding, but the ability to kill their subordinates was extremely rare on the mainland.

But why? Wasn't Tagis on its way to the rebel headquarters anyway?

'Hmm, I'll have to go and see.'

Frank Wine put on his coat and said.

"I'm going to the first command."

Meatgun responded immediately.

"How many subordinates do you want to gather?"

"Subordinates? Do you think we can do it with them? Just you and me."

Meatgun's eyes changed.

It was a signal between the two who had crossed countless lines to settle in Hellfire.

"I understand."

Meatgun clenched his teeth and loosened his neck.

He didn't care if he got hit by Frank Wine for no reason, but he was also angry that some insignificant bastards had hit him in the back of his head.

* * *

The atmosphere at the first rebel command was tense, the most since Babel's invasion.

Commander Crud led Gauld and his party and greeted Frank Wine.

The rebel soldiers were fully armed and guarded him, but he walked in as if he had entered his own home.

"Hmm, do you live in a place like this? It's worse than I thought."

It was understandable, as half of the unit's facilities were destroyed by Babel's attack.

Crud skipped the details and asked for the main point.

"What happened? The scheduled time has already passed, but Tagis hasn't arrived yet."

"Why are you asking me? We sent it."

"Are you saying that now...!"

As Crud widened his eyes and tried to approach him, Sein tapped his shoulder.

"Wait. I'll do it."

Sein scanned Frank Wine with a cold gaze.

The leader of Night Vision.

He thought he was just a merchant on the mainland, but he had an extraordinary side to his energy.

"Did you say you sent Tagis a while ago?"

"We sent it. We did."

"But it hasn't arrived here?"

"Well. That's your problem, not mine."

Sein couldn't figure out why he was confident.

If he was going to cheat, he wouldn't have to risk his life and come here.

'He sent the goods, but they didn't arrive? Was it stolen?'

Sein realized Frank Wine's intention.

"Do you doubt us?"

"Doubt?"

Frank Wine's eyes flashed with a violent energy.

"Are you kidding me right now? Do you all want to die?"

"Ugh!"

As if poison had seeped into the air, Crud's lungs hurt and he stepped back.

The rebels aimed their arcs at him, but they couldn't muster up the courage to shoot. It was because they had a vague thought that they would die as soon as they pulled the trigger.
[Translated block]


"You'd better resign gracefully when I say it nicely. That's clearly your skill. Who are you?"

A thought flashed through Sein's mind.

'They finally moved.'

Yamang's skills were said to be the best even in the mainland.

If they lost their subordinates and used their energy to come here, it meant that the thieves' skills were not ordinary.

"Let's go to a quiet place first."

Sein entered the command center and sat Frankwine down and said.

"I want to hear what the situation was like at the time."

Meatgun tilted his head.

If Tagis, which was poured out with a huge amount of minerals and elixirs, disappeared, it was natural to go crazy and somehow make up for the loss by putting a dumpling on it.

But the man in front of him was curious about the process of stealing rather than the goods.

Frankwine sent a signal with his arms crossed and Meatgun finally started explaining.

Of course, all he could say was the state of the corpses left after all the situations were over.

But it was enough information for Sein.

About ten bodies cut by sharp things. One body that was completely blown up and turned into ashes.

And that one was the leader.

'Metal Roche, Vibration Tarvan. It's Cage B team.'

Roche and Tarvan were not as long as Cage A team, but they were comrades since childhood and the most powerful dealers and elders of Cage B team.

Frankwine caught on and quickly spoke up.

"You seem to know something, then it's unfair for us. First of all, about the goods...."

"I don't care about Tagis."

Frankwine frowned at Gaold's words.

"Don't care? What do you mean?"

"I mean, I won't hold you responsible for that anymore."

Gaold pushed Sein aside and sat down instead. Frankwine's eyes scanned him from head to toe.

'This guy is in a different dimension of power.'

Everyone here was a big shot, but Gaold had a different temperament.

War? No, he was someone who had fought more than that.

Like himself.

"What do you mean you won't hold me responsible...."

Gaold cut him off.

"Instead, I have a request. There's something you have to find for me. You can do it if you're the biggest community in the mainland."

"Find? What?"

Gaold opened his mouth.

It was a short word, but it was enough to make Frankwine frown.

"Kukuku."

Frankwine's shoulders shook.

"You son of a bitch, who do you think you're fooling!"

Kwaang!

He kicked the table and got up and swung his fist at Gaold.

Of course, Gaold wasn't going to take it lying down.

Sironne and his party were flustered by the sudden action, but Meatgun waited for it and ran with both fists raised.

Etella blocked him, and a quick exchange of punches followed.

Etella's fist aimed at his side and Meatgun blocked it with his elbow.

Kuuung!

The vibration of Yin-Yang Wave Fist spread over Meatgun's body like water.

'Vibration?'

Meatgun collided with the wall in a pushed position.

But Etella couldn't hit him any more. The same kind of shock was spreading over his body.

'What is this?'

"Annoying...."

As Gaold made an irritated expression and tried to cast magic, Etella shouted.

"No! That person is...."

A powerful air press crushed the command center.

All the machines on the ground were flattened and Frankwine and Meatgun's waists bent over.

'Mirror Cycle.'

The next moment, all the pressure acting on space was applied to Gaold.

Kukukukukukung!

As his standing position collapsed into a hemispherical shape, Gaold felt his power for the first time in his body.

"Kukuku, I still have a long way to go."

Gaold grinned with a wrinkled nose and laughed. Silence flowed in the command center.

Frankwine and Meatgun were surprised by Gaold's intactness, and the others saw Gaold being shocked for the first time.
[Translated block]


Sein turned his gaze to Meatgun.

'He uses a strange ability. It's not a reflection of shock, but a feeling of bouncing off the event itself.'

He thought of the irregular style first, but he couldn't find any special activation conditions with his iron wheel.

They were also only guessing that they came from another world.

"Hoo, this is original...."

Meatgun walked out, rubbing his fist, when his face cracked.

He rubbed his cheek as if he couldn't believe it, and Frankwine looked at Gold again.

'The mirror cycle is broken? He's a very dangerous guy.'

Meatgun was not someone who had many opponents in the original world.

As he thought that far, his angry anger subsided and the merchant's brain began to turn again.

"Okay, I'll find it for you. But we have conditions on our side."

Gold nodded obediently.

He didn't have time to fight with the likes of night blindness.

"Tell me."

"Second Military Command, Laysis' facility. Hand it over to us. You won't need it anyway since it's gone."

"Okay. As long as you find it properly."

Frankwine snorted and turned around.

Squeak. Squeak.

More cracks appeared on Meatgun's face, which moved his facial muscles back and forth, and soon the cracks healed.

When the two left, Sein asked.

"Gold, what are you thinking? It wasn't in the original plan."

"I heard the wind in Niflheim."

Gold said so and turned around.

If Miro was caught in the Great World War, it might be too late to go back.

Gold's clock was running faster than anyone else.

* * *

That night.

At the place where everyone gathered, Gold said.

"I'm going somewhere for a while. I'll break in as soon as Tagis is supported. Be prepared for everything."

Plu asked.

"Where are you going? If it's a mission, take a team member...."

Gold shook his head. It was something only he had to do, and no one could interfere.

"I'll be back by tomorrow. Keep the house well, you bastards."

When Gold disappeared into the darkness, Shirone asked Sein.

"Are you going to find Tagis?"

"Probably. If Hel's words are true, Miro's life is precarious. He knows he can't delay any longer."

"But how do you know where to look?"

"Gold doesn't need to look. They'll find Gold themselves."

Sein looked around the river with an uncomfortable expression.

"He raised his sense of pain to a million times?"

"Yes. The power I saw was that much."

"It's dangerous."

"I think so too. If even a little...."

"No, that's not what I meant. What I meant was dangerous was his mental state. His sense of pain limit has increased and his power has increased significantly since he came to heaven. And now he knows where Miro is. He may not be showing it, but he's probably out of his mind."

Gangnan said.

"Should we track him down now?"

"It's impossible. He's annoying, but there's no way we can follow him like that. We have no choice but to leave him alone."

Shirone looked at the darkness where Gold had gone. He had a bad feeling.

"I've always wondered, what happened between Chairman Hyup and Miro?"

That was a pure question, but everyone pricked their ears.

It was a story that only Sein and Gold and Miro knew.

Sein looked up at the sky.

It seemed like tonight would be a long night for Gold to come back.

"It's not something to talk about here. Let's move."
[Translated block]