


Tribe of Darkness (3)

A man in a fedora wearing glasses looked around for the last time at the back door of the blood bank.

The man, who looked just like the impression he had heard from the gang leader, was named Tempest.

He was of the Almas rank, just like the vampire who attacked the Bark family.

When Lian was watching from the corner, the man passed through the wall without opening the door.

'Is it confirmed to be a vampire.'

Lian, who stayed in his place for about a minute, slowly moved his steps towards the back door.

'It's tricky.'

Lian didn't have a key.

Lian, who gently grabbed the handle of the steel door, gradually increased the strength of his arm.

"Huh."

With a creak, the door opened as the iron twisted.

'Did you hear?'

He gently pushed the door and checked the inside, but he didn't feel any signs of life.

Relying on the sense honed by experience, he entered and the corridor stretched to the end of the building.

Only some of the crystal lights were on, and as he followed the dark corridor, he saw a light in the distance.

'Blood refrigerator.'

He read the sign and looked in from outside the door, and the specially treated blood packs were stored by type.

As the vampire turned towards the door, Lian quickly leaned against the wall.

'I won't get caught.'

Speed is not the only measure of strength.

'There was no sign.'

Lian's stalking was so slow that it didn't even disturb the flow of air, which was quite a level.

'I'm not the best yet.'

He wasn't satisfied with his level, but it was enough to deceive the enemy.

When Tempest opened the lid of the iron box, there were neatly stacked blood packs.

He scanned with his eyes and started moving the packs one by one into the bag next to him.

"What are you up to?"

Finally, Lian turned his body and stood in front of the door, and Tempest's action stopped abruptly.

But soon he regained his calm and continued his work without even looking back.

"You're the one who interfered with the masker."

It would be the name of the vampire who attacked the Bark family, and then the conclusion was one.

"Are you also Almas?"

"Call me Tempest. I've been around for quite a while. Of course, in the dark."

"I have no intention of getting involved in vampire society."

Lian clenched the great sword behind his back.

"But you can't harm humans. If you surrender quietly, you won't be in a bad shape."

"Harm?"

Tempest smirked.

"Just as humans eat something, we thirst for blood to live. If you express it with disgust, it's like a mosquito. Humans kill mosquitoes, but they don't feel guilty about it."

Lian, who had clashed with numerous beliefs while crossing the desert.

'It's always like this.'

There were very few cases where he could find the answer, and the result was always the winner's share.

"I don't want to think complicatedly. You killed a human and you're going to kill, so I'm going to arrest you."

"Is that so?"

He finished packing the blood in the bag and turned his body.

"Do you know where you are?"

"Blood bank."

"That's right."

Tempest's pupils contracted vertically.

"How are you going to catch me?"

As he threw the remaining blood pack in the box at Lian, he moved as fast as teleportation.

When Lian's sword split the pack, the blood splattered horizontally along the trajectory of the sword.

'I won't miss.'

If there were no obstructions, even if it was Almas rank, it was a step below Lian.

The great sword drew a flash of light, and Tempest's left arm was torn off with a thud.

"Kuee!"

Tempest finally realized the seriousness of the situation.

'It's a strange sword.'

Vampires, half-spiritual and half-physical, have a 50% immunity to physical attacks.

But the sword that Lian swung did not pass through the magic.

"But......!"
[Translated block]
As soon as he bit into the blood pack, Tempest's lips were stained red as blood gushed out.

"Powerful regeneration!"

From the severed arm, the mucous-like blood bubbled and quickly regenerated the body.

"I am invincible here!"

As Tempest bravely advanced, the interior of the refrigerator was turned upside down.

'It's annoying.'

Lian had severed Tempest several times, but the body that sucked blood did not know how to break.

'Geez! Is he really human?'

On the other hand, Tempest was also feeling the words of the masker that Lian was not human.

'I need to retreat for now.'

As Tempest's body, which had turned into black smoke, was sucked towards the door.

'Now!'

Lian, who had charged with the power of acting, stabbed the great sword into the center of the only remaining torso.

"Kuaaaa!"

As Tempest's smoke regained its physical form, it was pinned to the wall with its heart pierced.

"If you block the blood circulation, regeneration is impossible."

"Kkkk."

Tempest grabbed the great sword with both hands.

"But you can't kill me. Because I have plenty of blood, try it all night."

A voice came from outside the door.

"What about this?"

Something was stuck in Tempest's neck with a pick sound.

"Kuk! This is... a small syringe.

"What?"

When Lian turned his head, a middle-aged gentleman with a long mustache came in with a medical bag.

"Don't move. If you pull out the sword, the heart will beat again."

The middle-aged gentleman who warned so cleared the blood pack on the table and opened the bag.

While he was mixing three drugs on the spot and sucking it into a syringe, two figures entered the warehouse.

It was a giant man and a silver-haired woman.

Lian paid attention to the fact that the woman's hair was silver.

"It's done. Now all you have to do is inject...

As the middle-aged gentleman approached, removing the oxygen from the syringe, Tempest seemed to realize and shouted.

"Hunter?"

Then he kicked violently.

"No! Not that!"

He couldn't put strength because his heart stopped.

"Vampire special blood coagulant. It only takes 5 minutes to detoxify, but it's enough in this state."

"You guys! Let me go! I'll kill you! I'll suck all your blood!"

"Now, now! Be quiet. The pain is tremendous."

When the middle-aged gentleman stabbed the syringe into the collarbone area with a rough touch, Tempest screamed.

"Kuaaaaa!"

When the injection was injected, a noticeable change occurred.

'It's disappearing.'

The purple blood vessels rose like a net on Tempest's pale skin, and as the skin became spongy, it fell off like keratin.

"Kuaaaa...

Then, as if it had been cooked, the whole body was burnt and turned into ashes and fell to the floor. The giant man who followed the middle-aged gentleman into the warehouse looked at Lian with a huge gun on his shoulder.

"By the way, what are you? How did you know and come in here?"

Before he could answer, the silver-haired woman raised her sword and charged.

"Get out of the way. I have to kill."

Lian, who activated the acting, quickly retreated, and his colleagues also watched with their eyes wide open.

"What? Why is the movement like that?"

The silver-haired woman pointed her sword.

"He's a vampire. Kill him."

Lian roughly figured out the situation.

'The situation is complicated.'

Certainly, acting resembled the movement of a vampire, and above all, she was the one who confirmed Lian's death.

"I'm misunderstood. I'm human."

"Nonsense!"

The silver-haired woman ran on the wall, and the giant man pointed his gun forward.

"Is this it?"

At the same time as the sound of a gun firing, Lian raised his arm to block it.

The beads were embedded in the muscles with a thud.

"Kuk!"

"He blocked it with his body?"

At that sight, the giant man lowered his gun, and the woman who had been running on the wall also landed in the middle.
[Translated block]
"Ugh!"

As Smiley grunted, the orb fell to the ground with a clink.

It was made of silver.

"What? Are you resisting?"

If hit by a silver bullet, even a diamond-class regeneration would be unable to recover for a few minutes.

"It doesn't affect me. Because I'm human."

The burly man shook his head.

"No, if you were human, you'd be dead by now." The middle-aged gentleman who had been surveying the outside returned and signaled his colleagues.

"Let's get out of here. The 'Kidney' is coming."

Lian frowned.

"Kidney? The royal guard?"

He had heard that it took time to mobilize the mobile unit.

'There's something I don't know.'

The giant pointed at Lian with his thumb.

"What about this guy?"

The silver-haired woman approached Lian closely.

"He's not a vampire?"

"As you can see... well, I can't prove it, but I hate drinking blood."

Even to her eyes, Lian's face was much more lively than yesterday when his heart had stopped.

"Jenia, are you misunderstanding? If he's a vampire, you should feel the wavelength."

The silver-haired woman, Jenia, bit her lip.

"That's the problem. I don't feel it."

The middle-aged gentleman concluded.

"So he's human. Are you going to take him with you? Things will get complicated if we get involved with the royal side."

Although they were vampire hunters, they didn't exactly use legal methods.

Jenia turned to Lian.

"If you're really innocent, follow us. We can find out at headquarters."

"Alright."

Lian had no intention of staying here.

"But, if it turns out you're a vampire...

As she crossed the threshold, Jenia spoke coldly.

"I'll kill you myself."

The royal guard had surrounded the blood bank.

"The door is broken!"

"Go in! Wipe out the vampires!"

Ten minutes later, a soldier who had inspected the interior came to the third captain of the Kidney.

"We found traces of a vampire. But... it had already turned to ash and disappeared."

"Damn it! Is it a hunter again?"

"How do they know and find it first?? This operation was perfectly confidential."

"I don't know. There's also a rumor that it's another vampire. Anyway, let's withdraw. The blood bank will be closed for a while."

"Yes!"

From a building 100 meters away, Lian was watching the blood bank.

'It was a secret operation.'

He could imagine Benoff throwing a fit tomorrow morning.

The middle-aged gentleman asked.

"You don't seem to be a royal person, where did you hear about the blood bank?"

"Just, here and there."

It didn't seem necessary to explain the reason in detail.

"We're hunters. Known as the Genocide team. Shall we say the last vampire hunters left in Rodenin?"

'Genocide.'

The team name was meaningful.

"I'm Catein, a drug expert. This big guy is the gunner, Power. And Jenia, the leader of Genocide."

Jenia, with her silver hair cut short, had a sharp impression with a pointed chin and thin eyebrows.

"Hmm, we don't even know what you are yet," Catein interrupted.

"What's your name?"

"Lian. Agent Lian."

Jenia looked back at Lian with a surprised expression.

"The Knight of Maha?"

In such cases, it was convenient to have a known name.

"It seems to be called that."

There was a rumor that every swordsman had heard at least once since the demons appeared.

A single swordsman was crossing the desert alone, cutting down demons. A story like a myth.

'This man...

He was much younger than she had imagined.

"But!"

Jenia's voice trembled.

"You were hit by a blow! Your heart couldn't have held up. No, you definitely weren't breathing...

"It's a long story." At least it wasn't a story to tell until dawn.
[Translated block]
"First, don't go back. Let's leave it to Dr. Grain."

He should have been able to give an answer if he studied the abnormal phenomenon of creatures.

Genia turned around with a grunt.

"Follow me. I'll introduce you to the hideout."
[Translated block]