


[730] Physical (3)

* * *

10 minutes before Lian realized the sword.

As Shiro moved aside, Sung-eum's finger pointed at the empty air.

The embarrassed girl slowly lowered her arm.

"Are you going first?"

Although it was said that there was no collision with nothing, Shiro was clearly in front of Sung-eum.

"No, you're running away. You're trying to nullify it like this when you realize you can't beat me."

Sung-eum, who turned to Shiro, pointed at Shiro's forehead with a more determined gesture.

"I'm one step ahead of you. If you admit the fact, admit defeat obediently."

Shiro thought for a moment and bowed his head.

"I lost. You are above me."

"No!"

Sung-eum was angry.

"That's not what I want!"

What Sung-eum thought of as victory, the highest place, was not this feeling.

"Aren't you upset? You are now being robbed of the position of the world's best magician. If you give up so easily, why did you run all the way here?"

'What did you do your best for?'

Now it seemed to know.

"Just......"

Shiro put both hands on his chest.

"To become who I am now."

"......"

Sung-eum was dizzy.

"I bet my life, fought and fought hard to get here, but......"

In fact, I didn't want to fight.

"Fight with you, or raise the car score. Why? Just by stepping back one step......"

Shiro was happy.

"No one is unhappy. Maybe we could be good friends. If you give me one step."

"One step...... give?"

Sung-eum imagined walking side by side with Shiro.

'No.'

Next to Shiro is Moon Kyung, next to Moon Kyung is the warriors of Sambo, and next to them is all mankind holding hands......

"No!"

It was an imagination that denied Sung-eum's life.

"It can't be that easy! Someone will try to use it! Someone will try to prove it by stepping on you!"

It is impossible to love the whole.

"Yes. It doesn't mean I'm running away. Rather, I will be more proactive in the fight. But no longer......"

Shiro's skin became more transparent.

"I don't want to fight for an illusion that doesn't exist."

"Illusion? Illusion?"

What have you been fighting for so far?

"Let's fight together. For everyone's happiness, not an illusion. You can do it."

-You can't collide with nothing.

Finally, the words of the inspection pierced the curtain of the brain.

'Together. Everyone together......'

Sung-eum, who was staring at Shiro's outstretched hand, slowly moved his arm.

'If you just hold this hand......'

It's a very easy thing to do.

'It's equal.'

That thought blocked Sung-eum's heart.

"I refuse, idealist."

Shiro's words were right in that everyone dreams, but they were unrealistic in that no one can do it.

"Don't mistake me for giving you a look. I will walk my own way. If the world needs to be saved, this Jin Sung-eum can do it. That's the highest mission."

Moon Kyung clenched both fists.

'You are great, Princess!'

When I gave him a look, I was anxious, but it was indeed the noblest bloodline of the Jincheon Empire.

'Go like that. Without looking back, head for the highest place.'

Sung-eum turned coldly.

"Let's go. There is no enemy here either. I will enter the last remaining labyrinth and suppress Nane."

Then a tearing sound was heard outside Andre.

"What?"

The warriors of Sambo turned their bodies at the same time.

"There seems to be someone outside. Shall we check?"

Moon Kyung couldn't give instructions.

'This is the sound of a sword.'
[Translated block]


The fact that can be known because it is a master among masters is that it was swung at a speed beyond imagination.

"Huh? What?"

Ziggs, who felt heavy immediately after hearing the sound, took out Imir's tooth from his pocket.

"Hey, this……."

Strangely enough, it felt heavier than before.

"Ugh!"

Eventually, it became so heavy that it couldn't be lifted by human strength, and Ziggs fell down with his shoulder dislocated.

"Sa, save me! This, this!"

He screamed with the back of his hand on the floor, but no one from Sambo could approach.

With a groan, Ziggs' five fingers were all broken and entangled in Imir's teeth.

Groan. Groan.

At that time, when Ziggs couldn't even groan at the heinous sight of the twist starting from his hand spreading all over his body.

Hundreds of bones broke and stuck to Imir's teeth.

The lump of flesh that was only the size of a human body continued to be compressed, and the sound of waves was heard through the ether of the vocal cord.

"Step back! It's a gravity wave!"

We still don't know the real meaning of gravity.

'A mass that can crush a person?'

To the existence of the five senses, gravity is converted into mass, but Anke, who dreamed of space early, defined it like this.

-How fiercely does it exist?

"It's waking up! We have to avoid it!"

Before Imir's combat instinct woke up, it was just one tooth.

"Shut up! I never run away!"

The presence of the body radiating as the spirit integrating 10 billion humans awakens is...

"Princess! It's Imir!"

It is nailed to space-time with a strong presence that does not shake any waves of the universe.

"Who woke me up?"

The regeneration that started from the tooth formed a face, and the body was quickly regenerated along the shoulder line.

"That, that thing..."

Even the vocal cord worried about the vocal cord was captivated by the figure of the one appearing in the myth.

Almost 3 meters tall with wide shoulders.

With a sturdy lower jaw, he was bending his arms as thick as a log along a thicker neck line.

The king of giants, Imir (tooth).

Although the gravity wave disappeared as the body regenerated, it felt like the surrounding space was rippling just by existing.

"What, who are you guys?"

Even though there were two candidates for the Ivory Tower, Imir looked around as if he was not interested.

"Where is this? Why did I wake up?"

Although it is part of the main body, it is not perfect, so the memory engraved on the body was fragmentary.

When Imir took a step, the ceiling rumbled.

"Hmm."

Among the Sambo warriors who were distancing themselves, Imir looked at Shiro and the vocal cord alternately.

"It's okay. But they're boring."

Since it was a tooth that fell off from the main body a long time ago, Imir's brain had no memory of Shiro.

"Are you Imir?"

The first to move was Jin Seong-eum.

"Indeed, it is worthy of the title of king. It's a solid figure. I heard that you absorbed 10 billion people..."

Imir's face was horribly crumpled.

"The next word will change your life."

If you don't bring up what you don't want to hear, Imir was willing to fall asleep obediently.

"Can those 10 billion people kneel before me?"

"Hehehe."

Imir's eyes turned upside down and his fighting spirit rose, causing dust to fall from the ceiling of the labyrinth.

"You're wrong."

The Sambo warriors jumped out.

"Kill! Protect the princess!"

Although it was as fast as lightning, which was worthy of the empire's top elite, the moment Imir's eyes met, he realized.

'It's breaking.'

The mind first crushed the head of Sambo.

Super transcendence-heart right.

Then, when Imir's fist swung in all directions, the faces of the 18 Sambo people burst like watermelons.

"Hahahaha!"

Among the 18 warriors who fell without a face, there was only one who was not hit by Imir's heart.
[Translated block]


"I'm going to kill you!"

It was Daeseok, the captain of the Sambo unit.

"Good reaction for a change?"

As Imir laughed heartily and raised his fist towards him, Daeseok bent his upper body with all his strength.

'I didn't get hit!'

The fact that his heart was still intact was proof.

'Right in front of my eyes...!'

At that moment, when he measured the distance with superhuman vision and raised his sword, Imir's fist stopped with a bang.

"Ugh!"

With a tremendous gust of wind, Daeseok's facial skin was peeled off.

"Ahhhh!"

All his hair was plucked out, his eyeballs burst, and his ears were torn off.

Ahhhh.

When the scream finally stopped, there was a skeleton kneeling in front of Imir, its skin gone.

"Da, Daeseok...."

Mungyeong couldn't accept his miserable end, who had a similar skill level to her.

"My body is quite stiff."

As if everything up to now was a warm-up, Imir rotated his shoulders and looked back at Sung-eum.

"One person."

Sung-eum's shoulders trembled.

'A physical body?'

Wasn't it the mind that made humans, creatures, great?

"Princess, please step aside. I will stop him."

Mungyeong, who accepted Daeseok's death, blocked Sung-eum's three steps and raised her sword.

"Run away."

Shirone said.

"There's no need to make more sacrifices. You can run away. Get out of here now."

"So it was all talk?"

Sung-eum narrowed her eyes and shot back.

"Is the promise to fight only limited to opponents you can win against? And then ask me to give you a step?"

"I'll stop it."

Even if the 19,000 Shirone were left out, she couldn't leave because Rian and Kido were still there.

"This is my labyrinth. Take your subordinates and retreat."

To be honest, even with Sung-eum's ability, it was uncertain whether she could escape from Imir.

"I brought that giant. It's my responsibility."

Sung-eum passed Mungyeong and approached Imir.

"I'll take responsibility."

"No! If you approach...."

Before Shirone's words were finished, Imir jumped up and slammed the ground.

With a thud, the ground collapsed, and Imir's body rushed towards Sung-eum at a terrifying speed.

Ether Wave - Extreme.

As the ether vibrated, space began to push out like waves centered on her.

"Princess....!"

Mungyeong's voice flew to the end of the world.

"Hahaha!"

Imir's laughter crushed it.

'How?'

If the vibration of space is expressed as a torrent, Imir's presence was fierce like a rock splitting the torrent.

'Push it out!'

Listening to the sound of gravity waves spreading from Imir's body, Sung-eum bit her lip.

"You use a strange technique."

Imir's voice floated around near and far like a rubber band.

"It's the kind I hate the most."

The amplitude of the vibration is the end of the world.

The moment she made eye contact with the foremost of Imir, who was shaking immeasurably.

Sung-eum realized.

'I got hit.'

The heart hits first.

'I can't avoid it.'

In the time when the moment was stretched to the extreme, Imir's fist slowly flew towards her forehead.

Sung-eum's body couldn't function in any way against the highest blow that a creature could reach.

'Am I dying?'

That was all she could think of in a short moment, and finally, when Imir's fist pierced Sung-eum's forehead.

'Shivolsangpokmae!'

Shirone, who counteracted the space wave with a time wave, approached with a backflow of ether waves.

'You too?'

In a situation where everyone was crossing the iron wall, Sung-eum's pride collapsed and she expanded the immortal function to the extreme.

Ether Wave - Super Extreme.

Shirone was far away again, but Imir was still holding his place.

The fist that seemed to be pushed but not pushed came towards Sung-eum again, pushing the atmosphere all at once.
[Translated block]


"It's the end."

At that moment, when the ego of the vowel was about to shatter into pieces in the infinitely expanding consciousness.

The seesaw of time began to regain its horizontality.

"How?"

In the ether spreading at the speed of light, there was someone coming back at a tremendous speed.

"That's impossible...!"

Now, the head of the vowel was faster than Imir's fist, and she saw Shiro-ne, who spread the black and white magic circle in her eyes.

"Valhalla Action!"

What Shiro-ne, who pulled all 19,000 people's time and reversed the cause and effect, jumped over.

"......,"

It was a step of the real vowel.

"I did it! I caught it!"

At the same time as throwing the body by grabbing the waist of the vowel, Imir's fist swept through the air.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwakwang!

The wind pressure pushed all the ground and advanced, and a bang sound exploded deep in the cave.

Imir's face was horribly crumpled.

"Krrrrrr!"

The heart fist was broken.
[Translated block]