


[652] The Air of Life (1)

"Oh, how...!"

Austin is a veteran.

He has completed countless requests over 30 years and is still active, which was proof of that.

Although he hasn't had any great adventures, disgusting and repulsive things are often hidden behind the curtain of ordinary life.

If his life were compiled into a book, ordinary people would dismiss it as a diary of a madman or a pornographic novel, but the things he experienced were definitely real, and he hardly reacted to anything ordinary.

For example, even if a friend of 10 years stabbed him with a knife for no reason, he wouldn't doubt it and would cut off his neck with a dagger hidden in his sleeve.

'A monster?'

When Austin saw hundreds of eyeballs popping out of Shiro's robe, he felt his heart beating fast for the first time in a long time.

His ribs hurt, and unfamiliar nerve activity confused his brain, causing him to feel dizzy.

"Kuh! What is this...!"

When the thieves of the Spear and Death, who were squirming on the floor, flailed their arms and stood up, Shiro realized that they were not ordinary.

'They move in an anti-thesis state?'

Although he had split his power into hundreds of pieces and radiated it, it was normal for the thieves in his common sense to not be able to move a finger.

"Over there! Kill that guy!"

More spear soldiers jumped down from the opposite mountain slope.

Just by looking at the height of the jump, one could tell that they were masters of the schema.

Austin lit a flame in his hand and shouted.

"Be careful! It's the Spear and Death Thieves!"

Composed only of spear soldiers, they were combat elites who were secretly trained by the Thorumia National Intelligence Agency and became a ghost unit due to diplomatic issues, and transformed into thieves out of anger.

"Block those eyes!"

As befits a soldier's way of thinking that values results, they found a solution and desperately overcame the anti-thesis, building a human barrier.

When the rear forces poked their spears and inserted their spears between the gaps of their colleagues, 20 spears crossed like the bars of a carriage and penetrated Shiro.

'Geez, it's over.'

At the same time as Austin, who had already left his position, thought so, a huge curtain of light exploded from where the spear soldiers were gathered.

"Uaaaaa!"

The bodies of the spear soldiers caught in the multiple light explosions twisted like animals, and Shiro, who was still stuck in place, lowered the center of his body and giant wings of light fluttered from both shoulders.

"Shoot! Shoot them all!"

Shiro's gaze targeted the thieves of the Ear of the Earth floating in the sky.

They were people who had various combat methods using the terrain and natural features of the Earth Mountain Range, and the magic bullets fired from the sky were definitely threatening.

When the magic bullets rained down like rain and the mountain path was destroyed and the explosion completely covered the landscape, Shiro fluttered his wings of light and flew up.

"Shoot! Shoot! Shoot!"

When the leader of the Ear of the Earth poured fire towards the flying Shiro, dozens of magic bullets rushed in.

When he fluttered his wings of light forward and stopped, the magic bullets exploded in the middle of the almost solid wind pressure.

"That, that...!"

The aftermath of the wind even shook the hang glider, and then dozens of photon cannons stretched out like lightning.

Puff! Puff puff puff!

With the force of a steel ball being hammered in, the thieves died before they hit the ground, and it took less than a minute for the force of 60 to be annihilated.

"What kind of magic is that?"

Austin, who was blankly staring at the aerial battle where the flashes were pouring, suddenly felt his feet floating.

Then, he felt the claws of the beast-like Beast Leopard thieves running around.

When he turned around, he realized that Lian was running with his waist held and stumbled.

"Let me down! I have to fight too..."

"Stay still. It's not that level."

The movement of the Beast Leopard, who had nested in the harsh terrain of the Earth Mountain Range, was animalistic and fatal to a wizard.
[Translated block]


Lian swung the great sword with one hand, and every time the air split with a whoosh, the sound of flesh and bone being severed intervened.

"Kill! Don't miss!"

He was a beast predator leaping in an arc like a cat, but Lian retreated with a movement that ignored inertia and took down the enemies in front of him one by one.

When he retreated 100 meters, the scene of the beast predator thieves' corpses lined up long was revealed.

The overwhelming difference in ability made all the battles look easy, and Austin was eerie at the result that ignored the science of numbers.

'This is just a massacre.'

"Woah!"

At the huge shout that seemed to burst the eardrums, when Austin raised his head sharply, the vice-captain of the Red Sword Thieves, Alphas, was rushing in swinging a large axe.

'This guy is different.'

A traditional style that fights with only the ability of the schema without relying on miscellaneous skills.

When Lian stood up the great sword and took a blow, Alphas roared again and rushed in like a rhinoceros.

"Stick to it all!"

Then, when 10 members stuck to Alphas' back and pushed, the arm holding the great sword bent and Lian's two legs dragged on the ground.

"Huh!"

When the charge ended, it was pushed back as much as 20 meters.

'What kind of kid is this?'

Alphas looked at Lian, who was supporting the weight of 11 people without even leaning on a fulcrum, in wonder.

'It's not human strength.'

Alphas, who had never been behind in strength, did not even have a rebellious mind to admit the difference.

When Austin showed signs of casting magic, Alphas' gaze targeted him.

"Kuk!"

Eye skill pressing.

It was definitely a powerful force worthy of the vice-captain of the Kingdom's three major thieves, and a tense confrontation of strength took place in that state.

"Push! Keep pushing!"

When someone shouted, the members activated the schema's folding technique.

When the base schema is folded in half, the strength jumps twice, and an enormous force rushed in.

"Kuuuuuu!"

Lian was in pain, but Austin was scared.

'Damn it! How is he holding on?'

The fact that was finally realized was that it might not be strength.

'Push it out.'

As the will of transcendence dominated Lian's body, the arm began to stretch little by little.

At the sight of Lian pushing out the bodies of 11 people with only one arm, a chill ran down his spine.

'Bend!'

There was a sound of the teeth of the large axe breaking with a pop.

And finally, Lian's sword began to slowly descend, splitting the axe blade.

Alphas screamed in his head.

'It's impossibleeeeeee!'

Is it physically possible to bend the blade in a state where the weapons are facing each other?

'No, why is my axe only being cut?'

If it's the same strength, Lian's sword should also lose its teeth.

As the great sword slowly cut the axe and approached, Alphas was dazed.

When death was in front of him, all senses opened and the illusion that could never be seen with the eyes began to be reconstructed through the senses.

'It's not splitting the axe.'

Lian's figure disappeared and a world spread out endlessly was seen.

That world was splitting left and right and rushing in at a tremendous speed.

'The world is splitting.'

Transcendence - Absolute Strength.

"......Ma."

When the great sword had split more than half and entered, the division of the world rushed in front of him, and Alphas shouted in a breathless voice.

"Don't push, you idiots!"

Mach.

When he saw the world splitting in two with a huge will, Alphas' body was actually split in two.

When the great sword fell to the ground with a thud, two more members were split.

When Lian, who dropped Austin, held the great sword with both hands and drew a diagonal line, the remaining eight turned into pieces at the same time.

"Hoo."

At the sight of Lian catching his breath, Austin's face turned pale.

"Who, who on earth are you?"
[Translated block]


"Even if I had answered that it was a ghost, I would have nodded, but Lian just watched the battle between Shirone and the Red Sword Thieves with his great sword on his shoulder.

'It's over.'

The magician banker was lying down in large letters without a face, and only the leader Cold Park was fighting with a sword.

"What kind of wizard is...!"

Can you dodge Schema's sword so flexibly?

When the nervous system strengthened by Armand and Kuzen's metabolism were added, Cold Park's sword couldn't even touch Shirone's clothes.

Although the remnants surrounded him, Shirone had already left his seat.

As the photon cannon compressed through magic amplification in Shirone's right hand spinning and retreating, a sphere of light the size of a human body was born.

When he swung his arm towards the side of the Thieves' Guild where the blood was gone, a thick flash flew and hit the ground.

Kwaaaaaaaang!

The vibration was transmitted through the ground, and there was no one standing where the fragments flew.

"Now! Attack!"

The Blood Lord Thieves, who had been watching the battle from the cliff, aimed at Shirone with the seven wizards and 48 archers who made them.

The arrow, which is twice as heavy as average, first stuck to the ground, and the wizards reached out towards Shirone flying in the sky.

"That, what is that?"

The magic of fire and cold, which was burning, weakened before it was shot at the figure of a giant angel blooming from Shirone's body.

Fire God Technique-Angel's Punishment.

"Shoot! I'm telling you to shoot, you idiots!"

The Blood Lord leader gave instructions, but the arm of the angel holding a huge spear swung faster.

"Ah......"

Austin saw it clearly.

A flash of light that was the most vivid and then scattered like dust.

Peeeeeeeeeeeeeeung!

He lost his mind in the roar and didn't think for a while.

And when he regained his senses, he realized that a cliff that had just been in front of him had disappeared completely.

There must have been those who fled, but 90% of the more than 300 thieves remained here as corpses.

'Am I dreaming?'

The 30 years of experience that had only survived for survival did not accept this moment as reality.

The Red Sword Thieves were one of the three major thieves in the kingdom, and the Ear of the Earth, the Beast Hunter, the Spear and Death, and the Blood Lord Thieves were also A-class criminals in the capital.

Is it possible to annihilate five giant thieves with just two people?

-Austin, have you ever seen a great wizard?

It was no coincidence that Estera's voice suddenly came up.

'No, you're wrong.'

The great wizard he actually confirmed exceeded her imagination.

'Estera, we made a mistake. There's no way to hold that boy.'

Unless you dedicate the whole guild.

While Austin was thinking about it, Lian approached Shirone and leaned on his shoulder.

"Shirone, are you okay?"

"Yeah. I'm fine."

Shirone looked around at the scattered corpses.

He should have been used to it every time he fought, but the question of 'why?' did not stop.

"It's a tremendous destructive power. It's different from Ichonbeon."

Shirone checked the place where the angel's punishment was stuck.

Pulling up the fire god and throwing the spear of light was too easy for him.

"They clearly targeted me."

The spearman said it was 6 billion gold.

"It seems that information about Armand has spread. If I had known in advance, I could have avoided the battle."

He didn't think about the people they had hurt so far and the people they would hurt in the future.

As always, Shirone believed that humans do not have the right to judge humans.

Because the qualifications and the necessary things are completely different concepts.

"I have something to talk about for a moment."

When Shirone and Lian turned around, Austin took out a piece of paper from his pocket and said.

"It seems that my mission is over here."
[Translated block]