
How is my translation? Did I capture the meaning and tone of the original text well?
[Translated block]


```
-What for? Even if it's a dark magic enhancement method, you can't do it right away.

-No. Master must have known that there was a caretaker in Inggris. But he only left a serial number, which means it might not be what we were looking for.

-I see. Alright. But the number is complicated, so it will take time to find it.

Habist, who disappeared into Canis's shadow, was absorbed by the darkness and escaped to another place.

"Alright, let's make a deal."

As Canis said as if he gave up, the caretaker's face brightened up in an instant.

"Good choice! Then who? Who do you want me to extend your lifespan?"

"No. It's Cadum again."

"Oh, really? I don't know who he is, but he's very lucky."

"Instead... this time, don't extend it, but restore it to the original. You can do that in Inggris, right?"

The caretaker blinked his eyes as if he was dumbfounded.

He had never seen anyone who asked him to restore his lifespan instead of extending it.

A wicked smile appeared on his lips.

"This is interesting. Did something happen?"

Canis replied with the same smile.

The chief of Kergo tribe, Cadum, was starving his tribesmen to death for his immortality. Canis, who knew the pain of hunger well, did not like him.

He was a human who had lived for 300 more years with the money he had ripped off from the tribesmen.

He should be grateful that he didn't kill him right here and restored his lifespan to the original.

"Okay, okay. I like this kind of thing."

The caretaker tapped the central control device frantically.

Canis pretended to show his favor and watched what she was doing. He was not good at machines, but it would be helpful to see it once.

"There, I did it. I restored his lifespan to the original. Of course, there is some difference depending on the person. They accept time differently. But this person probably won't live long. If you subtract 300 years, he's almost reaching the biological limit."

"I don't care. He lived enough."

"Hohoho! He lived a lot for a human. Well then...."

Canis stepped back in surprise. The caretaker's eyes had changed in an instant.

He expected it to some extent, but he felt goosebumps when he saw his mental state changing rapidly. He hoped Habist would move faster.

"Contract completed! Then shall I take away your words?"

"Kuk!"

Canis felt a headache and frowned. He didn't know what kind of ability it was, but it was an irregularity.

The problem was not the price, but the contract.

If it was an irregularity made by a mutual contract between them, it would not violate the equivalent exchange even if it was impossible to cancel.

"Damn! Didn't I decide the words?"

"Hehe! Of course you did! I'm just testing you. Huh? It's okay. What words do you have? Oh, this is good. This too! I like them all so much!"

As he watched the caretaker scream with an ecstatic expression, Canis corrected his mistake.

He was not a little crazy. He had an obsession similar to that of a nerd who was crazy about numbers.

-Habist, are you still far away?

-Wait! I found the second item.

The second serial number meant that there was still a long way to go.

Canis intended to buy time with magic.

But the magic did not activate. She deleted whatever concept he came up with.

'Damn. So this was his ability.'

The caretaker's irregularity 'Head Editor' could edit the thoughts of the contracted party at will.

The ability that the caretaker cast on Canis was 'Recommendation', which edited his thoughts and suggested something.

He could regain his original thoughts by activating the right of refusal, but the short time when logical thinking was impossible was fatal in battle.

"How is it? Are you confused? Eye. Anger. Colleague. Focus. What else should I edit?"
```
[Translated block]


```
"Damn it!"

Canis clenched his teeth to keep his thoughts from slipping away. Every time a word escaped, the language structure associated with it collapsed, leaving a hollow feeling in one side of his head.

"Ha ha ha! Did you realize now? How important a word is? 200 years ago, that human sold me the word 'mosquito'! He hated it or whatever! Do you know what happened to him?"

-Havist!

-Almost there! The last item!

Canis couldn't regain his senses.

Even if he exercised his right of refusal, his consciousness would fly away in the mess that he had made.

The manager grabbed Canis's neck and lifted him up, satisfied enough.

She looked weak, but her grip was stronger than a taboo.

"That human went crazy after having nightmares about mosquitoes for a few days. Can you imagine? He saw them in his dreams, but he didn't know what they were. Any human would go insane if they couldn't endure that. Ha ha ha!"

Canis realized how distorted history could be.

It wasn't a fair trade? They lost their comrades. The value of a word was ultimately life.

"Scam...mer..."

"Oh? You're saying that when you had your own secrets."

The manager turned her head while holding Canis's neck.

The panels where Havist had swept through were all missing. He probably searched the panels for words he didn't know and tried to sell them.

"Heh, you used your head well. But that's impossible. The only words you can sell are those that have meaning assigned to them. I explained that to you earlier. You have no learning ability, do you?"

Canis's face turned pale. His blood wasn't reaching his brain.

"Well, how about you give up and relax? Or do you want to die here?"

-Ha, Havist...

-I found it! Canis!

Havist touched the records written on the glass panel.

He felt the world through vibrations, so the sentences on the panel seeped into his mind through his mental channel.

Canis's half-turned eyes regained their place.

"Good, hand over the word."

"Heh, you made a good choice. Now, what word will it be?"

'Recommendation' was a powerful ability. But the real fear was in 'coercion'.

It was activated by contract and permanently took away the word suggested by the opponent, and its aftermath was directly linked to life.

The manager waited for Canis's answer with madness in her eyes.

She knew she was crazy, but she had to give up one word in this situation.

It was the most thrilling moment for her.

"Yu..."

The manager's brow slightly furrowed. She didn't like words that started with yu.

"Yu. Re. Ka."

Canis fell to the floor immediately. He lifted his head as he gasped for air, holding his neck. The manager was trembling with a pale face.

"You... how did you know my name..."

What was recorded on the panel of serial numbers left by Arcane had nothing to do with dark magic.

It was Mara's epic.

Among them, it was a record related to Eureka, the manager of Inggris.

Eureka wasn't crazy from the beginning.

Rather, she was a decent Mara who went into the minds of intellectuals and edited their thoughts to help them come up with ideas.

Maybe thousands of years of loneliness made her this way.

"No, no! It can't end like this! I was almost there! I could have become a god! Call me! Tell me who I am!"

Canis had known Eureka and then forgotten her.

In the end, this situation was impossible because Eureka existed when she shouldn't have existed, so she had to disappear according to the law of causality.

"No! Just a little more! I could have done it! Tell me! Tell me who I am!"

"I'm sorry but..."

Canis said with a faint smile.

"I don't know who you are."

Shock filled Eureka's eyes. Her pupils flipped over and a scream filled with despair ran along Inggris's wall.
```
[Translated block]


As Eureka disappeared, the irregular form was released and Canis was able to regain his concept.

"Phew, I really can't do this anymore."

Canis collapsed. He would have gone to the other world if Habist had found the information a little later.

Oh, was this the other world?

"Canis, are you okay?"

"Yeah, more or less. I'll recover my mental power if I rest a little."

Ingris, who lost his master, was cold.

Canis looked at the place where Eureka had disappeared. Loneliness was also a painful word for him.

Habist spoke as if he represented that feeling.

"It must have been lonely. To rot in a place like this for tens of thousands of years."

"Mara said they only reset. Maybe they can live a better life in their next life."

After a silence like a meditation, Habist said.

"But Canis, there's one thing I have to tell you. As soon as I encountered the word Eureka, some of Arcane's memories came back to life. It seems that it was some kind of keyword."

Canis got up with a start, as if he realized something.
[Translated block]