


[798] Complex (3)

As soon as I entered the waiting room, the events I had already experienced began to happen sequentially.

"I'm sorry, it's because of me. Your story came up while I was talking with Rangi yesterday......"

Berone's prediction was correct.

'He's saying exactly the same thing without a single mistake.'

Humans cannot change the future.

The gears of the law that operate this world were so precisely meshed.

'In fact, a world where even the nuances of words are determined by law. I understand why Wuorin considers Habitz dangerous.'

If it were chaos, it would show a different reaction every time.

'What should I do now.'

Rangi approached.

"I think I'll feel relieved if you're here. I told him honestly."

Shirone, who nodded his head, moved his steps to Miss Yakma, Elf's Laura.

"Hello?"

He was thinking of checking the reaction first.

Laura turned her head with a blank face.

'Of course. She must be in a hypnotic state.'

The memory of the terrible murder committed by the terrorist, the main culprit, made my teeth chatter.

"It's 20 minutes before the competition."

As soon as the staff's words fell, Laura exuded a creepy murderous intent without even a chance to try something.

'Oh my gosh!'

Just by saying hello, the terrorist's psychology was so extreme and sensitive that it triggered an irregular meal.

'I have to kill her!'

When I rang the realm of Yahweh and cast Wind Cutter, Laura's neck fell off and a fountain of blood spurted out.

"Kyaaaaaaa!"

The participants screamed, and Pony made a dumbfounded expression at the unexpected situation.

"What are you doing now!"

Shirone stared at Laura's face.

"Cough!"

As soon as the hypnosis was released, she made a shocked expression and died sticking out her tongue.

'I killed the main body. Is it a one-armed monk's job.'

Mortasinger, who had already received the baptism of time vibration, had taken out insurance.

'If you kill me, I'll kill the hostage,' he declared. Then I can't do anything.'

I have to turn back time again.

'Checking the reaction won't work. If you don't approach in a different way...:

Then the door opened and the security team rushed in.

"What, what is this?"

Justin opened his eyes wide, and Marsha looked at Shirone as if she couldn't understand.

"......Did you kill her?"

Shirone did not make excuses.

"Yes."

"Why?"

What about asking Marsha for help?

'Not yet.'

Time Vibration shakes other people's time as well.

'That's resonance.'

But this time it was better to be alone.

'If you resonate Marsha's sister's time...'

You will be trapped in an endless cycle of time with Shirone until the desired result comes out.

'Ten times? I can stand it a hundred times.'

But what about a thousand times, ten thousand times?

'Someday she'll go crazy.'

A life where one hour repeats tens of thousands of times was unbearable unless it was a wizard of infinity.

"I can't tell you right now."

As the participants hurriedly covered their bodies, the security team grabbed Shirone and dragged him out.

The competition was canceled with 20 minutes left.

"Tell me! What the hell is going on!"

Sitting in the empty audience seat, Shirone counted the time in his head without answering.

'5 minutes 39 seconds. 38 seconds. 37 seconds.'

Although it was impossible to arrest the star of the Ivory Tower, the security team was still surrounding him.

"I'll try it properly now."

Shirone raised his head when he realized it was time.

"What do you mean by doing it properly?"

Up to here is plus 30 minutes.

"See you again, sister."

As soon as the words ended, the timeline bounced back towards minus 30 minutes.

"Ouch! Damn it!"

Although the head was dizzy due to the fluctuation of the timeline, Shirone did not fall down now.

'Entrance to the competition hall.'
[Translated block]


It was 30 minutes before the terror attack.

'The one-armed monk will be near the waiting room. The terrorist kills the hostage as soon as he dies.'

If it was a level that could not be detected even by the realm of Yahweh, it must have been a capability close to nothing.

'Therefore, if the terrorist does not die, there is a possibility that the one-armed monk will not receive external information.'

Shirone ran to the waiting room.

'If you can cut exactly at the boundary between the terrorist and Miss Yakuma, you can save the hostage.'

When Shirone, who had made the decision, opened the door, the participants set off paper firecrackers.

"Surprise!"

Ignoring everyone, Shirone who rushed in put a wind cutter under Lora's neck.

"Cough!"

The terrorist died instantly, followed by Lora's death.

'The time it takes to grasp is 1.43 seconds.'

It was enough time.

"Kyaaaaaa!"

At the sound of the women's screams, the security team rushed in and Shirone sat in the empty audience seats.

"Tell me! What the hell is going on!"

Shirone looked up at Marsha and said,

"See you again, sister."

The third round.

"Surprise!"

The terrorist died again this time.

'No one should die.'

Shirone can catch plus or minus 0.3 centimeters, and must accurately divide the boundary within it.

The 17th round.

"Surprise!"

Blood spurted from the terrorist's neck like a fountain.

The 68th round.

"Surp......"

No longer surprising, Shirone activated the wind cutter behind the surprise greeting.

'It's over.'

So far, if the one who died was a terrorist, this time Miss Yakuma's neck was cut.

'There is a boundary between them.'

It was just that it couldn't be confirmed with the naked eye, but if you go into the microscope, there must be a gap larger than an atom.

Marsha always said the same thing.

"Tell me! What the hell is going on!"

"......"

Without answering, time flowed backwards.

The 287th round.

After about 287 hours of cutting people's necks, Shirone's mind was dazed.

'I found 0.6 centimeters, but it's too hard to cut it exactly.'

As there are 1,000 0.0001 centimeters in 0.1 centimeters, the attempt continues without knowing the scale.

"It's 20 minutes before the competition."

I felt the murderous intent of the terrorist, and the participants started to change clothes and make jokes.

"Hohohi, how about it? It's not a big deal when you see it? But you've had a good look, so you have to keep it until the end of the competition?"

The situation that I have seen dozens of times by repeating 1 hour no longer gave any excitement.

"Miss Lora."

When Shirone reached out and spoke, a murderous intent sprang from Lora's body.

'Wind cutter.'

The body and face were separated exactly, but it was not distinguishable at all to the naked eye.

"I found it."

It was exactly 0.3736 centimeters.

'The hostage didn't die.'

Hye-ga didn't feel anything, and the body of the mortisinger floundered as if it was surprised.

'I can't stop it anyway.'

The terrorist destroyed Lora's face at the same time as the wind cutter cut the torso.

Marsha shouted from the empty audience seats.

"Tell me! What the hell is going on!"

"Sister."

Regression occurred, and for the first time, Shirone resonated her timeline with her.

"Let's go together."

The 288th round.

As soon as he opened the door to the waiting room, Shirone, who rushed in, separated Lora and the terrorist based on the neck.

'If you know the boundary......"

You can move the location of the hidden piece.

"Now!"

The face of the mortisinger covered with a thousand returned, and Hye-ga showed herself in the hallway.

'How?'

Shock was sweeping through Hye-ga's eyes.

'Ah! The hostage!'

He who realized late raised the waterway, but Marsha caught Lora faster than him.

"I don't know what's going on......"

Shirone's explanation was more and more difficult to understand, but it was clear that he had returned 1 hour.
[Translated block]


"The hide-and-seek is over!"

She, who was sliding next to Hye-ga, twisted her waist and stuck the blade of Paeryun into her back.

"Kuk!"

She didn't feel the pain.

"Extra meal?"

Desire was leaking from Hye-ga's back at a rate of 1% per minute.

"Don't worry. You can fight for 100 minutes."

The clear positioning was a disadvantage of Paeryun's blade, but this time it worked to their advantage.

"Marsha, what's going on?"

Freeman, who followed into the building late, swiftly protected Marsha.

'He really doesn't know.'

Marsha had experienced it once, but Freeman was puzzled by the sudden situation.

'You've gotten close to God, Shirone.'

If she could regress, she would have preferred to tell him in the first round.

'I really want to hit this guy's face properly.'

Marsha said, watching Hye-ga's movements.

"There's one more outside. Take the hostage and stop him. No one should die."

She didn't want to be trapped in endless time.

"You said 100 minutes now?"

When Hye-ga raised the water sword, the air that touched her hand crystallized like a diamond and shone like a famous sword.

"Go."

Gunner's movement was like the wind.

"You won't last 100 seconds."

As Hye-ga charged with the water sword raised, Marsha touched the tattoo engraved on her body.

"Blade of Paeryun."

A blade was in her hand.

"How dare you interfere with my work!"

Mortasinger, who was hit by Shirone's photon cannon, flew through the wall and into the sky.

'How did you notice?'

It was inevitable that she would emit a killing intent, but it was impossible to gauge the boundary line of the neck accurately.

"Hidden Piece!"

She activated the extra meal to pressure him, but it didn't work on Shirone, who she had already faced dozens of times.

"Stop it!"

Shirone, who tied her up with a shining chain, fell vertically towards the ground, aiming at the mountain visible on the ground.

"Kyaaaaaa!"

An immortal doesn't die from this much.

"Why don't you like it so much!"

After continuously slapping her left and right and making her exhausted, the attack stopped.

"Kueuk."

She couldn't move a finger, but Shirone didn't release the magic.

"It's over. Your extra meal disappears when you show your face, right?"

Mortasinger trembled.

"Please, please just kill me! You don't want to see this ugly face either!"

"Shut up! I know what you did!"

She was a person who would have killed everyone in the stadium if she hadn't turned back time.

"What do you know about me? Pretty things, they can die as much as they want. No, I'll kill them all!"

Shirone was heartbroken.

"If you don't love yourself no matter how bad you are......"

When she roughly tore off the cloth covering Mortasinger's face, she screamed.

"No way!"

"What?"

The face of the woman who closed her eyes tightly was smooth as a pearl without a single wound.

"Please, don't look. Let me cover my face."

Shirone didn't think human beauty was measured by shame.

But one thing was clear, if you asked 100 people, they would say that Mortasinger, who was crying, was beautiful.

"You're pretty, aren't you?"

She was good enough to participate in a beauty contest.

"Don't lie! What's so pretty about this? Where in the world is there a person as ugly as me!"

She was a little annoyed.

"I'm really saying you're pretty!"

Mortasinger didn't listen.

"Why are my eyes so torn? Why isn't my nose more upright? Look at my lips, these blurry lips."

"Ah."

Shirone realized.

'Extra meal.'

Mortasinger was beautiful, but her heart was so twisted that even that seemed ugly.

"My dirty, disgusting, disgusting face!"
[Translated block]
The Korean sentence "콤플렉스의 화신인 것이다." translates to "It is the embodiment of a complex." in English. Is there anything else you would like to know or discuss?
[Translated block]