


[214] 5. The Angel's Magic Formula (4)

Shirone remembered that he had only thought of his own situation and looked at Ikael.

"Um, excuse me..."

Ikael shook his head.

"No, you don't have to thank me. This incident is also my fault. I'm sorry that I can only help you with this. The rest is up to you, Shirone."

"Thank you. I mean it."

Shirone expressed his gratitude sincerely. If it weren't for Ikael, he would still be crying on the walls of Gebul.

Ikael's eyes softened. He was a lovable human, even when he was stubborn.

"Remember, Shirone. You probably already know this, but you won't have many chances to use my power. Even if your mind has evolved a step further. Kariel is a dragon-riding angel. Only use it when you are sure that you can save your friend."

Shirone nodded and prepared to leave. He was sorry to part with Ikael, but he had no time to waste.

"Be careful. I hope you can return to your original world safely."

"Yes. Thank you very much."

Shirone left the room and the door closed behind him. Ikael sat down in his seat with a tired look.

The room was still perfect, but somehow it felt like something was missing.

Shirone had been here. Ikael recalled the lively scene and chuckled.

'I'm glad it's Shirone.'

Ikael's glory body opened into a wheel and spun quickly. Then a red vortex swept over one side of the room.

"Answer the call, Ashur."

A square of glass panels appeared in front of Ikael.

The glass panels, connected by dozens of cross lines, sparkled and gradually gained color, projecting Mara's image.

He was a handsome man with dark hair that reached his shoulders and three triangles floating above his head.

He knelt in front of Ikael and bowed his head.

"Ashur. I accept the angel's command."

The boundaries of the glass panels disappeared and Ashur's image became three-dimensional.

"I need your power. Please help Shirone."

"I understand."

Ashur answered without hesitation. Then a sorry emotion filled Ikael's eyes.

"I'm sorry to ask you to do this."

"I am a being born from your concept, Ikael. I will follow any command."

The highest-class Mara was the direct servant of the archangel. Therefore, he was not someone who could be called at any time, as he was the busiest in heaven.

Especially Ashur, who was the escort knight of Ikael, the strongest magus in heaven. Although he was now sealed off his power, he was not in a position to do errands.

Ashur said cheerfully.

"Don't worry. If it's something that you value, Ikael, then it's precious to me too. I will complete the mission at the risk of my existence."

"Thank you. But Kariel is strong. And right now, Imir, the king of giants, is also moving in Gebul."

At the mention of Imir, Ashur's eyes shone fiercely.

"I don't know what he's thinking about this matter, but we have to be careful. Imir is someone who has reached the ultimate power that living beings can pursue. It's not good to get involved with him."

Ashur's face showed obvious displeasure. He was the strongest magus in heaven, but the position of the strongest warrior in heaven was always shared by Imir and him.

It was because there were people who valued Imir highly for reaching the top with only physical abilities.

But Ashur did not admit it. He had to compete with him someday to see who was the strongest.

"Don't worry. Imir is no match for me."

Ikael realized that he had scratched the warrior's pride and soothed him with a gentle tone.

"Haha, of course I think Ashur is the strongest. Even if Imir comes in perfect condition, I won't be afraid if Ashur protects me."
[Translated block]


```text
Ashur finally got up from his seat with satisfaction.

"Of course. As long as I'm here, no one will be able to touch Lord Ikael."

"Oh, and one more thing."

Ashur turned his body at the door and looked at his respected master with a tense expression.

There was an unapproachable dignity in Ikael's eyes, which were thinly opened.

"Tell Kariel this when you meet him."

6. Heaven's Commotion (1)

Shirone came down from the tower and looked around the open space of Arabot.

The way to Jebul was taught by the memory of Egerin. It was quite a long distance to go by teleportation.

As soon as he entered the Spirit Zone, a huge amount of information flowed in through his empathy.

"Wow...."

He knew that his concentration had increased. But it was hard to believe when he actually experienced it.

The diameter of the Spirit Zone had increased by 1.5 times while maintaining the same density as before. This meant that his mental power had increased by almost 4 times in volume.

In other words, the burden of casting magic had decreased by 4 times.

He felt free as if he had thrown off a heavy burden as the Spirit Zone grew larger.

Shirone aimed at Jebul with a target-type and pulled up the battery of spatial movement.

It hadn't been very effective until now, but now that the diameter had increased by 25 meters, he could apply it to real situations.

25 meters might not seem like a big difference, but if he transformed it into a four-way target-type, the additional distance would increase by 100 meters.

If he linked spatial movement 10 times, he would have an increase of more than 1 kilometer.

'Wait for me, everyone. Just hold on a little longer.'

He felt anxious as he thought of his friends' situation. But Shirone's concentration, which had reached the state of diamond-like, did not waver at all.

The battery and omnipotence combined, and the noise of light decorated the sky.

A beam of light soared in the direction where Jebul was.

@

Lian had been running for 30 minutes already. His heart was pounding as if it would burst, but the amount of oxygen he breathed in with each breath was constant. He couldn't use up all the oxygen at once, or he would collapse before he reached his destination.

Kanis must have achieved some results by now.

Lian thought it was one of two things. He had either deactivated the security system of the Great World War, or died.

He shook his head and shook off his thoughts. It wasn't time to worry about someone else.

If Kanis failed, the next one to die would be himself.

"Hoo! Hoo!"

He didn't have the ability to lighten his body like Tess, but his body, which had been trained for a lifetime, didn't get tired even after running for more than an hour.

At the end of his run, he arrived at the last point connected to the Great World War.

The right side of the corridor was blocked by a full glass and beyond it was a blue sky.

Jebul was in the form of dozens of floating plates, so this place was the outermost edge of some plate. Therefore, if he continued to run along the edge, he would reach the bridge leading to the Great World War.

Lian guessed his location and tried to fly again when something floating on the ceiling caught his eye.

A drone was approaching him in a hurry.

The drone was just a machine, but he could sense Tess's urgency from its movement.

"Tess? Are you okay?"

The drone moved up and down as if nodding its head. It seemed that no critical situation had occurred yet.

Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.

A sound of shaking ground came from where Lian had come from. He turned his body and saw a giant man running with big strides.

Lian held Signa and Exd in his hands.

An unknown enemy. There was no halo or horn above the man's head.

The first thing that came to his mind was a giant.

He was too small for a giant, but the shaking ground every time he stepped made him guess his power.

'He's a monster. How heavy are his muscles that he can have such a weight?'
```
[Translated block]


```
The giant's movement was sluggish. But with every step, his body moved forward rapidly.

Thud!

The giant stopped towering in front of Lian with a stamp of his foot.

It was a show of force.

It was impossible to stop the inertia with one blow without having the strength to do so.

"What are you?"

Emir asked. He really didn't know, so he asked.

He had Signa and Exd, so he must be a Meccain, but he looked like a Norin.

"What are you saying?"

The giant couldn't understand the words because mental resonance was impossible.

Emir didn't care either. He was measuring the quality of force rather than the language.

"I see. You're the heretic who caused trouble in heaven."

As Emir's body conveyed his fighting spirit, Lian instinctively stepped back and raised his sword.

Emir's heart stirred violently when the human who he thought would pee and run away pushed his sword instead. The moment when their eyes clashed was his favorite time.

'Nice eyes. You've sharpened yourself quite well for a human.'

Lian pulled his left foot back. Considering the weight difference, it was hard to do it with force. The first priority strategy was to finish him off quickly as soon as he showed a gap.

"Identify yourself. Are you an enemy or an ally? If you intend to interfere, you can't pass through here."

Emir didn't understand Lian's words, but he could read a hundred words from his intense gaze.

'Choose, huh? But that's my role...'

Emir walked briskly.

It seemed like a crude approach, but it was a perfect timing to cut off Lian's breath.

Lian felt a loss and retreated as he tried to surprise him.

Emir felt pleasure at that sight.

The battle had already begun. He loved all the emotions that happened from the moment they decided to kill each other.

Emir approached Lian and said,

"Enemy."

Lian's hair stood on end.

The giant's energy that rushed in for a moment was like a huge wall. It was so big that he couldn't see the whole thing.

"Shall we start?"

At that moment, a drone's mechanical sound came from the ceiling.

"Un. Er. He. Dok. Shall we start?"

Emir's eyes moved to the ceiling for a moment. And when he looked down again, Lian was already gone.

"Taha!"

Emir blocked Signa flying from the side with his arm. A powerful shockwave exploded and the giant's skin shook like water in the wind.

But his body didn't budge at all.

Emir pushed Signa up with his arm and tilted his face to glare at Lian.

It was the eyes of a snake hunting its prey.

"Nice surprise attack. That makes me sorry. If you're a swordsman, I should give you a sword too."

As he spoke, Emir pushed Signa away. Then his body reversed left and right and a powerful hook came in with a swing.

Lian pushed Exd forward and crouched down.

When Emir's fist hit the shield, a loud noise erupted and Exd's hologram hit Emir hard.

But this time too, Emir didn't back down. Rather, it was Lian who bounced back.

Lian rolled on the floor and knelt down to regain his balance.

Exd mounted on his arm was exposed like a cannon hit its guts.

Emir raised his face over his shoulder and grinned.

"As you can see... I don't have many weapons that can withstand my strength."

"Damn it, how embarrassing..."

Tes's eyes came through the drone on the ceiling. He felt his blood boil more as he imagined how she would feel watching him waiting for help.

"I'm goingggg!"

Lian dashed at full speed.

He threw Signa irregularly and pulled out the greatsword on his back as he flew into the air.

Emir grabbed Signa and crushed it like a snack.

At the same time, Lian slashed down with his greatsword.

Emir's fist holding Signa flew in.
```

How is my translation? Do you have any feedback or suggestions for improvement?
[Translated block]


Lian gasped at the sound of metal clashing. He had blocked the blade of the greatsword with his fist bone. It felt like hitting iron.

Lian flew back with the reverse motion of his sword swing. Imir followed him immediately and raised his fist.

"That was fun. I'll give you a gift."

"Ugh!"

Lian stabbed his greatsword into the ground. Then he used the wide surface as a shield and pressed his shoulder and thigh against it. He put all his weight on it.
[Translated block]