


[200] 1. Mercy of God (5)

Shirone clenched his teeth. There was nothing else he could do.

He could cast magic, but if he cast teleportation in his current state, his body would be shattered.

'Damn it! I have to move somehow.'

If time passed like this, Kanya's mother would die.

No, everyone would die. The only thing left in the end was a hideous giant whose name he couldn't even know.

"Give up, foolish humans. No one can interfere with Ra's law."

Igirin looked at the scene of everyone kneeling with satisfaction.

This is authority. Obedience is not forced, but voluntary.

"Damn, why is it so heavy?"

A sound came from behind the statue, and Igirin's face hardened.

Then he heard the sound of footsteps. As if a ghost was coming out, everyone looked there.

Tes shouted with a flush.

"Lian!"

Lian moved his steps with a grimace.

His body weight seemed to be a ton.

Still, the reason he didn't get crushed was because the load was distributed throughout his body.

"What did you do to me? My body is so heavy."

"How can you move...?"

It wasn't magic that he could withstand just by being strong. The load was proportional to the muscle mass, so the stronger the muscle strength, the heavier the body state.

If he moves, there was only one possible case. He had to exert more strength than he could.

Of course, that was not normal either.

'He exerts more than physical strength? No, that can't be. It's the top ability among the giant's magic.'

Igirin was lost in thought when a dull sound came from where Shirone's party was.

"Kukuku, it's a very funny magic. That's why combat is fun."

Habist popped out of Canis' shadow.

Shirone realized after seeing Lian and Habist's cases.

It was not absolute but relative load that was applied. The principle of activation was different, so the countermeasures were also different.

"Shall we catch you?"

Habist rushed to Igirin. But the flight ability of the fairy chief was not to be underestimated.

He lost his mind for a moment in a chase that seemed like watching a fight and Shirone shouted at Lian.

"Lian! There's no time! You have to break the statue!"

Lian lifted his greatsword in front of the statue and Igirin's face was shocked in flight.

He didn't care about the shadow chasing him, but the swordsman was made of flesh and blood.

He had to have near 100 percent control over his body to swing a greatsword under abnormal conditions.

Lian roared and hit the statue and there was a bang.

The believers were startled, but the statue didn't even crack.

Lian clenched his teeth.

He wanted to smash everything as it came, but all he could do in this situation was to hit one more blow.

"Damn it! If it wasn't for this weird magic!"

The liquid in the bead had risen halfway. The subjects seemed resigned and closed their eyes.

They would rather hate Lian from their point of view. If they hadn't been disturbed, everything would have been comfortable by now.

Arin said through the mental channel.

-We have to find a way. It doesn't match equivalent exchange to restrict hundreds of people's movements with just one spirit. There must be a condition we don't know.
[Translated block]


Shirone had the same thought.

No matter how extraordinary the ability of the rule-breaker was, it was something that happened within the zero-sum of equivalent exchange.

There had to be a way to release it from the confined state in terms of the strength of the ability.

Shirone recalled Marsha's advice.

Rule-breaking is deeply related to the personality of the user.

Igirin is a fairy of authority. Therefore, it was highly likely that it was related to the concept of authority in some way.

"Yaaah!"

Lian did not give up and continued to strike the statue.

As the loud noise echoed, the faces of the believers turned pale one by one.

At some point, Amy's eyes turned red. Her self-awareness had detected the change in her body immediately.

-Shirone, it's not a fixed restraining force. The load just weakened by 5 kilograms. This time it's 7 kilograms, 9 kilograms... The weight is going out every time Lian swings his sword.

Shirone's eyes flashed and shone. He realized the mechanism of Igirin's rule-breaking through Amy's words.

"Lian! Keep hitting! The magic of Ilhwa is not like a magic of regeneration! It's just murder!"

-Shirone! It just weakened by 60 kilograms! Could this be...!

-Yes! I'm not sure, but Igirin seems to convert authority into physical force. The more people doubt, the weaker the load will be.

As if to prove Shirone's thought, Igirin's expression distorted.

The count of doubt suddenly soared at the sound of shouting that Ilhwa's magic was murder.

It was not a scream of desperation. It meant that the heretics had figured out the activation condition of the magic.

Rule-breaker authority.

Igirin can weigh faith and doubt on a scale for targets within his territory.

The moment he speaks his magic, all living things around him are divided into believers and doubters.

The number of targets gathered in the central square was 318, and the ratio of believers and doubters was 293 to 25.

If everyone believes in Igirin, the load per unit area is 100 percent of strength, so theoretically it is impossible to move.

On the contrary, if the proportion of faith falls below half, 'the price of false claim' is activated, and Igirin has to pay the price of being subjected to 100 percent load for 24 hours.

Shirone realized why Lian's actions affected the magic. The fear of damaging the symbol of heaven sprouted a seed of doubt in the hearts of the believers.

In fact, every time Lian hit the giant statue, the load weakened slightly.

"Everyone wake up! Ilhwa's magic is a lie! It's a magic that kills you!"

He continued to pressure the believers, but no more load was weakened.

Ordeal strengthens faith.

Some may be scared, but some are sure to ignite their will more strongly.

"Shut up! You're the ones who are deceiving us!"

"Kill them! Kill the heretics!"

The anger of the hardcore believers reached its peak at the act of damaging the statue.

As more people turned into fanatics, some doubters began to change their minds.

Shirone did not give up even though he knew it. It was the only resistance he could do in a situation where he could not move.

"Is Ilhwa's magic a magic of regeneration? It's your turn next! Why don't you know that?"

"We will follow the law. We will return to our original bodies after living out our lives given by Lae!"

Shirone clenched his teeth. He was frustrated by the closed-mindedness of the believers, regardless of rule-breaking or anything else.
[Translated block]
Siro continued his argument with confidence.

"If One Fire Liquor adjusts for that, then there will be no problem with living longer than your lifespan. But it doesn't do that because it can't do that! It can only reduce your lifespan by a fixed amount, but it can't control when you die!"

The believers were shaken by his words.

"What do you mean? How can we live longer than our lifespan?"

Siro smiled and pointed at Egi.

"Look at her! She is one of the subjects of One Fire Liquor, but she is still alive and well! She should have died long ago according to her lifespan, but she didn't! Do you know why?"

The believers looked at Egi with curiosity and fear.

"Why? Why is she still alive?"

Siro answered triumphantly.

"Because she knows her name! She knows the name that Ra gave her when she was born! And she knows how to use it!"
[Translated block]


206 to 112.

There are 47 people left.

Igirin salivated over the glass beads. They were filled with black liquid. The body began to decompose from the moment of death, so if there were drowning victims, the alcohol was no different from success.

"Even if it's a few hours, no, at least one second, Ilhwa's alcohol is murder. It's nothing but an act of drowning the victims and mutilating the corpses!"

The executioner's eyes bulged.

"Shut up! Even if you're right, what changes! The value of life is not determined by time! Is it a denial of Ra to say that you want to live one more second!"

"That one second is the one second of whether you put a period on your life yourself or not! Why don't you think about that!"

Igirin saw that he could make amends here.

243 to 75.

As expected, those who turned to faith increased.

Shirone made a foolish judgment. The fact that humans have control over their lives is not important.

All they want is profit.

There is nothing to gain by extending your life a little. The believers will gladly jump into Ilhwa's alcohol with hope for the future.

As if to prove the numbers on the scale, the believers poured insults at Shirone.

"Damn! I almost fell for it! In the end, life was fixed! Nothing would have changed!"

"Nephilim, you're just scamming around and you're spouting nonsense again this time? One second? What can you do with just one second? What can you do?"
[Translated block]