


[781] Definition of Evil (3)

* * *

War broke out.

The Gustav Empire, which quickly advanced to the capital of Kotoria, now had the fall of the enemy country in front of them.

'Gustav Habits.'

Sitting at the top of the castle tower, Shirone looked at the night sky with sad eyes.

'It's evil.'

When I heard the news that the Gustav Empire had buried 70,000 citizens of the Pashipa city alive, I was dizzy.

Even the commanders did not come, and it is said that the captured women were sold as slaves to their own people.

'How can you wear a person's mask...'

If Kotoria falls, the gaze of the Gustav Empire, which has finished the back-end, will be directed to the whole world.

"I need to find a way quickly."

While Shirone was muttering, Minerva flew to the tower riding a jet.

"When did you come back?"

While people playing card games were looking for a way to kill Habits, Shirone concentrated on sealing the altar.

"An hour ago. I almost blocked the vicinity of Aganos. How about the design of the 'Law Murder'? Is there any progress?"

Minerva shook her head.

"I roughly caught the thread, but there are many things to adjust in detail. First of all, the change in the law is too large, and we have to approach the Alpha Pisces and Beta Pisces we are looking for carefully."

Shirone spoke gloomily.

"I see."

"But it's getting clearer little by little. If we solve a few key issues, we can move on to execution right away."

"Yes, I'll leave it to you."

Shirone prepared to leave Aganos.

"You didn't forget?"

Minerva asked.

"You are dealing with the altar here because you are staying in Kashan. The temple is a human organization, and even Uorin uses you for the benefit of his country. Keep that in mind."

"I know that much."

Uorin is not pure.

Even though he looks down on the world from the top with the ability of Mitochondrial Eve, he is a human after all.

The reason for trying to kill Habits was also because the evil nature threatened the future of Kashan.

'Whatever you think...'

In the end, it was a person who lived for himself, so it was not easy to deal with Nane Na and Miro simply.

"There's no change. I don't want Habits to ruin the world either. The same goes for the altar."

"That's a relief"

When Minerva sighed, a beam of light surged from below the castle, reversing the lightning.

"The Empress calls you."

When Shirone, who was looking at Minerva, raised her hand and emitted the light of Yahweh, their figures disappeared in an instant.

"I was there. I'm glad."

When they arrived in Uorin's room, there was a person they hadn't seen on the other side of the people playing card games.

"Who is that...?"

"He's an envoy from the Kotoria Republic. He came to Kashan through the highest security channel of the temple. Gustav doesn't know."

Knowing that it was already on the verge of collapse, I roughly guessed the reason why the envoy came.

'But can't you turn it back?'

The intention of the Kotoria Republic, which tried to ally with Gustav, was thoroughly broken by the burial of 70,000 people.

'Are you desperate to grab a straw?'

As the collusion of the Kotoria Republic was highlighted, the temple also turned its back.

"Sit down first. I don't have time, so I'll explain quickly."

Uorin conveyed the words of the envoy instead.

"In conclusion, we will re-incorporate the Kotoria Republic into the temple."

Minerva asked.

"What do we get in return?"

Even if Uorin is the leader of the temple, he cannot unilaterally recognize a country that tried to collude with the enemy.

"Ancient weapons. Exmachina will be provided to the temple."

"......That's enough."

Minerva was convinced, but Shirone, who didn't know about Exmachina, was still doubtful.

"Is it a weapon powerful enough to change the war situation?"

"It could be, or it might not be."

When Uorin handed over the right to speak to the major, one of the people playing cards, Ness spoke.
[Translated block]
"Ex Machina is a weapon that changes the laws within its radius. It's not certain, but there's a theory that it was created by the Archangel of Creation, Kariel."

Kariel has disappeared.

"Although it's called a weapon, it's closer to a computational device. It detects and analyzes all factors influenced by a specific parameter, and runs simulations until the desired result is obtained. We can modify and reapply the laws based on those results."

Mice said.

"For example, if I want to eat pasta for dinner? Someone nearby has to make pasta. So what does that person need to think about making pasta? His wife needs to buy pasta ingredients from the market. So what does his wife need to buy pasta ingredients?"

Agaya said.

"If you dig into it like this, you can find the initial parameter needed to get the result we want. It might be absurd. It could be because some man fell over 4 kilometers away in the morning."

Gudio said.

"Of course, what Ex Machina provides is just a simulation. But what if we induce that man to fall over in the morning based on that result?"

Shirone swallowed her saliva.

"We can print out the result we want at a specific space-time coordinate. A picture that is only one of many possibilities. The picture of the whole city, where Mice is eating pasta tonight."

That's why it's called a weapon.

"It exceeds the capacity of the human brain."

Gudio nodded.

"It's hard to say that an angel is a genius, but without the creativity of Kariel, it would be impossible to make such a thing. Anyway, if we have Ex Machina, our design will be more perfect."

Woolin intervened.

"The most likely theory is that the origin of Ex Machina was created in the battle with the ancient Gaia. The purpose was probably to control their actions against heaven...."

Minerva said.

"There is no other Ex Machina found besides this. It may have been lost, or it may not have been mass-produced in the first place."

"Did they... stop production?"

Shirone thought of one possibility.

"Yeah. If it's the latter, the Gaians solved the Veron problem. They were able to change the future with their own will, apart from the law. Whether it was possible from the beginning or they reached it, I don't know...."

"They reached it."

If it had been possible from the beginning, Kariel would not have made it.

"The 11th sense, Ultima."

The race that resisted Anke Ra and broke through even the law of Ex Machina, achieving an integrated mental system.

'Gaia.'

Shirone missed them, who she didn't even know who they were.

"But anyway...."

Shirone, who came out of her thoughts, asked.

"Why were they pushed back helplessly, even though they have such an ancient weapon?"

The messenger said.

"Ex Machina is not omnipotent. There are three main reasons why we lost to Gustav."

The fingers of the messenger folded one by one.

"First, lack of manpower. As you can see from the function of Ex Machina, the performance varies greatly depending on the user. It's a thing that angels originally calculated. Without at least the same brain function, you'll go crazy the moment you enter the device."

Certainly, she didn't want to go in because of that.

"Second, the limit of the radius. The radius of Ex Machina is up to 200 kilometers, which is wide enough to be called a map weapon, but it doesn't cover even a quarter of the Cotria Republic. We were able to defend the capital because of this. That's why we're negotiating alliances like this."

The messenger clenched his fist.

"Third, General Balkan. I don't know how, but he reacts almost instantly every time Ex Machina changes the law."

It was a crowd machine.

"If we change it, they change it too. Because we have to do a new grand every time, we get overloaded, and in the end, all five users of Ex Machina died. There's a second army, but I guess there's no room to fight when the first army lost."
[Translated block]


Revealing every detail of one's own domestic affairs meant that they had staked their lives on this alliance.

'This applies to the Holy War as well. If Balkan reads the military situation, we need our top 5...'

Shirone raised her hand.

"Wait, did you say 5?"

The envoy explained.

"Originally, it was a space where one angel entered, but it's a device that exceeds the amount of information that humans can handle. So, we modified it to connect four brains in parallel and connect the remaining one in series to make the final decision."

When Shirone looked at the people playing card games, Agaya shook her head.

"We're going to be in parallel. It's an important place for teamwork, not just the balance of brain function."

Even though they lost to Balkan, they were undoubtedly the strongest quartet when they were a team.

"Then who's the remaining one?"

"We'll find a good partner in the Holy War. The important thing is that he's in a position to decide our opinion. There are a few servants in each country who are just machines that are good at calculations..."

"It's a problem that requires value judgment."

Ness nodded.

"Environmental factors are basic, and you need to be able to solve human emotions with equations. You need the temperament of a gambler who can bet on a match while not losing to our brain function. Creativity is also important."

It was a pretty demanding condition.

"We'll leave it to the Holy War, but the first person who came to us is Snake of the Black Line. He's now joined Zion under his real name, Sein. He can do it."

Sein's iron wheel eye calculates emotion and reason at the same time, but Woorin had a difficult expression.

"We'll send a letter asking for cooperation, but it's probably hard to bring him."

"Why? Zion would want to stop Habits more than anything else?"

"Terafos no longer judges the fall, and the movement of heaven is unusual. Sein is currently deployed on the defense line of heaven following the maze. He won't be able to participate in this matter, which may take several months."

It was an important issue as much as Habits, so the people playing card games also gave up their regrets.

"It's ambiguous. Most servants have weak emotions. We need a perfect gambler, not an excellent calculator. But finding such a person..."

"There is."

Shirone's eyes shook with excitement.

"Can express human emotions as equations..."

He had designed the trajectory of the hologram by predicting the emotions of all the students at Alpheus Magic School.

"Excellent computational ability."

When he spits electricity from his eyes, he can calculate all the events that occurred in the city for 3 seconds.

"A gambler who is willing to take risks when needed."

He led the Scramble Royal to victory.

"Is there... such a person?"

While Minerva tilted her head, Woorin was smiling meaningfully.

"Hmm, indeed... That would be fun."

Encouraged by his words, Shirone stood up from her seat and looked back at Woorin and said.

"Can I recommend one person?"

She readily agreed.

"That would be an honor. If it's Yahweh's recommendation, the Holy War can't easily oppose it."

As Shirone smiled, the two pointed at each other and spit out at the same time.

"Mercodeine Eruki."
[Translated block]