


Law Murder (3)

Just by Habitz's reaction, it was clear that the woman named Abella was telling the truth.

The bishop skipped all other procedures and called her into the Grand Hall.

It was once a flower garden story that Habitz always lived with, so Gustav 4 also looked at it with curious eyes.

"Uncle Habitz."

Abella approached with a smile.

"Abella!"

As if he had returned to that day 14 years ago, Habitz grabbed Abella's hand.

"You're here. Do you know how much I missed you? I wonder what happened to the flower garden? The shop is...

"I'm sorry, uncle."

When Abella cut off Habitz's words, all the maids in the Grand Hall flinched.

'She's crazy. She interrupted His Majesty's words.'

Among the maids who directly serve the emperor in the Grand Hall, there is a 'Habitz Manual'.

'She's going to die.'

There can be no standard for dealing with chaos.

That's why 'If you hold a rain ceremony, it will rain.' is just a coincidence created by the joke of probability...

'Rule 283, do not show any reaction when Habitz is excited.'

For the maids, this jinx was a lifeline.

"Huh? What are you sorry for?"

That's why they could only be horrified at Habitz's questioning.

'Did the jinx break?'

Abella smiled bitterly.

"The flower shop opened, but there are no flowers you bought. I killed it because I didn't grow it well."

"So you couldn't come."

"No. I didn't want to meet. I was too young then. I just thought it was such a relationship."

"Is that so??????

Habitz seemed a little disappointed.

"But you opened a flower shop. There are plenty of flowers to buy, so don't be too upset."

Shock swept through the bishop's eyes.

'His Majesty is saying considerate words to others.'

Even she, who had spent her whole life in the palace, had never seen such a situation.

'Maybe... we were thinking wrong about the character Habitz.'

Interrupting the conversation was not a problem in the first place.

'He killed many maids, but maybe it was for a completely different reason than we expected.'

The bishop couldn't grasp the situation, so the confusion of the other maids was beyond words.

'Why isn't he angry? Why doesn't he kill?'

Don't make eye contact, don't use negatives, etc., many jinxes were breaking.

'It's pathetic.'

Balkan, who read the maids' spirits, squinted one eye.

'They're scared because they don't know why they're going to die after doing something that will kill them. His Majesty is a human being. He enjoys playing with friends and knows what love is.'

Habitz is also a human being.

'He's just a person who wants to have fun. Well, he just cuts to his taste because he only thinks about using others.'

Chaos is not a head-to-head relationship.

'Empathy. Without calculating, just honestly reveal your feelings. That's all His Majesty has to do with people.' Of course, it's impossible for adults.

'Abella can do it.'

Because she was a friend who had empathized with Habitz, the chaos, in the deepest part of her emotions.

"Anyway, you're here. You kept your promise."

Habitz, who threw away all the miscellaneous reasons, sat down where the map was spread and tapped the floor.

"Come here. We're going to conquer the world from now on, so play with us. My friends are fun too."

It was touching that the emperor of the empire treated without prejudice, but Abella's eyes were filled with sadness.

"You really haven't changed at all."

"You've aged a lot? You've grown taller and prettier. If you don't like world conquest, shall we play something else?"

Tears welled up in Abella's eyes.

"You're a bad person, uncle."

Everyone's heart sank, and even Balkan couldn't guarantee Abella's future this time.

'Empathy and hostility are clearly different. Will His Majesty not get angry this time.'

The bishop was unable to grasp the situation, so the confusion of the other maids was beyond words.

'Why isn't he angry? Why doesn't he kill?'

Don't make eye contact, don't use negatives, etc., many jinxes were breaking.

'It's pathetic.'

Balkan, who read the maids' spirits, squinted one eye.

'They're scared because they don't know why they're going to die after doing something that will kill them. His Majesty is a human being. He enjoys playing with friends and knows what love is.'

Habitz is also a human being.

'He's just a person who wants to have fun. Well, he just cuts to his taste because he only thinks about using others.'

Chaos is not a head-to-head relationship.

'Empathy. Without calculating, just honestly reveal your feelings. That's all His Majesty has to do with people.' Of course, it's impossible for adults.

'Abella can do it.'

Because she was a friend who had empathized with Habitz, the chaos, in the deepest part of her emotions.

"Anyway, you're here. You kept your promise."

Habitz, who threw away all the miscellaneous reasons, sat down where the map was spread and tapped the floor.

"Come here. We're going to conquer the world from now on, so play with us. My friends are fun too."

It was touching that the emperor of the empire treated without prejudice, but Abella's eyes were filled with sadness.

"You really haven't changed at all."

"You've aged a lot? You've grown taller and prettier. If you don't like world conquest, shall we play something else?"

Tears welled up in Abella's eyes.

"You're a bad person, uncle."

Everyone's heart sank, and even Balkan couldn't guarantee Abella's future this time.

'Empathy and hostility are clearly different. Will His Majesty not get angry this time.'
[Translated block]
Habits blinked his eyes.

"People say that, you're bad. But honestly, I don't know. To me, even this appearance now...

Abella spoke with a choked voice.

"I like you so much because you're like the old mustache uncle."

"Hahaha! That's right, as long as you like it?"

At the sound of Habits' laughter, a sense of relief filled her, and Balkan's eyebrows twitched.

'Hmm? This is...

Abella was disappointed.

'If you were scary, like others, I could hate and despise you freely...

The villain who tries to plunge the world into hell.

'But to me...

He was the kindest and warmest uncle in the world, who would grant whatever I wanted.

'I'm not dying, am I?'

In Habits' arms, Abella had to kill him for humanity, even though she could be happy for the rest of her life.

'That's Alphapishi.'

She, who had regained her senses, wiped her tears and said,

"I can't play house with you like before. Now I'm an adult."

"Is that so? Then what should we do?"

"An adult's play."

Abella, who was sitting on the floor, moved towards Habits.

"Uncle, will you marry me?"

The gaze of the four seasons moved to Habits, and a gasp escaped from the maids' throats in unison.

'Are you crazy? You're going to marry that psycho?'

Habits immediately nodded his head.

"Okay."

Balkan foresaw the emotion that sprouted in Habits' chaos after 14 years.

'We met as friends... but the interaction with Abella was a bit different.

'The fate of a witch. Maybe it's a natural law to get married to the person who freed her from that curse.'

Anyone who has reached some ultimate truth of reality must be strong, and so Habits must be strong.

'So you were very lonely.' It would be fair to say he was bored.

Anyway, there were only a handful of people in the world who could interact with Habits.

'In a way, it's a match made in heaven.'

Abella puffed up her cheeks.

"What? Even so, you accept it so easily. Do you know what marriage is?"

"Of course I know. I like you too."

Habits, who got up from his seat, grabbed Abella's shoulder and said seriously,

"I want to marry you."

So the childhood friend who met at the beach 14 years ago promised to become a couple.

The heat wave that had dominated the summer gradually subsided, and autumn, dyed with autumn leaves, came.

The war was still fierce, but inside the Gustav Empire, preparations for the emperor's wedding were in full swing.

"Long live Emperor! Long live!"

Flower gardens that Abella liked were laid out on every street, and a nationwide celebration parade event was held.

About 20 days before the wedding, while the royal palace Marsak was being decorated with flowers, Krauch moved.

In his hand, which was freely roaming the complicated path of the ceiling like a house, was the 'Law Arrow'.

'Target change.'

Minerva said,

"The reason Alphapishi is important is because she is the person who can approach Habits the closest. But you can't go in with the 'Law Arrow'."

If it was another object, it could be hidden in the body, but it was impossible to carry a knife for several months.

"So we need a transport team." El Krauch.

"Before sending Alphapishi, a specialist will be stationed inside the royal palace first. And on the night of Habits and Abella, pass the 'Law Arrow'."

Shirone asked,

"The transport team can't approach Habits. How do you pass it when you can't make contact?"

"Use target change." Minerva took out the 'Law Arrow'.

"The dagger sucks the killer's will and twists the law. But what if the target changes in the middle?"

Shirone was also curious.

"For example, if you activate the 'Law Arrow' to kill you, Shirone, and then stab Woorin?"

"What happens?"

"The killer's will contained in the dagger does not change. Only the killer's will of the possessor is initialized. Of course, this in itself is not very meaningful. But it's a different story if you destroy the dagger."
[Translated block]


"It was said that extinction is impossible."

"Right. Even if it's destroyed, the 'Law Kill' reappears in a perfect arbitrary place."

Iruki said.

"But if you initialize it, you can artificially manipulate the place where the 'Law Kill' appears."

"That's right. The 'Law Kill' destroyed in the initialized state appears to the person who best fits the life contained in the sword. Therefore, you can deliver the 'Law Kill' to Alphapis through the law."

This is 'target change'.

'The execution time is the night of the wedding ceremony 20 days later. Until then, the 'Law Kill' must be initialized.'

The current 'Law Kill' is aimed at Habitz, but there is no particular change in the law.

'It's such a difficult enemy.' It means that it can't be killed by any means,

It felt like the 'Law Kill' was waiting for its time.

'My target to kill is Katenia.'

Crouch, who has already killed the maiden Orpheus and is living her life, has planned another transformation.

'Becoming Katenia is the best. If so, I can get closer to Habitz.'

Since Abella got engaged to Habitz, Katenia has been living a rich life as her maiden.

'Here.'

Crouch, who arrived in Abella's room, landed in the corridor through the ventilation hole in the ceiling.

The torch hung on the wall was the only light.

'Alphapis may not know. Well, it might be better not to tell.'

The law was so sensitive and delicate that it could not be turned back even if it changed a little.

"A thief cat has sneaked in here?"

Crouch doesn't have a heart, but he pretended to shrug his shoulders at a superhuman speed.

'Geez, suddenly.'

When I turned around, Natasha, one of the four Gustav machines, was standing with her head tilted.

"Oh, Natasha. Hello."

Anyway, Crouch was Orpheus' maiden, so he bowed politely and greeted her.

"You're really amazing."

Orpheus asked with a puzzled expression.

"Huh? What do you mean...

"Wow, it's amazing! I don't feel any awkward energy at all! It's really amazing acting."

It was the shadow of Emperor Kashan, Teraje, but he didn't even think about it.

'How did you know?' As if reading Crouch's thoughts, Natasha spoke with a regretful expression.

"I was caught in the flag of Vulcan. He hires an assassin once a month to kill the emperor."

In order to compensate for the disadvantage of not being able to catch the number, he took the risk of assassination once a month.

'If an assassin is added, my life will also become a crowd flag.'

Since this was also expected, Crouch did not panic and revealed his true colors.

"So you came to kill me?"

Although the appearance, attitude, and voice were the same, Natasha felt like she was seeing a completely different person.

"That's right. But he told me to find out who the assassin was sent by. Whether the assassination target is the emperor or Abella."

'It's comfortable because it's honest.'

Although he was talking unnecessarily, he also felt ignored.

"Tell me."

Crouch took out the 'Law Kill' from inside the maiden's clothes.

"After cutting your throat."

"Ha ha ha! That's good too."

As expected, Natasha was not tense, but it was a boast to the assassin who used the situation.

'It's fun. Natasha...

Anyone can change the target, and if you can divide it into Natasha, the assassination success rate will skyrocket.

'If that happens, it's not a waste to break one doll.'

Since everyone has only one life, Crouch, who has two lives, can perfectly stab the opponent's square.

"Shall we start?"

When Natasha squatted down and lowered her center of gravity, her arms slowly rose above her shoulders.

"The martial arts of the god of death."
[Translated block]