


[187] 5. Nor's Resting Place (2)

"Is this the resting place of the Norians?"

"Yes. It's a place where the light's purity is strongly embedded. It can transport hundreds of Norians. I heard that there was a light's altar here long ago, but it's the aftermath that remains."

"It's more peaceful than I thought. Is it a safe place from the attacks of the alien races or the heresy hunters?"

"It's not too far away. But we put up a light's curtain to hide it. If you look at this place from outside the resting place of Nor, you can only see a plain."

It was a similar principle to transparent magic.

Invisibility uses the power of electricity to refract light and make it transparent. However, this place made the reflectivity of light 100 percent, making it blend in with the scenery as if a mirror was erected.

If someone had a keen eye, they could find the repeating pattern, but it seemed unlikely that anyone would do such a work in this vast land.

"Of course, the high ones of heaven can find it if they try to perceive it. But no one cares about the life of hell. The only ones who are hot are the Kergoans and the hungry alien races."

There was a makeshift tent village near the forest. There were also merchants who laid out mats. There were no customers, but they seemed to have no intention of selling anything anyway, and they were casually chatting.

Gardrak explained that they were merchants who were going to the mainland shops. It was literally a resting place, and he said that if you wanted to find proper goods, you had to go to Nor's shop.

Nevertheless, he said that sometimes people came to get Nor's goods, and Kanya and Lena were such types.

Kanya was tense since she arrived here. If hell was a neutral zone, this place was a heretic territory.

That's why she didn't even look at Siron's party and asked Gardrak.

"Where do they sell Nor's medicine?"

"Hmm, did the herbalist come? Look over there."

As Kanya walked away, Gardrak shouted behind her back.

"Just remember one thing. You must never fight in Nor's resting place. Do you know that?"

There was no answer. Instead, Lena smiled sweetly at Siron, looking back at him. It was a pretty mind to smooth out her sister's rudeness, but there was also a girl's affection in her smile.

"Brother, see you later."

"Yeah. I hope you find what you're looking for."

Nor's resting place was not much bigger than that, but it was good enough to say goodbye because it was impossible to talk if they got out of Arin's spirit zone radius.

Siron watched Kanya's footsteps as she walked away.

She looked nervous.

What did she leave heaven for?

While Siron was lost in thought, Gardrak looked at his abdominal wound. The bleeding had stopped, but the wound area was a mess. It could be dangerous if he didn't get proper treatment.

"I'll take a break. I'm tired after bleeding. You can hear how to buy things from Clove. You'll have to know if you want to live in hell."

The master's face was pale, so Clove couldn't refuse. He took Siron's party to the mat and realized that there were more merchants than usual and his eyes sparkled.

"Hey, white elixir, are you going to use that now?"

"I don't know. I'm going to look at the goods and buy what I need. Why?"

"If you're willing to pay an intermediary fee, I can negotiate for you. You don't know what's good here since it's your first time here, right?"

There weren't many things that could be bought with white elixir in Nor's resting place. It was like buying an apple with gold coins.

But Siron didn't know what was valuable, so there was a possibility of getting some extra if he negotiated well with the merchant.

Siron looked at his friends' positions. They were scattered around looking at things. They didn't need to call them together because they were connected by mental channels.

-Clove is asking for an intermediary fee. What should we do?

-I don't know. We might need an intermediary. Honestly, I don't know what these things are except for clothes and food. But can we trust him?

Possible continuation:

-Since we're here anyway, let's see what he can do for us. Maybe we can find something useful or interesting.

-Okay then
[Translated block]


```text
Arin replied to Amy's words.

-I can find out.

Shirone made a decision.

She could tell if Clove was cheating through the crystal ball. She just hoped that wouldn't happen. She could pay any commission, but wasting time on useless emotional fights was a loss for both sides.

"Okay, let's go around together. Show me what kind of items you have."

As Clove took the lead, his friends also gathered around Shirone.

The merchandise was diverse, perhaps because there were many merchants from the mainland.

At first, it was necessities. Food, clothing, pillows, blankets, and such things looked common, but they were important items for the heretics who lived in the inferno.

Clove pointed to a white bread that looked like a pebble and said.

"This is kalla, an essential item for heretics' travel. It's a food made with elixir, so you'll be full all day if you eat just one."

Amy crouched down and looked at it.

There were various colors, but there was nothing else to distinguish them, so she couldn't guess the taste.

It was a good item if you could solve a day's meal with one kalla, but it was questionable whether it was a priority purchase item.

"Hmm, it looks cute and round. Should I try one?"

As Amy threw the bait, Clove bit it. She could tell how sincerely he was mediating by the words that came out of his mouth.

"This is an amazing item. Even if you fall into the wilderness, you can survive for a month with this. It's better to buy as much as you can when you can."

He winked at the merchant as he said that.

Arin scratched his head awkwardly. It was such an obvious crystal ball that he didn't even need to analyze it.

Assuming that his friends knew that fact, he omitted the trivial explanation and just said the conclusion.

-Should we just do it ourselves? He doesn't seem to have any intention of doing it properly.

Amy also rolled her tongue at his shamelessness.

-It seems so. But let's take him around for now. Who would have expected that this pebble was food? Anyway, we need someone to introduce us to the items. He's not lying, right?

-Yeah. He just wants to earn some elixir. He must really want it. He looks a little pitiful when I see him like this.

Canis sneered.

-I guess so. Magic aside, his situation assessment and instant response are too poor. How can he hunt properly with that? That's why he's more greedy.

The power of magic varied depending on the level, but it couldn't be a criterion for determining the superiority in detail. It was because the efficient magic varied depending on the environment and situation, and there was also compatibility.

It was the same logic as why Shirone won against the whirlwind snake even though its magic power was overwhelming.

To gauge the level of a magician, one had to see how fast and accurate they performed magical judgments.

Of course, that part took more time than magic. It was also the reason why mercenaries often hired magicians based on their visible magic skills and were annihilated by their mistakes.

Canis had more experience in that than anyone else, as he had traveled across the continent to find the arcane legacy.

The next place Clove introduced was a stall selling drugs.

Shirone had heard Canya arguing with the drug dealer earlier, but she couldn't understand it because the mental channel was cut off.

Clove introduced various drugs to his party.

There were colorful liquids in small bottles, which he said were drugs made with elixir.

The red potion healed wounds and the blue potion cleared the mind. Those two types were the most common.

The other colored drugs also had unique effects.

The pink potion amplified the feeling of love, and the brown potion made one remember a specific time permanently.

Shirone pointed to a white potion that she had seen Canya arguing with the drug dealer about.
```

Some possible ways to continue the conversation are:
[Translated block]


```
"What is this potion?"

Clover raised his eyebrows and picked up the bottle.

"Oh? This was here? This is pretty hard to make."

"What is this potion for?"

"This is a stimulant. A stimulant called Epines. The person who drinks this can stay awake for a week without sleeping. It also has an excellent effect on magicians. For example, if you are shaken by a howling, you can endure it enough if you eat this."

Syrone tried to summarize Clover's explanation. The blue potion seemed to increase the power of magic, while the white potion seemed to enhance endurance.

"This is perfect for you guys. It's expensive, but I'll talk to them and give you a discount. How about buying this?"

Syrone had no intention of buying Epines. It was clear that it had an excellent effect if it could keep you awake for a week without sleeping, but it was a waste to take consumables to the original world.

If it was something that only existed in one world, it would be tricky to find the right timing to use it. In hell, he would gulp it down whenever he was in danger, but it would rather work as a poison for the magicians in the other world.

He suddenly thought that it would be great to drink it before the practical exam, but he gave up on the idea of being expelled for taking a banned drug.

After the tedious analysis, he thought of Kanya again.

Stimulant.

What on earth was she thinking of doing with this drug?

When Syrone came to his senses, his companions had moved on to the next stall.

The vines that grew tens of meters in 10 minutes after planting seeds were essential for traveling in rocky areas, and the flame powder that boiled water when sprinkled on water was also amazing.

Syrone, who was listening to Clover's explanation, looked back at Amy, who had been wandering around separately for some time.

She was staring at something without blinking. It was a fireball.

The fire was alive and moving?

As Clover approached him, Syrone pointed at the cage and asked.

"What is this?"

Clover, who had been looking into the cage, widened his eyes as if he was unfamiliar with the object.

"Wow! It's an elemental! Mister, where did you catch this? You're lucky."

"Haha! It's a long story. I had a good dream for a long time and went hunting outside the community. Sulfur worms have a low chance of giving green elixirs, you know. So I caught a few, but they were all red. Damn, it was a bad dream. I was about to go back when I got caught by a 'Fire Claw'. I ran like crazy thinking of my wife. Then I rolled down under the cliff, and lo and behold, it was the spot of fire. The sulfur gas leaking from the ground had been burning for a long time. So I tried to drink a brown potion to remember it, but the fire came bouncing towards me. I just blew it away. I grabbed it with an elemental prison in a hurry. Anyway, that's how it happened, haha!"

Clover didn't feel like laughing along. He wondered why he didn't have such luck.

Sulfur worms were common creatures not only in Muspel, the land of fire, but also in any lava area.

They were one-meter-long worms that sprayed lava, but they were slow enough for Clover to catch them easily.

But Fire Claw was the problem. It was not enough that he escaped from such a powerful creature, but he also got a fire elemental.

He must have been born with the law of luck.

Syrone looked at Amy. She looked at him with an expression that didn't know what to do.

He understood her desire very well.

If there was a light elemental in the cage, he wouldn't know what he would do either.

Syrone asked seriously for the first time.

"Mister, how much is this?"

It was unusual for a merchant to communicate with telepathy. But he just blinked and calmly responded.
```
[Translated block]


One might think that traders are like that by nature, but Shirone inferred one possibility from his reaction.

It was the fact that they might not be the only ones in this world who did not use the language of the Shinmin.

Is there anything else I can do for you? 😊
[Translated block]