


[476] As far as I came (3)

'I got in!'

Gaold was sure.

The moment the explosive blast of the vacuum press occurred at his fingertips, he felt a clear sensation that Uriel had shaken.

It was a certainty conveyed by a thousand million times of tactile sense.

There was not a speck of dust left nearby, but the sight was completely gone by the wrinkles in the atmosphere.

As the air spread out, a storm that could not be compared to a typhoon rushed into the battlefield that had fallen into a momentary vacuum state.

The air gathered while rotating, and changed into turbulence, creating hundreds of whirlwinds.

In the movement of the wind, Uriel, who was shrinking like a giant while defending his body with a paradise stick, was seen.

'Is this really human technology?'

Uriel knew that the superiority of Muwi did not guarantee the game as he fought countless battles.

It would not be shameful to be pushed back for a while if it was a human with technology that even angels could not predict, although it was only an assumption.

There is Miro as a representative figure, but Gaold reached here only with Muwi.

"Keeeee!"

Gaold rushed in with his white hair fluttering.

The vacuum press is also a powerful defensive device, but depending on how it is used, it can also become a bomb that explodes high-density air pressure.

"Interesting."

The paradise stick collided with the vacuum press with a roar.

As the air burned due to frictional heat, a huge fire cloud ascended as if a bomb had exploded.

The hot heat was transmitted to those on the wall, and Sein, who was destroying Erg's magic circle, became more anxious.

'Damn it. He might be dead.'

Literally, the air turned into fire.

It was such a force that even Gaold of the world would have no choice but to die.

Sein shouted as he activated Ilwolgwangryun.

"Protect!"

Two gears penetrated Erg and Sein's consciousness completely blocked out information from outside.

Julu and Armin arrived to protect Sein in an unarmed state.

The reverse field of slow magic spread out, and Julu's summoned beast Cougar swung its sharp claws at the approaching enemies.

But as time passed, the number of fallen angels only increased.

'I can't hold on for long here either.'

There was no way to confirm Gaold's life or death, and the battle on the wall was gradually pushed back.

'Is this angel's ability?'

The gap between angels and fallen angels was heaven and earth difference, but their abilities from their concepts had an idealism that differentiated from any magician's.

"It was an enemy we couldn't win from the start."

Julu directed Cougar and said.

"All you have to do is focus on buying time. There is still one chance left."

"Do you think Gaold is alive?"

"No."

Julu looked at Gangnan, who was fighting Urotas, a giant fire magician on the front line of the battlefield.

"It's not about living or dying. It's about whether you can give up or not."

Thump! Thump! Thump!

Every time Urotas' fist hit the ground, Gangnan felt his heart sink down.

The last remaining fire giant tribe.

But he was an army corps commander, and he was a peculiar magician among giants.

'Fire seal!'

As Urotas stopped attacking and cast magic with his palms together, a burning flame seal was engraved on Gangnan's arm.

"Damn!"

The fire soon materialized and burned up, and Gangnan's arm began to lose strength.

Urotas' magic was seal art.

The ability to burn domination by engraving seals on places where you look with your eyes of fire.

Once a seal is engraved, it is as if the nerves are cut off and you can't move at all.

It seemed that there were quite tricky conditions attached to determining the application range, but considering that the opponent had both giant strength and magician strength, it was an annoying skill without doubt.

"Pay back for your tribe!"

Realizing that he couldn't fight with stubbornness alone, Gangnan twisted his body flexibly and plunged into his opponent's arms.

As Ramua's characteristic linear and predatory attack was inflicted, Urotas hurriedly widened the distance and cast seal art again.
[Translated block]


As the right thigh caught fire and lost control, Kang Nan stomped on the ground as if to strike with the opposite foot.

As she rushed like an arrow and hit Urotas' side with a whip-like kick, the giant's body was pushed back.

"Uooooh!"

Urotas' pupils glowed with fire as a seal was engraved on Kang Nan's vital point.

"Huck!"

As the fire burned and the domination of the surroundings was lost, her heart twitched and stopped.

As Urotas' fist flew in, Kang Nan covered her face with both arms.

A reflexive movement that could be reached after repeating countless times every day.

The shock passed through the guard and blurred Kang Nan's consciousness.

"Kruk!"

When she came to her senses, what she saw in her eyes was the erection of the wall rising to the sky.

Tears flowed from her eyes.

'I am...'

She can't be like him.

She can't even stay on the edge that he reached, even though she bet everything.

"Huep!"

Kang Nan clenched both fists and got up.

Emotions are not important.

She came here by throwing away everything for the sake of one purpose.

"I'll definitely... I'll definitely take you there."

Before long, the battle on the wall had reached its climax.

Shiina's freezing magic restrained the Maras, and Kuan flew in and cut off their frozen bodies.

Etela exploded the body of a giant Mara with a yin-yang wave fist, and Zulu and Armin used all their skills to block the bizarre abilities of the fallen angels.

And Sein... finally reached the central processor of 1st Mara Erg.

He passed through the place where countless circuits were tangled like a net and disconnected all connections with Ilwolgwangryun.

As the light of the magic circles in reality gradually weakened, Kariel's face crumpled slightly.

He lasted much longer than he thought.

It was a very unpleasant thing for him who looked down on humans like bugs.

'I want to sweep them away right now, but...'

But Kariel was different from Uriel in his way of thinking.

'There's a much simpler solution.'

He realized that it was time to execute his second plan and approached Miro with his hand outstretched.

The magic circle that suppressed her magic power in her head would explode and blow up her face.

Miro guessed Kariel's intention but still silently looked at the battlefield.

The front of the Hall of Corruption was bumpy with large and small craters created by Gaold's atmospheric pressure, and wherever Uriel's touch reached, a deep valley was created without fail.

'You've gotten stronger, Gaold.'

Gaold looked at the sky with empty eyes.

'Let's stop.'

Did he ever pour out so much in his life?

It was a sense of accomplishment that felt like he had achieved something even though he had achieved nothing.

'Yeah, let's give up. It wasn't mine from the start.'

It was a simple thing to think about.

Why couldn't he forget her? It was just a matter of changing his mind like flipping his palm.

'I'll be an association president again. I'll meet a much better woman than Miro. It could be a huge deal. I could have the most powerful power in the world. I'm sick of it.'
[Translated block]


```text
Gaold shed hot tears.

It's over.

If you forget Miro... the world is his.

Miro only....

“Huh! Black!”

Gaold clenched his teeth.

“Damn it! That's why it doesn't work...!”

I don't need anything.

Women, wealth, honor, even happiness.

“I'm the one who's doing this hard work!”

Only Miro.

If only for a day, or even a minute, he could laugh with her, he could pay any price.

“Damn it. Why even that...”

Can't I have it?

That dark heart burned his hell again and covered the world with flames.

“Are you still trying?”

Gaold stood up as he lay down.

He compressed the vacuum press with his upper body bent with his whole body twitching like a monster and popped out.

Kwaaaaaaang!

As the heat wave that seemed to melt the skin hit, Miro's eyes opened again.

Cariel also looked at the battlefield as if he was interested, but soon turned his head with his eyes wide open.

Chang! Chang! Chang!

Erg's magic circle broke in succession and Sein's consciousness returned to reality.

“Now! Go in!”

“This...”

Cariel accelerated the detonation of the magic circle he had planted in Miro's head.

As the roar sounded from his brain, Miro's eyebrows wrinkled and cold sweat ran down from his temples.

“Run! Hurry!”

As Sein's party rushed to Miro, the fallen angels rushed in and made a physical barrier.

They didn't even consider attacking or defending, they just had to fill the space, and they could tell how desperate the angels were just by looking at their single-mindedness.

Sein checked Miro's condition and stopped.

“Break through! There's no time!”

Kuan, Etela, Shiina opened the way with all their might.

As a very narrow, single passage opened, everyone infiltrated there.

Kuuuuuuung!

One fallen angel who descended from the sky at maximum speed blocked the passage again.

She landed almost on her knees and grabbed her wrist with her red eyes without pupils.

‘Barrier of pulse!’

As he synchronized everyone's biorythm and stopped their movement for a moment, Sein's face turned pale.

The explosive light of the magic circle pierced Miro's skull and leaked out.

‘Too late!’

“Iyaaaaa!”

Then a tearing scream came from below the wall.

Kang Nan, who had lifted one knee, flew like a cannonball and smashed the side of the fallen angel's face and went out.

Probably until Miro's head exploded. There was only about 0.8 seconds left.

Sein was the only one who could finish all calculations in that short moment.

The gap between nerve reaction speeds widened Sein finally broke through the passage and reached Miro.

‘Heh, it's too late.’

He saw Cariel smirk faster than he thought.

‘0.4 seconds! Is it possible?’

It was a tight time to even equip Ilwolgwangryun.

0.3 seconds.

Cheolryunan started to rotate, and Sein's consciousness began to head towards Miro.

0.2 seconds.

At that moment, Servant's calculation made a definite decision.

‘It's about 0.03 seconds late.’

As emotions rose faster than light, his chest swelled up.

‘Damn it...!’

0.1 seconds.

The magic circle attached to Miro burned brightly with a halo of reflection and burned intensely.

And... time stopped.

Stop.

Armin, who jumped over space-time with flicker magic, cast stop magic, and Cariel's mental action stopped, stopping the explosion situation at 0.1 seconds.

“Huh? Uh?”

A belated tear fell, and Sein lost his mind for a moment as if he didn't care about being a servant.

But no one could blame him.

Even in Miro's eyes, who had been keeping calm until now, emotions were revealed.

“Quick! Escape!”

The moment Armin shouted, Sein and Miro looked at each other and moved at the same time.

Miro reached out her hand, but Sein hugged her waist.
```
[Translated block]


"I'm sorry, Gaoold. Please understand this."

And without a chance to look back, he cast a teleportation spell and flew out of the wall.

"Gaoold!"

The moment Gaoold on the ground looked up, Sein, who was overwhelmed by emotion, shouted as he threw his spear.

"Let's gooooooo!"
[Translated block]