


[406] Final Decision (6)

Kurung. Kungkung.

The buildings of Istas stacked up and turned into a huge lump-shaped structure. It looked like a giant had rooted his thick legs on the ground.

Sein, who opened the warehouse on the right leg of the giant, spoke to Alpheus.

"Please reactivate Istas when we enter."

Those who do not go to heaven do not have the right to check the space-time of the labyrinth.

At least Alpheus thought so, and he intended to do what he could.

"Let's start."

There was no mischief on Gaold's face.

He finally meets the labyrinth.

He was rather glad that she was fascinated by the kaleidoscope. The anger that he had accumulated for 20 years might have been shaken.

As everyone entered the warehouse, Alpheus reactivated Istas.

The cube-shaped buildings began to repeat complex combinations and detachments according to the pattern set by Sein.

Kung. Kukung. Kung.

The sound of Istas's heart was heard.

As he moved his steps, Sein's pumpkin-colored pupils were ticking.

The left pupil was flicking left and right at a 15-degree angle, and only the right pupil was spinning at different speeds for each section.

Sein changed his stride instead of maintaining his walking speed. It was a way of controlling time by controlling space.

"This way."

When Sein turned at a right angle from the center of the warehouse and opened the door, another warehouse came up and the doors were connected by a corridor.

As soon as he crossed the boundary line, the warehouse he had stayed in before fell down and was overtaken by another block and moved away.

Such a process was repeated countless times.

'It's amazing. No one can imitate it without a servant.'

The warehouse moves, Sein moves, time moves.

It felt like his concept of space that he knew was collapsing. Shirone was really walking in 4-dimensional space-time.

When Sein's footsteps stopped in front of the final destination, Shirone's eyes were filled with faint emotions.

Supernatural Psychoscience Research Society

He missed the sign hanging there.

The sign that always returned to its place but tilted as if ignoring the balance.

When he opened the door, traces of agents messing around remained intact.

The formula that Iruki wrote on the blackboard was erased here and there, and the picture books that Nade didn't want to throw away were also torn apart and left behind.

Sein walked to where the sofa was.

"The supernatural psychoscience research society 12 seconds ahead of us. There is an upper part of Istas in that space-time coordinate. It's your turn now, Armin."

Armin stepped forward past Sein.

As a scale magician who deals with time and space, he guessed what the upper part of Istas was without any explanation.

"7 seconds. 6 seconds. 5 seconds."

As Sein started counting, a strong wind sound sounded as if caught in a storm current.

The pieces of the research society melted in the air density of the gale and became blurred, and a stone gate similar to Gepin's door seen in Galliant was superimposed on the table in front of the sofa as an afterimage.

Kuuuuuuuu!

"4 seconds. 3 seconds."

As time passed, the scenery became fainter and on the contrary, the color of the stone gate revived vividly.

The pieces flickered and faded transparently in the coordinates of space-time moving away.

"2 seconds. 1 second."

The moment when all kinds of scenery disappeared and only the shape of the stone gate reached 100% materialization.

"Now."

Armin cast a spell.

Stop.

"Oh my god......"

Shiina's eyes were colored with surprise.

Etelado, Shirone too, did not feel any different.

A specific space, a specific time, hidden upper part of Istas caught by stop magic revealed its appearance.

20 years ago, a genius girl who surprised the world appeared. And humanity imprisoned that girl in one coordinate of space-time where no one could find her.
[Translated block]
This is the truth of the upper layer of Istas, which was only rumored in Alpheus Magic School.

'This is what it was.'

Shirone finally understood Sein's words.

The origin of the cube. A place that countless agents could not find even if they died.

Armin turned away from the stone gate and said.

"The door will remain as long as time stops. But it would be better to do it as soon as possible. If the magic is released, you will be trapped in the space-time of the maze."

It didn't seem like that situation would happen, but it was a matter of life and death, so it was better to be careful.

Shirone had also escaped from the space-time of the maze before, but it was possible because she was an unlocker.

Besides, the current maze was trapped in a mirror, so she couldn't ask for her help.

Gaold didn't care about future problems or anything.

His heart was pounding, making his name as a first-class grand mage meaningless, and his face was more flushed than ever.

"Let's go, Sein."

"Hmm."

Sein's pupils, who followed behind, were also rotating in opposite directions.

A phenomenon that occurs when coldness and excitement work at the same time.

The reason he could join the ranks of the anti-magic strongest was thanks to this ability to perfectly separate emotions and reason.

"Did you say Shirone? You should do it."

The door leading to the upper layer was sealed with an immortal function like Gepin's door.

There are two unlockers in the team anyway. However, Armin had to focus on stop magic, so opening was Shirone's job.

When Shirone opened the immortal function, the characters on the stone gate emitted light and then decomposed into small cubes and spread out into spheres.

As the material melted down, a huge black hole was born.

"There... who goes first?"

She didn't know why, but she felt like she had to decide on an order.

It doesn't matter right now, but it could be interpreted as a historically significant event in the future.

"It would be right for the person who broke the seal to enter. Shirone, you are the first visitor."

Armin pushed Shirone with a gentle smile.

Seeing that, Shiina's head became complicated. She didn't even remember who Armin was now.

"Then I'll go in."

The sight went dark for a moment and then a view of looking at the center of a huge temple unfolded.

The pillars that reached 2 kilometers high supported the ceiling. The scenery was undoubtedly the space-time of the maze.

'I can't believe I came back here.'

People came over one by one from the black hole.

Like when Shirone first came here, they all seemed to lose their words at the sight of the huge temple that transcended human common sense.

"Huh? But..."

Shirone quickly turned around. Everyone looked around as if they had the same thought.

"What is this? What happened?"

The maze was not visible.

"Shirone, is this by any chance..."

"No. It's the space-time of the maze. It's no different from when I came here a year ago."

Gaold cast fly magic.

He flew quickly from one end of the temple to the other with a bang sound.

It was a 'jet' type magic that flew by exploding air pressure rather than maneuvering by force.

Gaold quickly flew around the large temple.

It was similar to Shirone's flight, but the level of movement was different.

His face began to distort horribly as he returned to his seat. It seemed like hellfire would break out at any moment.

"These damn bastards..."

"Calm down. Nothing has happened yet. It's just that there is no maze in the space-time of the maze."

There is no maze in the space-time of the maze.

It's true because it's not there, but it's something that can never happen.

First of all, there is no one who can enter and exit the space-time of the maze. And if you are trapped in a mirror, you can't get out on your own either.

No, if that were possible in the first place, Gaold wouldn't have waited 20 years for it.

"It's hijacking."
[Translated block]


Sain came to a conclusion.

"Maybe heaven kidnapped Miro."

Gaold asked.

"Is that possible? We haven't seen a single molecule come from heaven so far."

"No, there is."

Armin bent down and picked up the debris on the floor.

It was a stone fragment that had fallen from the ceiling when Miro's space-time was shocked.

He rubbed his fingers to check the material and said.

"I heard that a crack went into Miro's space-time a while ago. A lawgiver also came to the Kingdom of Tormia. I know that the magicians of the Akeanis sect dealt with it and reported it, but."

"But it's just a spirit body at best. It's impossible to kidnap a human whole with just a crack."

"That's also the opinion of the Ivory Tower. But that's only human thinking. If it's heaven, especially the archangels, they might have found a special way."

Sain pondered with his chin in his hand.

"Why did they take Miro?"

It was a seemingly strange question.

Heaven was plotting the final war, and since Miro's space-time was created, it had consistently shown its intention to infiltrate until now.

Shirone asked.

"Isn't it obvious that they're trying to break into this world?"

Etela said.

"No. I think that might be impossible."

Sain agreed.

"There's no effect in taking Miro alone. Even if they kill Miro, Miro's space-time won't be destroyed."

Shirone asked with a bewildered expression.

"It won't be destroyed?"

"Miro's space-time is basically a dimension based on nothingness. It creates new dimensions continuously within the dimension. It uses that infinity to create boundaries in space-time. And Miro raised the speed of nothingness even more through the mirror of three worlds. The theory is that even if Miro dies, the inertia of the mirror of three worlds will continue to strengthen Miro's space-time. Of course you won't understand."

The more you go to the mental world after the four realms, the weaker your consciousness control becomes and you are influenced by the most intense inertia of your life.

Even if the virtual zone is turned off, if you can't get out of nothingness, you'll be buried forever in your mind.

"No. I think I know."

Sain didn't even fart.

"That's just a misconception. The illusion of beginners who think they've grasped the essence as well as understanding the context."

How many people in this world understand Miro's space-time completely?

Even if he didn't know, it was none of his business for a kid who went to magic school.

Shiina said.

"Shirone passed through nothingness."

Sain's eyebrow muscles twitched. It was his maximum expression of surprise.

Only Miro had passed through nothingness at Alpheus Magic School. At that time, too, there was a fuss that a world-class genius had appeared.

'Hmm. Indeed, he's worth attracting Gaold.'

Gaold summed it up simply.

"Anyway, they can't kill him. But they took him anyway, so they must have found a way. We don't have much time. We'll go to heaven as soon as the team is ready."

Sain had no objection. He had been rummaging through the black line for 20 years for today.

'But... is this normal?'

It felt strange.

It was literally a feeling.

Was today's result, which happened now, really just an unfortunate situation that could happen to anyone, caused by small coincidences?

If so, what is the identity of this unpleasant sense of alienation that doesn't leave my head?

If things were going to get twisted like this, they should have been twisted somehow during the 19 years of time.

'It's irrational to think like this. The world doesn't go as you want it to. It's no different from superstition to give transcendent meaning to coincidence.'

He wanted to conclude like that.

But Sain couldn't shake it off in the end.

It wasn't an illogical thought. Rather, it was a subtle annoyance that occurred in the realm of intuition beyond logic.
[Translated block]


'Clearly......'

Something was wrong.
[Translated block]