


[436] Opportunity for Revenge (8)

"Geumgang Armor."

As Shirone muttered, the blade of Arman covered his body in an instant and turned into an organic robe.

The cheers of the Nor members erupted.

Shirone was currently touring the units under the Second Command and integrating the rebels.

Today was the last day of the schedule, and when someone questioned Shirone's sword, he even demonstrated it.

In heaven, swords were exclusive to Kergoans, so it was not unreasonable for Nor magicians to be curious.

'Phew, this feels like a performance.'

The name of the light of the 73rd district was definitely great.

At least the reaction of those who ran directly on the scene was much better than that of the headquarters.

-Focus point shape change. Unification signal system detected.

'Huh?'

Shirone narrowed his eyes at the information he had never heard before.

When he focused on the voice, Arman told him a new fact.

-User brain search. Synchronization. Possibility of integration into a single mental system presented.

'Ah, Ultima System.'

If a special change occurs in Shirone's mind, Arman also changes his function accordingly.

Arman's computing power was also done by borrowing Shirone's brain, so it was natural.

-Name, Ultima System. If integrated into a single mental system, duplication, transfer, contract termination impossible.

-Waiting for user decision.

'Termination impossible? Is there such a case?'

It meant that it changed from a contract-type object that could be terminated at any time to an ownership-type object.

A perfect personalized weapon.

In a way, it wasn't a bad thing to completely own Arman, but it was necessary to think deeply.

'Once it becomes mine, I can't sell it.'

The price is 4 billion gold.

Of course, it didn't seem like he would sell Arman no matter how much he gave him, but removing the possibility of transfer other than money was unpleasant.

'What if I integrate?'

-Unpredictable.

Arman could not find an answer to that.

Arman could not analyze what Shirone did not know either.

'I have no choice but to do it anyway.'

Shirone gave up his regrets and decided to share the Ultima System with Arman.

If you exchange information with a single signal, you can feel Arman almost like your own skin.

The future variables were not comparable to the current desperation.

There was no tomorrow since he came to heaven, and if there was any chance of strengthening, it was a rational choice to cling desperately.

-Integrated mental system configuration.

"Huh!"

Shirone lifted his head and opened his upper body wide.

Arman's organic matter tightened sharply and pressed his body.

Dozens of tentacles popped out like thorns and moved up and down, then wrapped around like a whirlwind and changed their shape.

"Wow!"

The rebels opened their eyes wide and watched Shirone.

The robe that looked like a rag had changed into a simple and neat appearance.

<Ultima Version of Magic Sword Arman> (Function Equipped: 0)

An ideal magician's robe in Shirone's mind was implemented as it controlled organic matter to the end.

'It's amazing. This is just my body.'

If he had shared information with his brain in between until now, now signals were coming and going in the realm of instinct beyond reason.

It was literally integration.

Shirone's complex mind turned into simple signals and stored them in objects.

That's why Shirone and Arman were able to achieve perfect compatibility and connect to the end of the nerve plexus.

'2 Ultima Systems...'

An entity that can unify and control all signals, whether biological or non-biological, has been created again.

Shirone didn't even know how this would work in the future, but one thing was clear.

"Nephilim! Lead us to victory!"

"Until the light of the 73rd district becomes the light of heaven!"

It was a perfect situation as propaganda production.
[Translated block]


```text
The Galtomic that was chasing Armin's group had a form of a human upper body mixed with a horse lower body.

Every time it swung its fist, a black flash swept through, and rocks as big as cliffs were shattered.

An S-class creature meant that it was so powerful that it had no predators within 100 kilometers of its environment.

More than anything, Galtomic's true value was in its immense magic that absorbed the laws and turned them into its own power.

"Krau! Krau!"

As Galtomic flew up with a unique battle cry and swung its fists like a gale, the ground was scorched as if the distance had disappeared.

Armin's group scattered in different directions and began to counterattack.

Blizzard was laid and the temperature dropped sharply, and Kuan and Etella surrounded Galtomic.

The sword and the fist matched each other as if they were in rhythm, and in the tempo of the attack that was woven without any gaps, Galtomic was shocked and fell to the ground.

As Armin cast slow magic, Shina's glacier bombing fell over Galtomic's head trapped in slow time.

As a glacier weighing nearly 60 tons fell, the ground shook.

In the mist of rising cold air, Galtomic, who had exhausted his last strength, flew at Shina like a spear of Inma.

At the same time, Kuan flew in an S-shaped trajectory and appeared as if he was floating in front of Shina and rotated.

The vibration of the air caused by the high-speed rotation of 10 times per second pierced the eardrum, and Kuan's sword cut Galtomic in two.

Hooong.

Kuan's rotational force was transmitted to Shina through the wind.

It was cold with her freezing magic.

Shina had more than ten ways to defend against surprise situations acquired through experience, learning, and training, but in this case, she should naturally greet him.

"Thank you. I'm safe thanks to you."

"I was just looking for an opportunity to throw a counter."

Shina cut off her words and looked at Kuan's back as he moved away.

He had a very cold personality since he came to heaven.

It was essentially different from Shina's coldness.

'I want to have a deep conversation with him once...'

Shina became a little interested in the swordsman named Kuan, but on the contrary, Kuan only felt deeper self-loathing.

'Damn it! It's completely gone.'

There was no technical mistake in cutting Galtomic. It was just that his heart was beating fast.

The thought that crossed his mind at the moment of one sword was that he wished Shina would recognize his true value.

It was an unfamiliar feeling for Kuan.

He never wanted to look into someone's thoughts before.

But now it was different.

He wanted to know what kind of impact his actions had on her.

'Pull yourself together. This is a battlefield, and my grave.'

"Shina, are you okay?"

Shina, who was looking at Kuan, turned her face coldly as Armin came over.

"I'm not a kid, I'll refuse that kind of worry from now on."

Etella organized the emotional arrows of three people pointing in different directions in her head.

The teamwork wasn't good, but maybe this situation created a strange synergy.

'Anyway, it's amazing, Mr. Armin.'

Galtomic was a powerful creature that could not be compared to any monster on the continent.

Of course, there were no weak enemies in hunting so far.

Even so, they were able to win because of the combination of four people's skills, but Armin's contribution was great.

Crowd control provides fatal opportunities in combat. And Armin, who is currently in the party, is probably the most powerful mage who can use crowd control in the world.

'If we keep going like this
[Translated block]


```text
"Wow. I didn't expect you to find a way to capture it so quickly."

I had never thought of anything like a capture method. Armin's crowd control was so effective.

"I'm just curious, what elixirs did you get?"

Etella obediently revealed.

"12 white elixirs, 32 intermediate green elixirs, 15 advanced red elixirs."

"That's awesome. You worked hard, how about taking a break? That should be enough to use in the mainland and still have some left."

Armin said.

"I'm not here to play. Subsistence ear Kuzen, photosynthetic monster body Olkir, armor mineral species Ringer. If you catch these three types of monsters, the contract will be concluded."

"Of course. From then on, I'll give you a whole factory, so make whatever you want."

"I'll go ahead."

As Armin's party left the room, Meatgun, who was standing next to Frankwine, said.

"Isn't that too fast? Even the mainland's first-class hunters take days to catch Galtonic."

"It must be because of that lord. The others are decent too, but that lord feels different. If I had to rank him by hunting grade, he would be triple S or higher."

Frankwine's intuition was animalistic in both business and hunting.

"That's why I'm worried. He could be a stumbling block for Yamaeng in the future."

"It's okay, it's okay. Does a merchant choose people to do business with? Send the body to Laysis. And don't forget the conditions we offered."

Meatgun seemed to have something more to say, but eventually shut his mouth and left the room.

Frankwine's mouth twisted grotesquely as he was left alone.

'Hehehehe, it turned out to be a huge deal. Right, Laysis?'

* * *

The Pujix machine flashed with light.

As the glass tube was dismantled, Shirona emerged from the biological fusion.

The type A clone without the Ultima system was definitely different from type B.

Although it was still able to accept specific traits without any problems, there was a level of collapse that could not be overlooked, and the shape was also out of control.

Shirona's body was covered with red scales and smoke rose from one eye.

It was the day when the comprehensive fusion of the body received from Yamaeng took place. And it was also the first day that Galtonic's trait was added.

"Co, Commander. Look at these numbers! It's amazing!"

The numbers on the magic measurement device developed by themselves were rising geometrically.

Galtonic's magic amplification combined with Shirona's avatar to produce an enormous amount of magic.

Shirona's magic exploded and Akamai shook.

Even though Akamai was further enhanced from the prototype, it was powerful enough to break the anti-thesis.

Kwaaaang!

As photon cannons shot in all directions from the laboratory, Laysis looked at Shirona with an amazed look.

'Ah, Shirona. You are so beautiful.'

It was a devilish love.

A love without a word of consideration for the other person, only possession is everything.

"Commander! We need to take action! At this rate, the lab will...!"

Laysis didn't budge until the researcher's scream was buried by the sound of photon cannons.

As the fusion progressed, Shirona was approaching the strongest creature.

And all the information obtained here will be used to strengthen Akamai.

"Huhuhu. Where shall we start with our first kiss?"

Laysis' skin turned red and her waist bent and stretched as her spine popped out along her back.

The thigh became hard as a rock, and the sole of the foot stretched out like a reptile.

"Kraaaaa!"

Fire and lightning mixed smoke spewed straight out of her mouth and covered Shirona.

"Keeeeee!"

Shirona's body melted but regenerated in an instant.

It was a trait of cancerous cell growth body cancer.

"Kyakyakyakya! Awesome, Shirona! Don't you think so?"

Shirona hid her appearance with Horolos' ability of transparent ears.

Because there is no Ultima system, various monsters' natures are working as they are in his mind.
```
[Translated block]


"It's gone! Find it quickly!"

As soon as the researcher reached the scan device, a slime that suddenly popped out melted him.

"Aaaaaah!"

The ability of the acid king Muusa.

If it hits properly, it melts even super-strong metal made with elixir.

When the slime fell to the floor, toxic gas rose.

The researchers grabbed their throats and suffered, and Laysis raised his wide hand to block the slime.

In an instant, his hand melted down and the bone was exposed, and then the bone also fell like a burnt matchstick.

"Kuk!"

Laysis was also at his limit.

If he fought more, the laboratory would be destroyed as the researcher said.

"Release Akamai!"

The researcher who was on the verge of fainting crawled and pressed the scan device.

As soon as Siron's coordinates were confirmed, three more Akamais came in from the left and right walls and activated the anti-thesis.

The pupils of Akamai, who desperately held Siron, all had blood vessels.

Still, Siron was moving slowly.

Laysis, who had turned into a monster, twisted his face absurdly.

'Even with four Akamais, it's just holding on.'

It's not just because a new trait has been added.

Siron's potential was exploding through biological feedback.

* * *

Armin and his party encountered a bottleneck for the first time since receiving the list from Yamaeng.

The creature that made them embarrassed belonged to the hunting rank double S, a shellfish mineral species called Ringer.

Height 2 meters and weight 14 tons.

It has four legs, but when in a hurry, it rolls up its body like a ball and rolls.

The speed was fast, which made hunting difficult, but the most serious thing was the carapace covered with white metal.

Kwakwakwakwakwakwa!

Wherever Ringer charged, there was inevitably a road, and trees and rocks exploded without distinction.

Armin cast two types of slow magic on Ringer's left and right. Ringer bounced at an incredible speed as the time zones crossed each other.

Bang! Kwakwakwakwang!

From the perspective of relativity of time, it was an attack that even rebar should have torn apart, but Ringer just rolled around like a ball that had eaten a wild spin.

"Phew, this is really..."

This was Armin's first time encountering such a creature.

Even if they were strong, there were several types of Ringer, but Ringer was definitely a unique creature in terms of durability.

Etella decided after confirming that Kuan's sword did not even enter her teeth.

"We can't catch it like this even if we lose. Let's cooperate."

Shina said.

"Brother, slow down Ringer with slow. I'll cast Absolute Zero."

Etella also thought that was a good idea.

"Then I'll finish it."

A short meeting ended and a real battle took place immediately.

As Ringer slowed down by slow, Shina hit Absolute Zero, which can be called the strongest freezing magic.

"Kiaaaaaa!"

At the same time, Etella rushed in.

Thousand Hands Guanyin Thunder Strike.

Etella's body created an afterimage in place as she hit uppercuts repeatedly.

A pair of scissors that could be called a fire dragon went in and 68,000 interference waves occurred.

Kukukukukukukung!

Ringer's crouched body shook heavily.

Five seconds later, a slight crack appeared on the carapace, and Ringer's body popped with a thud.

"Phew."

Etella sat down with an exhausted expression.

The most horrifying thing was that durability was only able to crack even with Oui of Yin-Yang Wave Fist.

"It's amazing. It was definitely double S rank."

Armin agreed.

"If it wasn't a wave series, it would have been much harder to deal with. I'm curious at this point. Why does Yamaeng collect corpses of such creatures?"

Clap. Clap. Clap.

Then applause came from the forest.

Armin and his party felt a bad feeling and turned their heads, and there was silence for a while.

It was Cage B team they met on the mainland. In front of them was deputy team leader Horkin carrying his back and approaching them.

"It's nice to see you again in this place."
[Translated block]


Etelra smiled and said.

"I guess we had a connection in our previous life."

"You were a great warrior as I heard from the rumors. By the way... where is Gaold now?"

"Huh?"

Horkin raised his lips at the sight of Etelra pretending not to know without changing his expression.

"I'm sorry I didn't recognize you then. Bishop of the Carcass Capital Council, Romy Etelra."

As if they had made a promise, everyone's body was filled with energy.
[Translated block]