
[424] The Second Command (3)

Shirone finished undressing and walked through a long tunnel. Gas sprayed out of the cracks in the wall, sterilizing her body.

She held her breath in case there was any hidden intention, and completed the short tunnel.

As she entered the next gate, a large cave appeared.

Sunlight sparkled through the many holes in the ceiling, reminiscent of the stars in the night sky.

Shirone, who had been looking at the ceiling for a moment, lowered her head and focused on the strange thing in front of her.

"What is this?"

A huge gel-like liquid was lying like pudding.

When Shirone hesitated because she didn't know how to use it, an old man's voice came from the ceiling.

"This is a procedure to coat your sterilized body. Just go through it."

"Hmm."

Shirone sent the drone first to the entrance, then took a deep breath and dug into the gel.

It was actually slippery like pudding, so there was no difficulty in walking.

But the feeling was very strange. Her sensitive parts were stimulated and a slight flush appeared on her face.

As she entered the next room, a warm space with red light came out.

The gel on her body dried up in an instant, perfectly coating Shirone's whole body
[Translated block]


Flu confidently moved one leg to the side and put his right hand on his hip.

He knew he was doing it on purpose.

"It can't be helped if it's a physical examination. But aren't you too wrapped up for someone who says that?"

Lacis laughed cheerfully.

"Ho ho ho! I'm a commander in my own way. Just wait a little. I'll finish quickly and give you clothes."

A woman with a syringe came over and drew blood from Siro and Flu sequentially. Next to them, two people stuck to them and collected their hair.

Lacis was satisfied with their calm appearance.

"I've studied your magic before. It's a system where the spirit of the Nor and the knowledge of the Mecca are mixed. But in my opinion, you are closer to Nor after all."

Flu, who had been watching the dissection scene of a huge piece of meat, turned his head to Lacis.

"On what basis do you say that?"

"Because you understand the meaninglessness of the body. The Nor are a race that is immersed in the spiritual world. There are many naked and cut bodies here. In fact, the human body is nothing more than a collection of functions when it is disassembled. What really matters is contained here."

Lacis tapped his head.

"But the Mecca didn't understand that. They melted iron, hammered it, and made strange things. In fact, biological experiments are the same. But they hated it and rejected the Nor as backward."

Siro could guess where the conflict between Mecca and Nor started.

"The sample collection is over."

When the procedure was completed, the bald man brought them clothes. He didn't look happy, maybe because he was always doing errands.

Siro asked.

"When will you measure the spirit force?"

"We'll start now. Look at this."

The scholars of Nor put some of the blood and hair collected from the two into a blue liquid.

As bubbles boiled up and turned into a sticky green liquid, Lacis pointed to the elixir separator and said.

"It's a drug that comes down with Nor's vision. Green, yellow, white elixir mixed in a certain ratio and fused with biological cells produces a substance that reveals biological qualities. If you neutralize it with distilled water and cast magic, you can know your affinity."

"Ho ho, is that so?"

Flu approached and watched with his chin propped up.

It was his first time to see a biological experiment using elixir.

"You don't have to feel pressured. It doesn't mean your skills are low even if your affinity is low. You can think of it as evaluating your potential for magic."

Potential.

It was always a topic that never left their minds for Siro and Flu, who were new to the magic society.

Also, because it was an impossible measurement method in the real world, they couldn't hide their inner feelings that they wanted to know even if they left their mission.

"Can we do it now?"

"No. According to tradition, newcomers measure their affinity in front of Nor. If you measure it privately, you might get in trouble later. Your rank is determined by percentage, and you can also get promoted if you train hard."

Siro and Flu went outside.

Not all of them, but most of them working at headquarters were gathered in the open space.

In the center of the open space, there were two drums installed to hold liquid, and glass pipes connected to the ground bent up from under the ground and rose up to 10 meters high.

While looking at the device, the bald man brought two 20-liter water bottles with a grunt.

It was a liquid containing Siro and Flu's biological qualities.

When they poured it into the drum, the silver liquid locked in the underground glass pipe raised its water level and matched exactly zero.

Lacis shouted from the podium.

"Now we begin the tradition of welcoming new members!"

All Nor looked at her.

"I guarantee that there is not an inch of deception in measuring spirit force. Also, their positions will be determined according to today's results. Then let's start measuring affinity."
[Translated block]


```
"I'll go first."

As Flue rolled up his sleeves and walked to the device, the bald man who was waiting explained the measurement method.

"Dip both hands in the barrel and get ready to cast magic. Then the pressure of the liquid will change and the water level in the glass tube will rise."

"Hmm, then do I have to enter the spirit zone?"

The bald man, who had been staring at Flue dipping his hands in the liquid, licked his lips as if he remembered all the hardships he had gone through.

"By the way, my affinity is 16 percent."

"So?"

"It's a figure that ranks in the top 20 percent of Norcians. It means that your rank is determined by your potential, no matter how shabby your magic is. So it's better to do your best. It'll be hard to work under me."

The bald man leaned in and whispered.

"Hehe, I saw you earlier. You were killing it, right?"

Flue opened his eyes slightly.

'You like the meaninglessness of flesh.'

He didn't believe it from the start, but there was always a feeling of wrapping or hiding something in Laysis's words.

Biological experiments, human bodies, whatever they say, humans are still humans.

'There's definitely something.'

Flue folded his thoughts and focused on the measurement.

If his potential was lower than that of the bald man who was snorting as if he had gained a treasure-like memory, he would really want to die.

"I'll start."

As Flue opened his eyes wide and entered the spirit zone, the liquid bubbled and the water level in the glass tube rose sharply.

"Wow!"

There was an exclamation from the people.

Their eyes were fixed on a point that exceeded 2 meters.

"Tw, twenty......"

Affinity 28 percent.

There was a buzzing sound from all sides.

28 percent was an affinity that belonged to the highest officers in Norcian headquarters.

Even if he learned ancient magic from now on, he would have enough talent to become a strong man in a few years.

The bald man, who had been gaping at the glass tube, slowly turned his head to Flue.

Flue, who was waiting with a bashful smile, tapped the bald man and said.

"Then I look forward to working with you, my subordinate."

"Ah, no, this is because......"

"Don't worry. I'm not interested in your body, bald man. Of course, there's nothing to see either, haha!"

Flue left behind the bald man who had turned red to his scalp and returned to his seat.

Shirone greeted him with a high five.

'It's Flue senior.'

The top graduate of the Royal Magic Academy.

A future great magician who reached level 8 at only twenty-two years old.

He was one of the few in the kingdom in terms of talent alone.

"You did well. Show them what you've got for sure."

As Shirone walked to the measuring device, the noise that had been stirred by Flue disappeared in an instant.

The light of 73rd district, the symbol of rebellion.

It was the moment when his true colors were revealed.

"Hoo."

Shirone took a breath and put both hands in the liquid.

The tense atmosphere pressed down on his heart as he closed his eyes and entered the spirit zone.

Boom!

The liquid in the barrel boiled so much that it spouted like a fountain and water splashed everywhere.

"Huh? Wha-what-what?"

The Norcians made strange noises and lowered their heads.

It was over 4 meters high.

"That's impossible......"

Affinity 42 percent.

Norcian history had never seen or heard of such a high number.

"What, what is this? Is it broken?"

Everyone knew that there was no such thing as a Norcian.

Unlike Meccan technology that could malfunction, material reactions did not lie.

The reason they wanted to deny the result was because Shirone's number far exceeded Laysis, the current commander.

Laysis frowned slightly and said nothing.

'42 percent? Is this a reasonable number?'

If he wasn't going to learn ancient magic, 42 percent might just be a number.

```

What do you think of this translation? Do you have any feedback or questions?
[Translated block]


But in terms of affinity for magic, that is, talent, he was unrivaled.

The bald man shouted angrily.

"There's something wrong with this! How can it be 42 percent? That's not a realistic number!"

Some of the Norins agreed with him.

They were the ones who would be in a disadvantageous position if Lecis's power weakened, as her sidekicks.

"Right! No, even if 42 percent is true, it's just potential for Shirone who doesn't know ancient magic! I can't accept it!"

"Our commander is Lecis!"

Shirone dipped his hand in the liquid and lost his appetite.

To be honest, he didn't expect such a high number either.

But he wasn't foolish enough to give up the opportunity that suddenly came to boost Lecis's face.

He turned around as if to ask for agreement, and Flue raised his thumb with a smile.

"Scrape it off."

Shirone turned his head again and opened the immortal function with all his might.

The water level in the glass tube began to rise rapidly.

70 percent. 80 percent. 90 percent.

"Huh? Huh huh huh?"

The Norins' heads were completely vertical.

Finally, bang! The glass tube burst and the silver liquid scattered brilliantly.

It was as Shirone expected.

The immortal function that spread his mind to the whole world was not something that could be measured by a mere criterion of affinity.

"Whew, is it over now?"

No one said anything.

Only one thought came to mind for everyone who looked at him.

Nephilim.
[Translated block]