


[679] Sensation Occurs (3)

Lian did not deny Kido's words.

He had experienced to the point of boredom how human nature manifests in extreme situations.

Lian was also able to endure more than others, not because his nature was different and he did not do as they did.

"Come down. Let's decide the game."

Just because he's an enemy, he bends.

Erasing many meanings through simple goal setting was Lian's strength.

"Humans are really arrogant."

Kido, who jumped down from a high place, landed lightly and when he swung his spear, a sharp whistle was heard.

'He's agile.'

Lian, who had directly faced the storm's wig, knew best how fast it was.

'I guess it's faster.'

Kido's figure disappeared, and when Lian, who had twisted his waist, stood up the big straight sword, the sword clashed with a clang.

"Heup!"

But only the sound remains.

Lian, who was relaxed by Kido's agility, which had hidden his figure again, realized his misjudgment.

'It's not faster.'

It's much faster.

Although he didn't see the battle directly, it was clear that Wig was hit without a proper counterattack.

Piririri. Piririri.

The whistle from the spear has a fatal disadvantage of exposing the location, but if the speed is so fast, it is rather distracting.

"Kiki, it's different, the knight of Maha."

'Do you know me?'

As Kido, who was hanging on the spear, spun like a wheel and rushed on the ground, sparks flew where the blade was stuck.

The interval of the flames is 4 meters, 5 meters, 6 meters, and sparks flew all around as if it had penetrated Lian.

'Bend here!'

As Kido, who had rolled on the ground unconsciously, swung his spear, Lian instinctively kicked the ground and flew up.

"Heung, sticking two legs to the ground and living..."

Kido, who arrived at the landing point first, leaned his back on the ground and caused a whirlwind and swung his spear.

"Always looking up at the sky."

Goblin Spear Technique-Blade Hell.

"Keuuuu!"

Although anti-gravity was impossible, Lian overcame the inertia of the fall with the ability of divine transcendence and landed far away.

"Kiki, you can do one."

Kido, who rolled on the ground while still spinning, quickly approached Lian's feet and swung his spear.

"Kuk!"

A hot pain was felt from the Achilles tendon.

Before Lian could counterattack, Kido, who had distanced himself, tore his mouth and raised his right hand.

"How about it, can you see what's under your feet now?"

There was flesh torn from Lian's ankle.

"You... realized something."

There is no way he could have reached such a technical level just by being a goblin.

Kido chewed the flesh in his mouth.

"......"

Lian did not feel any particular sensation, but he did not miss the deep feeling that flickered in the snake-like pupils for a moment.

Goblin Avatar Technique-Law of the Earth.

"All creatures live clinging to the ground."

When humans were looking up at the sky and imagining the universe, there was a goblin who humbly lay down on the ground.

"The earth embraces everything. It gives food, provides a place to sleep, and accepts excrement. Just like a mother."

One day, when such a thought came to mind, he gave up walking and crawled on the ground.

He tasted the soil, listened to the vibrations of the earth, and observed everything that came out of it.

When he discovered that the creatures who had already realized were entrusting their lives entirely to the mother's arms, tears flowed with overwhelming emotion.

It was the first tear of a goblin's life.

At the end of a year's time, his limbs spread out like a tadpole's hands and feet.

At first, he crawled on his stomach, but as his fingers and toes gradually gained strength, he moved like a bug, lifting his stomach.

And finally, when his mind and body were perfectly harmonized with the earth, he finally realized.

Gravity.

The principle of moving in the arms of the earth.
[Translated block]


It was clear how deep the thought was, just by the fact that a goblin, weaker in introspection than a human, had realized the incarnation.

"You are also a creature. As long as you are bound by the law of the earth (gravity), you cannot catch me. Will you continue anyway?"

"I guess I have to."

Lian, with the great sword on his shoulder, moved his steps, dusting off his regenerated ankle.

"Listening to you, I came up with a way to win."

"Really?"

As Kido accelerated by rotating the spear, the sound of the flute began to grow endlessly.

"Expect it."

The moment he lifted both legs into the air, his body seemed to spin and disappeared out of sight.

'It's definitely a speed that's hard to catch up with human eyes, but...'

Lian, with the great sword on his shoulder, twisted his body sharply while lowering his center of gravity.

'I am Yacha!'

Acting-Dinai.

"What?"

As the scenery around Lian strangely wavered, Kido quickly braked.

The great sword, the size of a real sword, passed by in front of his eyes at a speed beyond imagination, and Lian's muscles twisted with a thud.

"Yaaaaa!"

Lian did not stop and rushed towards Kido.

The scenery, like a carpet, was crushed and pushed in, a characteristic of Dinai, which destroys Kido's cognitive ability from the action of denying.

"Woaaaa!"

But Kido also revealed the fighting spirit of a belligerent goblin and charged forward.

In a short moment, dozens of matches were held, and the sound of iron hitting each other was noisy.

Goblin Spear Art-Baekpalbeonnoe.

The blades on the left and right were almost simultaneously pushed in, and they spread out in all directions, creating an afterimage.

But Lian's movements also moved at a speed comparable to that, bouncing off the blade.

'What the hell is this...'

When the sword of the real sword size created an afterimage, even the sound of the flute was buried in the strong wind.

The power was of a different dimension, and Kido rolled on the ground, crouching his body at the shock that seemed to crush his hand.

"Kiiiiii!"

He screamed and aimed at Lian's ankle, but he was already floating in the air.

'I got it!'

Kido, who was stuck to the ground like a bug, slid towards the landing point.

Even so, it was faster than bipedal walking, and at the exact timing, he crouched his body and spread out a blade hell.

"What...!"

In Kido's spinning field of view, Lian was still nailed in the air.

'Magic?'

There's no way!

'Why isn't it falling? Could it be?'

He transcended gravity.

The one who flies towards the unknown, leaving the arms of Mother Earth, the mother of all creatures.

When the thought reached there, a chill ran up his spine.

'Bend!'

When the will of the transcendental god applied Dinai to the law, the sky behind Lian split in two and rushed in.

"Kuuuuu!"

Kido, who hurriedly stopped spinning, pushed his body with all his might, and the great sword fell like lightning in his place.

Kwaaaaang!

The ground split with a tremendous roar, and Lian jumped out through the thick dust.

"Wait! Stop!"

Kido shouted, but Lian's determination, which had already made up his mind, was unwavering.

"Shirone!"

So shouted Kido, who closed his eyes tightly at the sight of the great sword.

"......to meet......"

Realizing that he was alive because his tongue was still moving, he slowly opened his eyes, and the blade was stopped right in front of his nose.

'Is it stopped, but...?'

The sound of muscles twisting from Lian's forearm, which denied the inertia of tremendous power, was heard.

"What is Shirone?"

It was the only keyword that could stop Lian, and Kido, who realized that the thought was correct, sat down on the ground.

"Whew, this was the ability of Maha. I looked down on it because there was no schema, but it was a complete monster, wasn't it?"

The tip of the great sword pressed Kido's stomach.

"I'll listen to your next statement."

"I need Shirone."

Words popped out without a chance to catch his breath.

"And I need Shirone too."
[Translated block]
"......What nonsense are you talking about?"

"Shirone is looking for La Enemy. I'm the same. That's why I quit Speedkiller and I'm here."

Come to think of it, Kido was alone.

"Do you want me to believe that? You're also a member of the Spectrum. Weren't you following La Enemy?"

"The situation is complicated."

Kido said, shaking his head.

"I don't think he's real. He only exists as an incident. Of course, he came to me too. He said he would make me the king of goblins, and even the king of humans. But I refused."

"Why? That's what you guys want, right?"

"I knew he killed my sister."

Lian frowned.

"I don't know what you're talking about. You just said that La Enemy only exists as an incident, and now you say he killed your sister?"

"He eats."

Kido pointed to his throat with his long fingers.

"After my sister died, I ate my sister's body."

It was not a special event in goblin society.

"When you eat a creature, you remember that creature. Not all, but some specific memories. I call this 'the taste of memory'."

Lian slowly withdrew his sword.

"At first, I thought goblins were like that. So I lived without thinking. I ate people, and I ate this and that. Then I found out. I'm the only goblin who likes to read books and play music with a whistle."

Kido got up, dusting off his seat.

"When I ate my sister, the most powerful existence in her memory was La Enemy. I don't know how, but it seems like she died of shock in terrible despair. The reason for killing my sister was probably to provoke my anger. But as you can see......"

Kido shrugged his shoulders wide.

"I'm not a common goblin."

"So? Are you going to take revenge?"

"I wanted to if I could. But that would also be the emotion of some creature I ate. Because goblins don't take revenge. Then I learned about you and Shirone."

It was through Wig's flesh.

"And again, I ate your flesh and learned about the relationship between Shirone and La Enemy. According to that memory, the current hearing, touch, and smell are gathered in Radum. And if I am the existence corresponding to taste......"

It must be certain.

"La Enemy is designing something. It induces a specific pattern of incidents by colliding variables. Then we can say that we are also inevitable. I don't know about sight, but I think it will appear when the time comes."

"Hmm, so the variables collide......"

'I didn't understand.'

Kido stopped explaining and said the main point.

"Anyway, we have two choices. Whether to live as La Enemy designed, or to reject it."

Regaining free will was as important a problem as life for Kido, who had realized the god of fire.

"To choose the latter, we need to know what La Enemy needs to design. I can do it."

Kido pointed to his sharp teeth.

"If we materialize La Enemy through the five senses, I eat it. I'm stealing La Enemy's blueprint through the taste of memory."

'It's good for Shirone.'

Before making a decision, Lian looked back at Wig's body with a regretful look.

'Wig of the Gale.'

He felt a sense of homogeneity as a swordsman who made a name for himself around the same time, but there was no room for personal feelings in what Shirone was doing.

'I'm sorry.'

It's not childish to argue who made the first mistake in battle.

However, he had to engrave the guilt of not being able to avenge him as a fellow mercenary.

'See you in hell.'

Lian, who had made a decision, looked back at Kido and said.

"Follow me. I'll take you to Shirone."
[Translated block]