


[463] The Call of Ra (5)

The land of the fallen giants, Muspelheim.

In a place where the unquenchable flame stretches to the horizon, the fire giants lived.

They were born from the fire of the sun through the liquor of the sun, and they had only burning hatred in their minds, with no clear purpose or cause.

Kariel walked leisurely through the battlefield where they screamed and wounded each other.

They also knew that if they spat out a breath of fire at the beautiful archangel, who was once under the command system of heaven, they would be instantly annihilated.

The leader of the fire giants, Surtr, came to meet Kariel.

He was seven meters tall and wore a flame armor, and his stature was comparable to that of a god, but even he knelt down in the most devout posture when he faced the archangel.

"I am humbled to see you, Lord Kariel."

A hot heat enveloped Kariel.

The strongest creature in heaven biologically was undoubtedly Imir, but the fire giants had a little unique feature compared to other giants.

That is, they use their own magic.

It was probably due to their free-thinking nature that originated from the unstructured fire.

There were only about three Marasur triangles of Ikael who could compete with Imir as warriors, but the strongest swordsman in hell was definitely Surtr.

"I have something for you to do for me."

Surtr raised his head in surprise.

His sword of fire, Muspel, spewed out a huge flame and dragged along the ground.

It was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for Surtr, who dreamed of returning to heaven, that the archangel asked for help from the fire giant.

"Please entrust me with anything!"

Kariel nodded his head satisfactorily.

He had entrusted all authority to Ikael, and she would stop the war.

Then Kariel's purpose would be gone, and there was no way to oppose Ikael, who had lost his limbs.

But they will come.

'Goaold.'

He will definitely come. As long as Miro is alive.

'I hate to admit it...'

Miro is outstanding.

If he has the most outstanding magician among humans, he will have a chance to change the situation of heaven at any time.

Now was not the time to be picky about gathering troops.

"Form an elite unit and come to Second Heaven Lakia. I'll be waiting at the Hall of Corruption."

"The most suitable place for us."

The fire giants were banned from entering heaven, but according to the principle of law, only Laika, the city of fallen angels, was an exception, and this was why Kariel fled to Second Heaven.

"There's no time. Leave immediately."

Kariel gave orders and flew up to heaven.

It was time to greet the guests.

* * *

"Are you saying you have nothing to tell me?"

Shirone couldn't believe Ikael's words.

No, maybe this is true.

A vain delusion, or a selfish and very human wishful thinking.

Those effects caused an illusion.

But how do you explain this faint memory that remains as an afterimage in your head, and the feeling that your heart beats when you try to touch that memory?

"Maybe..."

Shirone couldn't bring himself to say it.

He couldn't bear the sadness when he heard the same answer again, so he tried to ask around.

"Who is Geofin?"

Thud.

Ikael's glory body shook again.

If angels saw this scene, they would have been shocked enough to lose their minds.

Ikael regained his senses as he thought about it.

As the commander of heaven, he couldn't show a distorted appearance in front of the rebels who came for a truce agreement.

"Geofin is the last Gaian. He left Kwangjagye after losing to Heaven in the war. Of course, all information is now lost."

Shirone also knew about Geofin's deletion.

But how did Ikael have memories of him?
[Translated block]


There was only one possible reason.

It meant that she had personal memories of Gepin that were objectified, just as humans guessed the existence of Gepin through his relics.

It was absolutely impossible for humans who lived only 100 years, but this was heaven, which had the deepest connection with Gepin.

"Was he a close friend?"

Ikael shook his head.

He really had a headache when he thought of that time.

"No. He was an ignorant human. He didn't know how to compromise. If it weren't for him, the Gaia people wouldn't have paid so much sacrifice."

His reaction was subtly different from when he met Ikael on the first trip to heaven.

Maybe it was natural.

According to the records of Babel, Gaia and Heaven fought fiercely for each other's annihilation.

"So you met him as an enemy."

"We clashed countless times and argued countless times. He was a strong person. Even I, an archangel, couldn't make a decision."

The corners of Ikael's mouth rose unknowingly.

Even though he was recalling the memories of fighting, there was a happy light in his eyes.

"Once there was this thing......"

Ikael suddenly stopped talking.

He couldn't remember anything.

It felt like a black hole had been drilled in the colorful space of memory.

As soon as he looked at the black space, all his feelings were sucked into it and a pain that felt like his chest was crumpled came over him.

Ikael opened his eyes wide and bit his lip.

'I can't do it anymore. I can't underestimate it anymore.'

She amplified her voice and shouted to everyone.

"I'll change the negotiator. The person in charge, come here."

Shirone panicked.

She must have known, and that's why she had to say something.

"Why are you lying?"

"What? I'm not lying about anything."

"You're different from before! There must be a reason why you taught me Ataraxia!"

"It's to keep Kariel in check. Thanks to that, I was able to come back to the position of archangel."

"No, you have to tell me. You have a responsibility to do so."

"The only thing I'm responsible for is heaven."

"You......!"

Shirone jumped up.

Both of them were arguing with each other with their energy, ignoring the core.

"You're me......!"

As Shirone was about to scream, the door opened with a bang.

The rebel commander Krud and Gaold's party, along with the officers, rushed in.

"What's going on?"

As soon as he entered the room, Plu checked Shirone's condition.

Fortunately, nothing bad had happened, but the atmosphere was fierce.

Ikael glared at Shirone as if angry, and Shirone also clenched both fists and bit her lip.

Ikael turned his head annoyed and said.

"I admit my mistake. I don't want to waste any more time. Tell me what you want. The only condition heaven wants is to stop the war."

Ikael had returned to being a stern archangel. And for Shirone, that was all he was.

Everyone moved their seats to the command and control room and sat around a round table.

Some people had no seats and stood up, including Shirone and Plu.

Ikael didn't even look at Shirone, who was staring at the wall.

Plu wondered why Shirone had made a face-to-face meeting with Ikael a condition, but he wondered if there was anything in the world that could make them blush when they sat alone together as archangels and humans.

Commander Krud said.

"These are our conditions. Returning the rebels to heaven. Prohibiting the wine of Ilwa. And depriving Kergoans of their sacrificial rights and electing leaders for all races. These are the three things."

Ikael's eyes settled calmly.

Why do humans like equality so much?

Everything in this world is not equal. Yet they value equality as the first value.
[Translated block]


'Because I am weak.'

Yes, it is a weakness.

Therefore, this is not a submission, but a mercy for the weak.

"Accept it. You will no longer suffer from the liquor of the sun."

"That's not enough."

One of the officers standing on the wall stepped forward.

He had been staring at Ikael with a menacing look since he came here. He was someone who had lost his family in the war with heaven.

"Do you know how much damage we suffered because of you? Now you want to make it as if nothing happened?"

"Debra, calm down."

Crud tried to dissuade him, but Debra couldn't contain his anger.

"Don't you at least have to suffer the same pain? One of the angels should apologize and kill himself as a representative! That's my condition!"

Equality.

Ikael nodded his head. It was something he couldn't go against Anke Ra's will.

"I understand. Converge."

The round table murmured.

Debra might have lost his reason, but they didn't expect him to allow even the suicide of an angel.

Then another officer who was watching the situation stepped forward.

"Give us eternal life."

He was someone who had a malignant tumor spreading in his body and didn't have much time left.

"You don't disappear even if you die, do you? What's the big deal about killing one angel? Give us eternal life too! That's the condition!"

Equality.

Ikael couldn't stand it any longer after three consecutive proposals of equality.

The tension in the room rose as his eyes turned cold. Then the command center began to shake as if there was an earthquake.

"How far will you rebel, humans?"

Chiiiiing!

Ikael's light wheel expanded and Ataraxia accumulated in an instant.

Gaold pressed down with air pressure and the round table flattened.

Ikael had already left his seat and flew up through the ceiling.

"Damn it! Follow him!"

Ikael's trademark Ataraxia amplifies all kinds of power that exist in the world.

That's why it's the strongest.

Even a gentle spring breeze can turn into a typhoon that sweeps away the world when Ataraxia works.

Sein turned his iron wheel and cast Equilibrium, but it was not enough to restore Ikael's information.

"Attack! If we don't catch him now, it's doom!"

Crud glared at the officers who had ruined the negotiation and jumped out.

He couldn't blame them. He himself felt a momentary hope that maybe he could do it.

What Ikael was amplifying was the water vein flowing under the headquarters.

The amplification power was at least 20,000 times or more.

When the water vein breaks out, everything in the headquarters will be shattered.

"As the archangel, I command you."

Ataraxia shot a brilliant light into the sky.

"Destroy."

The ground shook vertically and cracks appeared on the floor.

The buildings made of iron began to tear like paper clips, and despair filled the faces of humans.

Gaold's thought was accurate.

It was Ikael who could not be justified by the name of battle, but only by sheer power.

-Target for elimination: Archangel Ikael.

Just as a huge explosion was about to occur, a black object flew toward Ikael at high speed.

It was an afterimage to everyone, but only to Ikael, it looked like Babel's shape was stuffed in his memory.

He couldn't avoid it even though it wasn't an unavoidable speed. The reason was because of the black hole in his memory.

'What is it? What did I forget that my mind......'

After more than 10,000 characters of thought passed by human standards, Babel arrived in front of Ikael.

She twisted her body leisurely.

At that moment, an unknown binding force grabbed her body.

She quickly turned her eyes and saw Shirone transformed into diamond armor activating Akamai's antithesis.

'Shirone......?'

Bang!

Babel's fist hit Ikael's face.

Ikael's body, which was exposed to tremendous power, plunged vertically and barely stopped falling by spreading golden wings just before colliding with the ground.
[Translated block]


"I, I can't believe it..."

The rebels who were ready for battle opened their mouths in shock.

Even Gaold couldn't help but be dumbfounded.

As Ikael gently lifted his body from the ground, Shirone landed on the ground right away.

The tentacles of the diamond armor spread out like the feathers of a peacock and aimed at Ikael, and the eyes of Akamai attached to the outside wrapped him up.

'Is this anti-tezene?'

Ikael proved that he had escaped from the restraint by shrugging his shoulders.

'A low-level angel should be enough to tie up.'

He was definitely much stronger than before.

But what's the use? There is nothing stronger than her in the world.

"Shirone, if you're going to come out like this..."

Boom!

Ikael's footsteps stopped at the sound of shaking the ground.

The metal angel Babel was guarding Shirone's side and took a combat stance.

Ikael frowned slightly.

He hated the fact that a being similar to him was protecting Shirone.
[Translated block]