


[611] 5 Major Prestigious Schools (4)

"Thor Mia!"

The chorus shouted.

"Royal! Magic School!"

The reason why the chorus was longer than other prestigious schools was not just because there were many syllables.

People's eyes were focused on the road at the north gate where the castle is, and eight horses came walking, pulling a huge carriage that completely occupied the width of the road.

"Wow!"

The cheering was much louder than before.

The king-sized carriage, which is only operated in the capital, was a means of transportation that could not be operated without the support of the castle's traffic control department.

"Damn, is this the royal?"

It was a school established under the king's command to nurture magicians who would lead the country, and most of the key positions in the association were graduates of the Royal Magic School.

The four doors installed on both sides opened at the same time, and 30 students from the Royal Magic School descended to the ground in a line.

There was a pride in their eyes that they were the best elites in the kingdom, and there was no shake in the applause of the people.

The eyes of the students from other prestigious schools changed sharply.

'It's definitely unreasonable.'

20 graduates.

Even if the competition rate of the royal family is fierce, the fact that the passers are two-thirds is a tremendous merit.

"Dante, don't you regret it?"

Sabina asked.

Dante's party was also among the top ranks in the Royal Magic School before transferring.

If they had progressed as they were and entered the final 30, which is the graduation exam cut line, the competition would have been much easier.

"There's no need to be swayed by the signboard."

Dante looked at the faces of the students at the Royal Magic School.

Unlike other prestigious school students who are having a nerve war with the main characters such as Sironne, Dante, Fermi, etc., they were wearing confident expressions on their faces.

"The place where I fight is the best prestigious school. Have confidence."

The corners of Sabina and Closer's mouths rose.

'Yeah. Dante, you're the best.'

"Student entrance!"

Following the instructions of the chorus, the barricade opened and 150 students in suits began to enter the central square in line.

Although they are students, they are graduating classes, and the energy emitted by 150 aspiring magicians was enough to form an army with them alone.

"All the competent guys in the kingdom are gathered."

In the sky 2 kilometers away from the central square, the current president of the Magic Association, Luphyst, was looking at the surging black wave while casting a fly spell.

With a pale face and sharp impression, there was a torn wound on the right side of his mouth, and his eyebrows were empty in a streak pattern as if a beast had scratched it.

"Even if you look at the brain alone, it's not an exaggeration to say that it's from 1st to 150th in the kingdom. However, they are just accessories of the country."

The woman with her red hair tightly raised and wearing a silk robe had a predatory face, and it was hard to guess her age because she artificially removed wrinkles.

"Well, that's true."

Luphyst did not recognize the value of individuals.

"But it's a core accessory."

That's why the current remark was the highest compliment he could give to the students.

"It's time. Let's go. I'll be preparing at the association."

As Jane's words ended, the two flew in different directions.

Flying magic is prohibited in the capital, but no one could interfere with Luphyst flying to the central square.

"There......!"

People each looked up at the sky and pointed at Luphyst.

In the eyes of nearly a thousand people, Luphyst landed on the podium, fluttering his black coat.

'Flying magic in the capital.'

Colly realized that all his actions were political rhetoric.

"Nice to meet you, gentlemen. I am Luphyst, the president of the Thor Mia Magic Association."

As the voice echoed through the loudspeaker in the square, the eyes of the graduating students changed dramatically.

'That person......'

First-class Grand Magician Raphael Luphyst.

He was one of the core forces of the Kingdom of Thor Mia, known as the Steel Grand Magician.

"Let's get started. I'll be waiting at the association."

Jane said.

With a sharp impression on her pale face, there was a torn wound on the right side of her mouth, and her eyebrows were empty in a streak pattern as if a beast had scratched it.

Jane, who had her red hair tightly raised and wore a silk robe, had a predatory face, and it was hard to guess her age because she artificially removed wrinkles.

"Well, that's true."

Luphyst did not recognize the value of individuals.

"But it's a core accessory."

That's why the current remark was the highest compliment he could give to the students.

"It's time. Let's go. I'll be preparing at the association."

As Jane's words ended, the two flew in different directions.

Flying magic is prohibited in the capital, but no one could interfere with Luphyst flying to the central square.

"There......!"

People each looked up at the sky and pointed at Luphyst.

In the eyes of nearly a thousand people, Luphyst landed on the podium, fluttering his black coat.

'Flying magic in the capital.'

Colly realized that all his actions were political rhetoric.

"Nice to meet you, gentlemen. I am Luphyst, the president of the Thor Mia Magic Association."

As the voice echoed through the loudspeaker in the square, the eyes of the graduating students changed dramatically.

'That person......'

First-class Grand Magician Raphael Luphyst.

He was one of the core forces of the Kingdom of Thor Mia, known as the Steel Grand Magician.
[Translated block]


"It's definitely different."

Living with Olivia, a second-class archmage, Shiro felt that the prayer of a first-class archmage, of which there were only four in the kingdom, was on a different level.

"Another Gaold."

That was Shiro's first impression.

"I think I need to explain before we start the ritual. Mages are a race that won't act unless they understand."

It was a harsh tone, uncharacteristic of a guild master, but it was also something that was tolerated because he was the guild master.

"Actually, there's no particular reason why I called you guys. I just wanted to see my future family members with my own eyes when I took office as the guild master."

As Luphisto's eyes swept across the square, the students' hearts pounded.

'He's looking at me. He definitely saw me.'

While everyone was thinking the same thing, Luphisto's gaze finally returned to Shiro.

"You guys are the top 150 in the kingdom. And out of them, 60 will pass. Out of those 60, about 10 will get a certified mage license. And out of those 10, only 5 can get a job at the Mage Association."

The atmosphere became solemn.

"Of course, someone will leave the red line, and someone will dig a dungeon and not come out into the world. You guys might not know yet, but being a mage is a difficult job to manage. You need patriotism to work at the association."

Luphisto spread out his five fingers.

"I want to form a team of the best elites. I don't know who will pass among you, but if you think you're the best, aim for the Mage Association."

It was a kind of propaganda.

"Then you might wonder why the Mage Association? First of all, you guys will be able to attract pretty girls and cool guys."

Unlike the citizens who burst into laughter, the students' expressions remained serious.

"And you'll get a considerable lobby. It's illegal money."

Despite having a large audience, Luphisto was unabashed.

"Of course, I'm not recommending it, but how would I know? You can think of thousands of ways to eat without getting caught, right? Because you guys are smart."

That was also true.

"I don't control mages. Because they can't be controlled. The only standard I ask of you guys is one."

Luphisto's index finger shot up in front of his eyes.

"Can you solve the problem?"

The students' eyes were burning.

"Whether you're conscientious or trash, I don't care. Do you have to beat someone? Then beat them. The king will remain silent. Do you want to kill someone? Then kill them! The king will close his eyes!"

Luphisto's voice rose.

"Do whatever you want! The only rule you guys have to follow is to make the kingdom stronger!"

Both fists hit the podium.

"That's why it doesn't work, this is why it doesn't work, everyone complains, but you guys can't do that! Because you're smart! A mage is not a problem-raiser, but a problem-solver! That's why you're given authority, and that's why you're given a license to kill!"

The air in the square shook with the boiling enthusiasm.

"Who is the best mage here!"

Me.

'It's definitely me.'

Everyone was thinking the same thing.

"Remove all factors that hinder the development of the kingdom! If it's a god, kill the god! The mage the association wants is such a mage! Do you understand!"

"Yes!"

It was a surprisingly loud sound.

"Chorus! Absolute power!"

"Ab! So! Lute! Power!"

The students' voices echoed in the quiet square.

"That's the best gift the Mage Association can give you. If you want it, come to the association."

When Luphisto cast a space teleportation spell and flew to the Mage Association, a thousand eyes followed him.

It was a common sight for the graduating class, but for ordinary citizens, it was a miraculous phenomenon.

"Now, we will proceed with the ritual. Please stand in four rows with a 5-meter gap between each school."
[Translated block]


The students moved in an orderly manner, and Shiro Nedo, Iruki, and Nade lined up and waited.

"Wow, it's no joke. I was really nervous."

"That's right. I've met Mr. Gaold, but I think his charisma is not inferior."

Iruki said.

"Raphael Luphirst. He is evaluated as a representative figure of the far right in the political world. Showing the strength of the country unites people, but his public power statement was at a dangerous level. If it wasn't for that level of charisma, the citizens would have risen."

The procession began, and as 150 students from the Royal Magic School advanced along the road, the citizens welcomed them with applause.

'It's good to receive such treatment. Maybe being a wizard is a good job...'

Even Nade considered it once, Luphirst's power was great.

"Huh?"

Shiro Nedo discovered first, and Nade's gaze followed.

'Senior Liz.'

Liz, who was standing in the crowd with a calm smile, was seen.

I forgot, but that's a problem with the head, and when I saw her face, my heart started pounding again.

'But why...?'

Even when Nade's face asking with his eyes, Liz couldn't give a clear answer.

'Yeah, what am I doing here?'

When did you push it away, and now what do you mean by having regrets about him?

-It's much better to try and regret than not to try and regret.

Recalling the words of the craftsman, she made up her mind and clapped her hands and said.

"You're cool, Nade."

The voice was not heard in the cheers, but Nade felt like he had definitely heard it.

'Senior Liz is looking at me.'

Only me.

The feeling was thrilling as if I had fallen into a bathtub where drugs were released, but it was not enough to heal the wounds of the heart.

'I'm sorry, senior.'

It was so painful that I was afraid to step in there again.

"Nade......"

Liz looked at Nade, who was getting farther away, with a sad expression, but soon smiled.

'Yeah. I'll be the one to hurt now.'

I finally understood the words of the craftsman.

The dignity of the Magic Association, which arrived following the guidance of the military band, stole the eyes of the students at once.

The 18-story building standing high enough to pierce the sky was shining in the sunlight, and the best wizards that Luphirst emphasized were guarding from the entrance.

"The procession is over. Please enter in a row to submit the test application."

As soon as I passed the revolving door, I saw a familiar front to Shiro Nedo.

Due to the large number of students, the movement was done through the stairs, and thanks to that, the students were able to tour the Magic Association they had dreamed of a little more.

"It's much more amazing than I heard."

It was different from the buildings that the chaebol nobles had made big just for show.

"It's not an exaggeration to say that it's a collection of the most advanced technologies built by mankind. This will definitely motivate."

Of course, Shiro Nedo, who had lived here and even toured, was no different from other students in terms of desire.

'It's not a dream anymore.'

There were times when I was worried about coming back alive from heaven, not even graduating, but once I submitted the application today, all I had left was the graduation exam.

'It's Senior Flu.'

When I arrived at the Foreign Affairs Department, Flu, who was wearing a uniform, was standing guard.

No one looked at anyone and watched the front, and I could feel the professionalism from her.

Royal Magic School Valedictorian.

How much effort she must have made to get that one title, now I could feel it with my skin.

'Should I say hello?'

As I got closer, my worries deepened, and then, Flu's left hand, which had been leaning back, slowly slipped out.

'Senior.'

Shiro Nedo, who smiled, high-fived and passed by her.
[Translated block]