


Grogi (1)

"You don't remember?"

On the white sand where the bonfire was lit, Gaold, Gangnan, and Zulu sat together.

"I've had it before. It got better for a while, then it got worse. But the biggest problem is..."

Gaold lifted his face flickering in the torchlight.

"There is no standard for losing memory."

He said it roundabout, but Gangnan understood.

"Miro."

He had never forgotten Miro since he was the president of the association, even though his memory went out every time he was bored.

Gaold asked why he was fighting.

'It hurts so much, the pain is limitless and rises to the point of losing its essence.'

Gangnan asked.

"What if you don't remember Miro..."

"It doesn't matter."

Gaold was firm.

"I don't feel particularly anxious about it. Even if I forget Miro, it doesn't matter. I'm just being honest with you because I'm worried about weakening my power. I won't be able to wield the power of the faction if I forget Miro."

"That's the problem right now!"

Gangnan jumped up.

"You don't even know why you're fighting! While suffering to death! Let's go back to Zion now! Go and tell Miro honestly! This is the limit!"

"Then what?"

Gangnan shrank in front of Gaold's gaze.

"Leave. Take Miro and leave. Run away and live happily anywhere. Miro said she would do that too."

"......She did."

Gangnan realized.

Because Miro promised to do so, Gaold could not go to her.

"Stupid human."

Gaold smiled painfully.

"Heh, don't be too weird. I'm a magician too. I can't calm down without seeing the end. Anyway, it's not a good situation. Let's focus on solving the problem."

Zulu said.

"It's just that you don't remember, not that you lose your reason. If you calmly assess yourself, you won't make mistakes in battle. The problem is that your power has weakened.''

Gaold leaned his chin and sank into thought.

"Power..."

He didn't like the feeling of weakening as a single magician after leaving Miro.

'Is it a pain greater than love?'

It was humiliating that his heart was measured by the number of thorns.

"Shock therapy is needed." "Miro." Three people entered Miro's room where she was meditating.

Behind him were Armin and Kuan, officers, and Lilia, who had become a full-fledged magician.

"Are you here?"

As Miro opened her eyes, the quiet energy disappeared and the human color came out.

She had lost a lot of weight since Gaold left, but her beauty did not fade.

Sein asked.

"Are you really okay? You eat too little. Sleep time is also very short. You can't fight like this."

"It helps rather."

The thinner the body, the sharper the mind.

Although this situation would ruin her body if it continued, she was preparing for the final battle.

"There is no need for many people in Zion now that Shinryeongwon is gone. I'm going to start working from now on."

That's why they called three people.

"Kuan, Armin, Lilia go to Torumia. Stop the army of hell there."

Kuan asked.

"Why Torumia? The demons haven't even come to Kazra yet."

"Although half of the demons were annihilated by purification, the legionnaires must have survived. If they gather in Central Continent, it will be a matter of time before they break through. Torumia is the only barrier. And??????

Miro lifted her mouth.

"You want to go, don't you? Torumia."

There was Olipher Shiina.

Kuan closed his mouth and sank into thought, while Lilia nodded her head cheerfully.

"Yes. Then I'll leave as soon as I'm ready."

The three who were leaving for Torumia left the room, but Sein still kept his seat.

"Miro."
[Translated block]


Miro shook his head, knowing what Sein was trying to say.

"Just leave me alone. You're distracting me from concentrating."

The conversation always ended here.

But now that his psychic power was unsealed and he was free to move, Sein pushed him hard.

"Are you really not going to see him?"

Miro said nothing.

"They say it's no exaggeration that he destroyed the south with a single shot. He doesn't have much time."

"He'll make it."

"No. No matter how strong your mind is, your brain is a physical organ. It has a limit of endurance."

She knew that better than anyone.

"Gaold won't come. So you have to go. Go and check on his condition. This is an order as a soldier."

Miro bit his lower lip.

"What if he asks me to settle down with him?" Sein turned away.

"...I'd be glad if he had the strength to do that."

The door closed.

The Gustav Empire was nothing like it was when the planet was first born.

The demons were almost wiped out, but that didn't mean they were all gone.

As soon as the legionnaires left the empire, the quick-witted demons also fled in a hurry.

The surviving demons scattered around the world and spread what they had seen.

-It rained. The bombing of light.

-Everything was destroyed! Demons, worlds, everything was swept away without a trace!

The rumors spread in no time. -It was the first time I saw such a scary Yahweh. Never, never make him angry.

-We're all going to be annihilated! He won't forgive us!

They were half-crazy.

-I, I saw it! I saw something I shouldn't have seen! Aaaaaah!

The demons who heard the rumors shivered in fear of Yahweh without exception.

Three weeks passed like that.

It was when Shirone and Lian arrived at the border of the central continent after crossing the Akad desert.

Lian, who had been riding a horse they had found two days ago, leaned back on Shirone and said.

"It must be the Kingdom of Borna." It used to be, but now it was a mess because of the war with the demons.

Shirone was silent as if dead.

It was natural that she had no strength to speak after starving for days, but more serious than that was the wall of her mind.

On their way here, Lian told her what had happened in the Gustav Empire.

The bombing that wiped out an empire in just a few hours.

If he hadn't met Gaile in some world, the planet would have been destroyed.

Shirone didn't open her mouth at all except for her physiological activities after hearing that story.

'It must be a big shock.'

Great power was the dream of a magician, but only when it was controllable.

The disaster of purification was, in Shirone's life, the first magic she couldn't control.

"Let's get some food first."

Unlike the desert, the central continent was a place where civilization flourished, so they should be able to find some food.

The place they arrived after riding their horse for two hours was a city that had been brutally destroyed.

Judging by its location, it might have been called 'Arca', but there was no way to confirm it.

They stepped on the door that had fallen inward and passed by, and saw the remains of buildings that had been dismantled into bricks.

Rotting corpses, and rats scurrying among them. Lian was relieved by the fact that they were alive.

"Huh?"

Lian gently grabbed the reins of his horse.

'It's alive.'

It was a low-level killing intent that anyone who had experienced war could feel, but there were quite a few of them.

"It's a horse, a horse."

People with shabby clothes came out from all sides with spears in their hands.

Giving up on surprise and relying on numbers meant they were untrained civilians.

"Get off. That horse is ours." They didn't even seem to have experience in looting.

"Who's your leader?"

Based on this situation, Lian realized that they were survivors who were self-sufficient in the ruined city.
[Translated block]
The old man with missing teeth shouted.

"Get off! That's ours! Do you really want to die
[Translated block]
"Because I'm the manager of this shelter."

The man spread his palm and a flame sprang up.

"Do I qualify as a magician with this much?" While Lian remained silent, Shirone only looked ahead with an indifferent gaze.
[Translated block]