


```text
[249] System Operation (2)

But Shirone didn't stop teleporting.

No matter how precise the defense was, it couldn't overcome the mechanism of stimulus first, reaction later.

"Now's the time!"

The moment Shirone tilted her body in a photonized state, Dante turned into light and retreated.

A truly superhuman reflex. But this time, it was a poison. Shirone pulled back her fake motion and backed away.

"Damn it!"

The point when Dante realized Shirone's strategy was already when she was activating teleportation and moving away.

The distance widened to 20 meters in an instant, and Shirone immediately fired a photon cannon.

In front of the fire net of photons that approached while eroding the space to dodge, Dante's movement was useless. The only escape route was the ground, and Dante spread a defensive magic circle over his head as soon as he landed.

Shirone clenched her teeth and cast magic continuously.

Immortal Function expands the mage's mind infinitely, but reality is not easy. If you completely unlock the infinite lock, your ego will be dismantled.

That's why unlockers use a hole called Spirit Zone to draw on the power of infinity. The Spirit Zone acts as a barrier that supports the boundary between reality and infinity.

As a result, it can be called endless mental power, but if the durability of the Spirit Zone is not enough to withstand the weight of infinity, there is also a risk of being swept away in an instant.

But Shirone didn't waver even though she was consuming more mental power than her available limit. It was thanks to reaching a state of mind that surpassed the realm of durability and became diamond-like.

"More! More! More!"

Based on the huge mental power, photon cannons poured down on the ground without stopping.&nbsp;

"Krrrrrgh!"

Dante put up 10 defensive magic circles like a roof over his head and resisted with all his might. He thought it was unbelievable. Even if anyone cast magic continuously, the power would drop slightly. But Shirone's attack was not weakening, but getting stronger.

"Damn it! How the hell is this possible?"

He had never felt so powerless even against the hard punchers of the kingdom.

Dante realized it suddenly. Immortal Function. The state that he thought was nothing more than a mental play of monks was crushing him mercilessly.

The bombing lasted for 2 minutes.

Dante couldn't move an inch from where he blocked. His specialty, evasion ability, was useless against the attacks that rained down like hail.

The students glanced at their hot bracelets with anxious eyes. The fact that the bracelet for information exchange between 2000 people was hot enough to feel on their skin meant that the amount of information going back and forth between Shirone and Dante was skyrocketing.

"It won't explode, right?"

Amy answered Mark's scared question.

"Don't worry. It was fine even in the graduation class. Even if the 2000 system overheats, the worst case scenario is that the safety device will activate."

Mark sighed with relief.

"I see."

Amy added one more thing.

"Of course, it's not common for it to get this hot."

Shirone started to get frustrated. It had been over 3 minutes, but Dante's defense hadn't been broken yet. But Dante's rough resistance only fueled Shirone's fighting spirit more.

"Then......!"

Shirone stopped firing photon cannons and cast a laser. A red flash fell on Dante's magic circle.

It was weaker than expected, so Dante snorted as if it was nothing and started repairing his magic circle.&nbsp

The 10 magic circles returned to their perfect state in an instant.&nbsp

But soon after, Dante's face twisted subtly and he felt an energy that was much stronger than photon cannons.

"What, what is this......!"

The moment Dante uttered a horrified word, Shirone amplified the laser with all her might.&nbsp

The thickness of the laser began to grow rapidly.&nbsp
```
[Translated block]
I hope this translation is satisfactory. I apologize for any errors or inaccuracies I might have made. Please let me know if you have any feedback or questions.🙏
[Translated block]


```text
Only Closer and Savina knew that the two opponents were a 9th grade active magician and 70 B-class thieves.

"I'm sorry. It seems I underestimated you too much."

At that moment, a huge magic circle emitting red light was engraved around Dante. The clarity was incomparable to the instant magic circle, and the size was more than 10 times.

Shina confirmed that Dante's mental power gauge suddenly dropped by more than half.

The enormous mental power that showed no sign of decreasing even while fighting. She couldn't guess what kind of magic circle it was that used half of it.

"Central calculation magic circle Pascal."

As Dante muttered, the huge magic circle burned red and created more than 100 magic circles at the same time.

Shirone was shocked to see the magic circles that cast different magics each. It felt like facing 100 magicians.

"Immortal function. I looked down on you, but you're definitely amazing. Is it the insight of an unlocker?"

Shirone had no room to answer. She didn't know what kind of magic it was, but it was different from the instant magic circle in dimension. She had to analyze it as soon as possible, or she would give up the chance to win.

"This time, I'll show you what I have."

As Dante reached out his hand, all kinds of magics poured out from the 100 magic circles.

Wind cutter and fireball, lightning bolt and ice spear, even photon output with no physical force.

Shirone lost her mind at the sight in front of her.

The most shocking thing was that more than 10 kinds of magics were cast at the same time.

Even Irucijo, a servant ability user, could only cast two magics with a double spirit zone, so it was natural to feel like dreaming.

Nade bit his thumbnail and said.

"Maybe... it's a parallel circuit."

Mark turned his head in surprise.

"What? Parallel circuit? Those magic circles?"

"Magic requires a high degree of concentration. To cast one magic, you can't have any other thoughts at all. But Dante's magic circles are independent circuits each."

"Is that possible? Unless you have multiple brains, you can only make one magic circle with one battery. Even if it's passive, it's standard to make it according to the order of time."

Nade pointed to Dante's Pascal.

"That's it. Dante made another brain. That central magic circle, that magic circle is converging Dante's battery and distributing it in parallel for sure."

Nade's guess was accurate. Pascal was a magic circle that stored the battery flowing in the magician's head in memory and processed it in parallel computation.

Dante who activated Pascal was never defensive. Rather, he crushed his opponent with extreme firepower.

As if proving that fact, all the basic magics he could learn at school were popping out.

Shirone did not stop her offensive. Creating a virtual memory and spreading serial thoughts in parallel was definitely an amazing work.

But strictly speaking, it was not superior to serial parallelism. The individual power of parallel circuits had to be lower.

The fact that all the magics cast from Dante's magic circles were basic magics was proof.

'I don't have time. I have to end it now.'

There wasn't much time left to maintain the infinite domain. The only time she could overpower Dante with force was now.

Shirone fired a photon cannon with all her might. But as soon as she passed a certain section, her speed suddenly slowed down.

As the photons near the speed of light slowed down to the point where they could be compared to snails, Shirone looked ahead. And she realized.

The hundreds of magic circles that Dante spread formed small groups and exerted influence on specific spaces.

If you connect the magic circles forming a group with virtual faces, they formed cubic faces like dice and activated specific magics inside.
```

I hope this is what you wanted. Do you have any other requests?
[Translated block]


```
Nade shouted with a ridiculous expression.

"A 3D mansion? A student can use that?"

Dante assembled the 2D flat magic circles into a 3D structure.

Shirone's photon cannon also slowed down as it entered the mansion designated by six sloe magic circles that were 5 meters apart from each other.

Depending on how many circuits can be integrated in a limited space, the function changes. A 3D mansion could achieve tremendous efficiency beyond the limit of the plane.
```
[Translated block]