


[413] Task Force (5)

"It's okay to say, Shirone. It's just a guess. We'll listen and judge."

Encouraged by Zulu's words, Shirone repeated the explanation he had given to Gaold.

"First of all, it's a magic based on Ataraxia."

"Of course it would be."

Shirone had to start with Ataraxia if he wanted to get even a 1% chance of destroying heaven.

"I'm going to set the direction of casting to the sky. So I'm spreading the magic circle over my head."

"Ho? The sky?"

It was a unique way of starting.

Everyone's expectations rose as Shirone continued.

"Ataraxia is a trigger magic, so there is no set range. I thought the best way to maximize that advantage was to shoot it into the sky."

"I see. Then... what do you shoot up?"

"Laser."

"Laser?"

Everyone in this place knew what a laser was.

But the sky was too empty to destroy anything.

"Yes. I'm going to amplify the straightness of the laser with Ataraxia and shoot it as high as possible."

Flu asked.

"How high is high?"

"Well, it's a simple calculation, but roughly... about 6,000 kilometers."

"6, 6,000?"

Shiina said.

"It's possible with a laser. It's a single straight wavelength. With Ataraxia's amplification power and the trigger characteristic combined, maybe even higher altitudes are possible. So, Shirone?"

Shirone went into full explanation mode.

"I'm going to cast Anku at an altitude of 6,000 kilometers using the information transmission method of the laser. It's compressing God's particles by altitude, but using Ataraxia, I can create about 10 tons of mass by planetary standards."

Chiiiiiiing!

Sein's iron wheel eyes spun fast.

He realized what Shirone was thinking just by listening to this.

All kinds of formulas were complexly but accurately calculated in his head.

Shirone spread his arms wide.

"Maybe in the shape of a spear? Actually, the shape doesn't matter, but I think it would be based on omnipotence, so I'm going to shape a spear made of light that weighs 10 tons. And then..."

Sein finished the calculation and said.

"It falls."

"Yes. That's all."

That was all.

And everyone lost their words.

A much simpler mechanism than expected.

But surprisingly, it contained an idea that could easily destroy heaven and more.

"But, is it really possible?"

Gaold looked at Sein in response to Flu's question. From now on, it was his servant's brain that would judge.

"It's possible."

Sein asserted.

"Simply put, it's a 10-ton mass falling from an altitude of 6,000 kilometers. If we assume that heaven's gravity is similar to that of this place, it will take about 14 minutes to reach. The mass of the spear will speed up under the influence of gravitational acceleration and exceed 14 kilometers per second when it reaches terminal velocity."

Flu's eyes widened.

"14 kilometers? Per second?"

If it moves at a speed of 14 kilometers per second, it is impossible to respond from the moment it enters sight.

And the result was that a 10-ton spear pierced at 41 Machs.

"That would be the case. The kinetic energy generated there alone can be converted into explosive power of about 2.19 million kilobusters. It exceeds heaven's durability. If it sticks to Arabot in the center, all seven heavens will be destroyed."

If Sein said so, there was no error in the calculation.

Yet no one could accept the numbers that came out now.

2.19 million kilobusters?

It was beyond common sense that a boy who was still a student had such power.

"Kukuku, how about it? I told you it was a crazy magic."

Gaold said.

"Do you know what I liked best when I first heard this story? There are no sloppy assumptions. What can and can't be done is clearly distinguished. I thought he would just blabber some nonsense as a graduating class guy, but he wasn't. Destroying heaven is not Shirone's magic."
[Translated block]


```text
Sain said.

"Universal gravitation. The planet's gravity pulls the window in and destroys heaven."

"That's right. Those who worshiped God eventually perished by God's hand. It's called 'God's Punishment'."

Shirone looked back at Gauld.

"I was going to do it with Shining Spear?"

"The name doesn't matter. Anyway, the problem is the orbit, the landing point, and the time."

Sain said.

"I can calculate that. I'll make a chart as soon as I get to heaven. It will take about three days to get a clue about the planet's movement, then we can set the launch time."

Everyone started to lay out new strategies and tactics to match the newly created variables.

God's punishment had a powerful ripple effect that forced the project to revise its strategy completely.

While everyone was having a heated discussion, only Shiina was looking at Shirone with a smile.

Gauld seemed to like the fact that God's punishment used the nature of nature, but Shiina's thoughts were the opposite.

Everyone knows that dropping 10 tons from an altitude of 6,000 kilometers is devastating.

But no one tries it because it takes as much potential energy as kinetic energy to lift 10 tons.

Therefore, God's punishment was not universal gravitation, but Shirone's magic.

Amplify the laser with Ataraxia and transmit information to altitude, where you activate God's particles and gather mass.

The result is a simple mechanism, but it was an application that would have been impossible without a perfect understanding and analysis of what he had for Shirone, who started from scratch.

'You squeezed out every last drop.'

The best result of compressing the ideas in your head into diamond-like without any gaps.

That's why Shiina was able to sincerely congratulate her disciple on her big leap.

"But there is a condition."

Shirone cut off the heated discussion and said.

"Ataraxia is what I got from Archangel Ikael. So I have to meet Ikael before casting this magic. And I think that was a contract."

There is no fool who would break a contract between team members.

But at the point where they got an amazing high-efficiency weapon called God's Punishment, they wanted to turn away for a moment.

Even Sain, who was as cool as anyone else, was no exception.

To activate God's punishment, you have to connect Ikael with Shirone.

It could be a very easy thing depending on the situation, or it could be impossible.

Regardless of the difficulty, Sain hated that uncertainty.

"You have to keep your contract. And you are fully qualified to receive our help. But is there no other choice? If you give up Ikael, I can do something equivalent for you. For example, assuming the annihilation of all of us, prioritize your survival."

It would be better if you could eliminate uncertainty.

That was how much God's punishment weighed on Sain in the project.

"No. I won't put everyone in danger just to meet Ikael. But if it's not dangerous, you don't need God's punishment either. And if it becomes dangerous then, you will have enough motivation to meet Ikael. In this limited situation, please know that there is no need to tie Ikael and God's punishment with other constraints."

"Hmm, that's what you mean."

If you are going to destroy heaven, the situation is already cornered.

If you have to hold on even with a small probability, it was also considered that Shirone had to meet Ikael.

"Okay. I'm satisfied that the safety of team members is independent of contact with Ikael."

It was the best line that Sain and Shirone could agree on.

* * *

The next morning.

Ten team members gathered in front of Gepin's door.

Chief Mahatu of Kergo and his priests surrounded them, and warriors gathered in two rows to see off the heavenly expedition team.

When Shirone opened Immortal Function, Gepin's door disintegrated into particles and turned into a huge space-time tunnel.
```
[Translated block]


As everyone shouted Anke Ra, Gaold moved his steps with an annoyed expression.

Maybe he had returned to the beginning of everything.

"I will destroy your god."

With his eyes wide open, Gaold pushed his body into the dark sphere without hesitation.

Mikael Gaold-Red Line First Class Grand Magician

Power: Transcendental Extreme Skill

Position: Commander

Gangnan's expression was indifferent as he watched Gaold disappear, but his heart was more restless than ever.

'The end of 20 years. Whatever happens, it has to end here. I must, I must end it.'

Ahoya Gangnan-The last descendant of the Wolf Tribe

Power: Ram Muai Strike Technique

Position: Tanker

Sein recalled the Day of Judgment of 20 people in front of Gepin's door.

Gaold had become a cripple after Miro left, but Sein was envious of him who could go crazy purely.

It was days when he ran without being able to go crazy for Miro.

'All I have to do is save Miro. I don't need to worry about anything else. Even if the world ends...'

Sein's body fell into the black sphere.

'I will save Miro.'

Castro Sein-The strongest mental magician of the Black Line

Power: Anti-Magic through Cheolryun-an

Position: Order

Zulu did not hold anything. There was no desire for life, no fear of death.

Today's work was also just a point in a huge cycle, so all he had to do was entrust his body and mind to that flow.

'You have to empty it without regret. There is life in death.'

Zulu-Red Line First Class Summoning Magician

Power: Lich Summoning

Position: Utility

Armin looked back at Shiina in front of Gepin's door.

His chest hurt just by having Kuan by his side.

'You must have felt the same way.'

He could understand a little bit of her feelings, who had to watch Keira live as a loving couple.

'But it was for you. I will protect you even to prove that.'

Armin twisted his body quickly and disappeared into Gepin's door.

There was no reason to hesitate even if the end of the world was beyond this.

'Shiina, wherever you go...'

Jenerade Armin-Former Ivory Tower Time Magician

Power: Stop

Position: Crowd Control

After Armin disappeared, Shiina's eyes were filled with sadness.

She wanted to become a magician with her brother. And she wanted to see the many beauties of the world.

Why wasn't she happy when her dream came true since childhood?

'No, don't think about it. It's foolish to be sentimental when you have a mission ahead. I just have to do what I can.'

Olipher Shiina-Red Line Certified 5th Class Magician

Power: Absolute Zero

Position: Main Dealer

Kuan looked at Shiina's receding back.

As a swordsman, the lives of all nine people were beyond his death.

Perhaps his chances of returning alive were slightly higher than the miracle of all ten returning alive.

Still, he wasn't feeling bad because he wanted to protect someone for the first time.

'Is that my grave?'

A cold smile appeared on Kuan's lips as he headed for Saji.

Parca Kuan-Certified 6th Class Swordsman, Instructor of Kaizen Swordsmanship School

Power: Movement Control

Position: Hitman

'Master, please give me strength.'

Etella closed her eyes and fell into a short meditation.

Her sense of mission burned more than ever since she lost to Arcane.

She heard Carcys Yung's warm voice saying "Be the light of the world" as if it were a roar in her head, and her eyes opened sharply.

'I will destroy evil. That is my mission.'

Romi Etella-Certified 6th Class Magician, Explorer Joner, Bishop of Carcys Monastery

Power: Yin-Yang Wave Fist Thousand Water Guanyin Thunder Strike
[Translated block]


Position: Sub dealer

"Hoo. Hoo."

Flu tried hard to suppress the adrenaline.

It was an honor that could not be exchanged for anything to join the world's best magician team as a pro magician.

'I can't show any clumsiness. Trust what I've done so far. Yes, I'm Rabid Flu. I can do it!'

No matter what hardship came, he always succeeded in his mission.

She, who had vowed countless times as if engraving it on her heart, finally set foot on the door of Geopin.

'My place is where death is also glory. I just do my best not to be a burden to everyone.'

Rabid Flu-Official 8th Class Magician, Manipulation System Joiner

Powerful Device: Phoenix Jeong

Position: Supporter

Shirone watched all the team members leave for heaven until the end. And he looked back as if looking back on the past years.

The life so far passed by like a horse lantern.

'Goodbye everyone.'

He meets the beginning of life at the end of life.

This journey was such a meaning for Shirone.

Now there is no fear.

Even if he loses everything, he thought he would pour everything out in heaven so that he would not regret today's decision.

"Please come back, God's angel."

Shirone arrived at the door of Geopin, passing through the path of warriors, receiving Mahatu's greeting.

The dark sphere tunnel did not show what was beyond. Just like everyone's future, only vague uncertainty was hovering around.

'There's no turning back now!'

Shirone opened his eyes wide and jumped into Geopin's door.

The distorted space-time barrier swallowed Shirone and threw him into a world that humans could never reach.

Arian Shirone-Alpheus Magic School Graduation Class

Powerful Device: Amplification Magic using Ataraxia

Position: Terminator
[Translated block]