


Rain (1)

"Rather than being difficult, it is close to impossible."

Nane said.

"What a contradiction? That you can destroy what you love most." The more you love, the farther away from the void.

"That's why I almost reached it, but it will still take a long time to become a Buddha."

Shura asked.

"Then does Shirone reach first?"

Ultimate.

"Not yet. I have a vague idea of what he feels in a world dominated by evil."

The more he loved everything, the greater the betrayal, and anger must have been rushing toward the void.

"Then does Shirone end the world?"

Like Nane in the past.

"It could. But I know how hard it is. The difference between me and him is..."

Nane looked up at the sky.

"That this world loves him."

Even if Yahweh's wrath leads to the end of the world.

World Climate Agency.

With the help of the temple, more than 300 magicians were stationed at the agency that moved its headquarters.

Their mission was to increase agricultural production in areas where there was no demonic invasion by manipulating the climate.

The surplus food became Valkyrie's rations, making it an indispensable department in the world war.

"Chief! Look at this!"

A one-year-old employee, Amira, collected signals from observation agencies around the world and shouted.

"What's wrong with that? Did any disaster happen?"

It was a document filled with numbers and diagrams, but a picture came to his eyes.

"What is this?"

It was a typhoon.

In the sea between Gustav and Jinchun, a huge typhoon that had never been recorded in history was moving.

"And there are seven! How can this happen?"

Amira pointed to the data with detailed information.

"The speed of movement is also different from that of existing typhoons. It will land in Gustav in a few hours. The power will exceed at least category six." It was not a natural phenomenon.

"It's magic. But who?" Even at the World Climate Agency

It was difficult to generate typhoons of this magnitude in succession.

"What should we do? If it lands like this, civilian damage will be huge. We have no choice but to destroy it."

"Can you destroy it?"

Amira stammered.

"Well, that is, before it grows any bigger, plant seeds and slowly put them to sleep."

"Even so, it's impossible to get rid of all seven. It would be better to come up with an evacuation plan."

The fact that the typhoon was heading for Gustav Empire, the source of evil, also contributed.

"Chief! Here!"

Another employee shouted with a thoughtful face and hurried over.

"Oh my! What else?"

Amira stared at the document he threw away and bit her lip.

'What's going on?'

It was a series of disasters.

Jinchun Sea.

Mitra, the eighth legion commander who watched the typhoon move beyond the horizon, got up from his throne.

"Here we go again. How many shots are you going to take?"

"What should we do? If we go like this, Gustav will be smashed. Then Satan will scold us..."

Mitra glared and the demon flinched.

"No, of course I trust Mitra."

The demons meant that before things got bigger, how about opening hell?

'It's annoying.'

Only 10 legion commanders had privileges, but on the other hand they also symbolized eternal extinction.

'You can't even resurrect from hellfire.'

Hell was opening with the determination to die as if you were going to die, and Mitra didn't like it yet.

"Legion commander! There!"

Beyond the horizon, four ivory tower saints were approaching with rough waves.

Minerva on board Jet said.

"Don't worry about other guys. Our job is to eliminate the legion commander."
[Translated block]


Freed, who ran on the water, clenched his sword as he caught the demons in his eyes.

"You must have learned in Kashan, right? It's best to end it before opening the underworld."

Mithra's underworld is a tidal wave.

Once opened, all the cities in the world that have the sea are smashed.

Mithra stood up with a huge esophagus.

"Good! Guys, it's sortie! Let's have a proper fight!"

A whispering sound came from afar.

"Open the underworld."

As Mithra's esophagus was drawn horizontally, the necks of the demons aligned tens of meters away flew away.

"Heek!"

There were no more demons who complained.

"It's instead of a greeting!"

Mithra, who lowered his posture, cut the water like a cannon, and a huge wave rose.

"Here it comes!"

Freed's freezing magic froze the wave tens of meters high with a bang.

Kwaaaaaaang!

Minerba, who broke through the wall of ice and jumped out, stopped in midair and shot a jet.

Gustav Capital.

"Uaaa! Sa, human flesh...!" The voice disappeared before the scream was finished.

Lian rushed between people who fell blackened like charcoal by insects.

"It's a huge number."

The insects of the back world Palaphinas were endlessly breeding and covering the city whole.

'How do I get rid of this?'

If it was powerful, it could be cut, but if it was an insect that could not be counted, the sword was the worst tool.

"Yaaaaa!" The sword containing Macha's realm cut both ends of the landscape, but the flies-like insects clung endlessly to Lian.

"Keeuk!"

Suddenly his whole body was wiggling with bugs and he felt dizzy from the feeling of blood being sucked.

'It's okay.'

Idea didn't break at this point, but ordinary humans died within 10 seconds.

Moreover, Palaphinas continued to breed, and if they did not suppress them early, it was not an exaggeration to say that it was the end of the world.

"Damn underworld."

Lian, who penetrated the wall through acceleration, slammed down Daedokdo with all his might. The atmosphere cracked with a roar, and for a moment, the blue sky was visible enough to open up the night sky.

"What...

He couldn't even think of lifting his sword, and Lian stared blankly at the other side of the sky.

"What is that?"

It was probably an incarnation, but he didn't feel like wanting to know what it was.

Siroene's body was weightless like smoke glowing in the dark.

Above his bowed head, what was endlessly blooming was anger.

Melania muttered.

"Yahweh's anger."

The dark smoke rising at a terrifying speed pierced the sky and spread like a mushroom.

As if black paint was sprinkled on the sky, there was no deceleration in the process of expanding smelly smelly.

'It came out into the world.'

Yahweh's anger that rotted and stained had escaped through his body.

'What's going to happen?' Melania snapped out of it and shouted.

"Kill him! Kill Yahweh!"

"Kuk!"

Guy immediately ran over and slashed down, but Siroene didn't cut it off.

'It doesn't seem like matter.'

Following the trajectory of the sword, Guy couldn't confirm it, but there were hexagonal light particles floating around.

'Information?'

Mayrei jumped up and plugged one ear.

"Chief Justice."

The voice of Chief Justice Teraphos was still heavy but felt urgent.

-The hex program has been activated.

"Hex... program? What is that?" There was no time to explain.

-I'll send you an ark.

That's how communication was cut off.

The head of the World Climate Agency yelled out loud.

"Is this something that makes sense!"

The thrown file slid on the floor, and the staff around hurriedly picked it up.

"Chief! What's wrong?"

Amira approached, but the chief snorted and wandered around without any sense.

"Amira, look at this."

She quickly looked at the numbers as she received documents sent from Gustav Empire Observatory.
[Translated block]
The document fell from her hand again.

"It's impossible."

The staff thought the same.

"But it's true. It's not a natural phenomenon or magic. Something unknown."

Even if all the water on the planet was used, a cloud of this mass could not be created.

"It's like??????

The employee imagined the sky beyond the ceiling.

"It's like steel heavier than the planet is floating."

Guy's blade passed through Siro's body at a speed that left a trail.

'Why can't I kill him?'

Maybe because he's already dead.

Guy, who had reached that thought, stopped his attack and looked up at the sky.

"It got bigger."

The size of the cloud was enough to cover a whole kingdom and more.

"Is that some kind of avatar?"

"Yahweh."

Melania came up.

"That's Yahweh? Didn't you say he was in a state of loving all things? This is rather...

It was a flesh that was darker and more turbid than the demons.

"That's right. It's truly abhorrent."

The amount of evil that one human had to suppress to reach the state of compassion.

"Why wouldn't he be angry? He would have been jealous, desirous, and wanted to do whatever he wanted."

Yahweh is not good.

"Compassion is made of sacrifice. That sacrifice, which no one recognizes, piles up deep inside and becomes a monster that can't be handled...

The black cloud covered the entire empire.

"A being that has to live locked up in itself forever so that the monster doesn't come out."

Melania touched Siro's particles.

"For the demons, that hypocrisy is so terrible...

Her hand clenched the light.

"I hate it." She slowly opened her hand and a hexagonal light fluttered up into the sky.

Her eyes, which followed it, looked ecstatic, contrary to her words.

"I did it. This will make Yahweh's anger go away."

Kururururururu.

An ominous thunder sound came from the black cloud that blocked the sun.

"Shouldn't we run away for now?"

"Where to?"

Melania, who lifted her head with disheveled eyes, flipped her palm toward the sky.

"It looks like it's going to rain."

As soon as her words ended, light particles began to fall from the sky.

The light containing God's particles was a gloomy gray color, and it was thousands of times heavier than a water drop.

Swoosh!

The light drops were falling almost simultaneously.

But at the limit of observation, simultaneity cannot be established, and the first light drop hit Huangcheng Marsak.

The moment the first light drop collided with the spire of Huangcheng, which was the highest in the capital.

Thud!

A fist-sized hole was dug with a powerful blast sound.

Thud! Thwack! Thwack!

And then those things...

"Damn it!"

Infinite.

Kwa kwa kwa kwa kwa kwa kwa kwa kwa kwa kwa!

It hit the entire empire with an infinite number of them.

"Kraaaaaa!"

Millions of demons screamed at the same time, but even that was buried by the roar.

Huangcheng continued to lose height by four meters per second due to the bombing of falling mass.

"What is this! What is this...!"

It hit everything on the ground equally and scraped everything off.

"Yaaaaa!"

Guy swung his sword and hit the light particles.

By the time three seconds had passed, his sword had nothing left but the handle.

"This??????

A dull sound rang in his skull.

"Guk!"

Thousands of light drops hit his body and Guy's body crumpled to the floor.

"It's a pity."

Melania, holding a black umbrella, looked down at Guy who had lost his shape.

"It looks like you didn't get an ark."

She looked back at the capital's view, where millions of blue domes were created.
[Translated block]