


[516] A New Journey (2)

***

Heaven's Third Thousand Shehakim.

As God's punishment struck Zion, the aftermath caused Paradise, the residence of the immortals, to collapse in the direction of the earthquake wave.

But among the ruins, there was a building that maintained its shape intact, namely the Grand Assembly Hall, the judicial institution of the leaders of the immortals, located north of the city square.

Currently, in the basement of the building, known as the Secret Chamber, the top ten leaders of the immortals were gathered.

The leaders of this meeting, called the Tenrohui among the immortals, were those who had reached the divine art after living a long time.

Murka, Dayna, and Raundo, who fought against Siro during the war, were masters of divine art who had lived for over a thousand years, but they fell into hell because of their obsession with life.

On the other hand, the leaders of the Tenrohui were at least 10,000 years old immortals who had transcended even their attachment to life and death.

"Garas was annihilated by the giants, they say."

The bald old man who was sitting in the only seat at the rectangular table said.

His pupils were only slippery black jade, and his chin swelled like a toad every time he spoke.

Tenrohui Chairman Veron (age unknown) - Amita Banya.

The man sitting to Veron's left said.

"A failure of selective evolution. The angels have all left."

He had a sculptural beauty with blond hair swept back, but his face was pale like a corpse, and sharp fangs were embedded in his mouth as he spoke.

Tenrohui rank 3 Faust (estimated age 13,000) - White Demon Yacha.

The man sitting across from Faust said.

"Garas doesn't matter. The important thing is that Anke Ra has been erased. From now on, we have to rule over humans."

He had a solid physique with round bumps protruding from his head, and his triangular teeth clenched aggressively.

Tenrohui rank 4 Huama (estimated age 17,000) - Diamond Demon Yacha.

The woman sitting across from Huama said.

"The light of 73rd district, Siro. He seemed to have fought with immortals during the war."

Her hair was black as pitch as if it had melted into the darkness, and her snake-like smooth body was made up of only curves that broke down the boundaries of her body.

Her silhouette was beautiful, but it felt strange to think of it as a human body.

Tenrohui rank 7 Shura (estimated age 10,200) - Apostle Banya.

"Hmph! Even if they are immortals, they are still babies who haven't even weaned yet. There's no need to worry about anyone except Miro. Don't tell me you're scared too, Shura?"

Shura countered Huama's sarcasm.

"Who cares? I'm just curious about that human Siro."

She licked her snake-like tongue into her clothes and licked her body's curves as she imagined Siro.

"He must be delicious, slurp."

Faust added after confirming that her tongue was quickly sucked into her mouth.

"It's not a problem to be overlooked. He's the one who annihilated Archangel Piel and caused the flash that appeared briefly before Anke Ra was erased. And above all..."

Huama slammed the table in frustration.

"So what!"

"He's an Ultima System."

"Ugh!"

Huama turned his head angrily.

There was no way to refute that Siro had inherited Gaia's spirit, which was even ancestral to immortals.

The woman sitting on a stone chair muttered.

"A human who killed God..."

She had a wolf-like fierce impression but strangely tender feeling on her face.

Her black hair was thick like a wild horse's mane and she wore a thick turban that was messy and stuck out like flames.

Her clothes were as ragged as her turban and exposed her grave-like breasts on both sides.

She leaned her head on the handle of a large sword and lifted one leg on the chair, showing her deep thigh as far as her crotch.
[Translated block]


The ninth-ranked virgin of the Ten Lohui (estimated age 11,200 years old) - Sura Yacha.

Veron broke the silence.

"I can't say I killed him. Anyway, he was erased by his own will. But it's true that he was a major variable in this war."

Faust asked.

"Do you plan to recruit him to the Ten Lohui?"

Sura said.

"That's a bit premature. First of all, Shirone's avatar is inactive, so I can't even hear her opinion. If he goes to &lt;Under Coder&gt;, I won't stop him."

"Anyway, you just want to eat that kid."

Huama, who shot at Sura, gave his opinion.

"There's no one to watch out for now that Raga is gone. If you have to be picky, it's only angels and humans, Miro at most. Ultima and whatnot, strength is everything."

They had the power to dominate the world with powerful avatars, but they had to live in strict control until now.

They couldn't resist Anke Ra, who erased the information of the Akashic Record itself.

But now humans have gained freedom, and the shackles of the immortals have been completely loosened.

Faust said.

"We have to decide soon. The only existing Ultima system, the light of the 73rd district, Shirone. Is she an enemy or a comrade of the Ten Lohui?"

As the silence dragged on, Veron suggested.

"Let's do it by majority vote. Anyway, we're human. Now, who thinks Shirone is an enemy, raise your hand."

A moment later, 10 people gathered in the secret room expressed their thoughts by majority vote.

As Veron said, the voting result was very human.

* * *

A black sphere was born on a snowy mountain at an altitude of 7,000 meters.

Soon after, Miro and his party began to appear one by one.

"It's cold."

Plu shivered and looked around.

It was the summit of a mountain range where even oxygen was scarce, and all he could see was a blizzard blowing horizontally.

"If I summon Salamander, I can bear it, but then there will be an avalanche."

Zulu summoned a 3-tier monster Kaidra.

The party climbed on a huge monster that could fly 7,000 kilometers a day and quickly left the mountain range.

The place they arrived was a village located at an altitude of 600 meters.

The wet road made of stone in the gloomy landscape covered with snow clouds and the people's clothes were unfamiliar.

Suddenly a huge monster landed in a small village and all the residents stopped what they were doing and looked back.

Miro approached an old man with deep wrinkles.

"Can I ask you something? Where is this?"

When Sein's mental magic translated it, the old man blinked his eyes and pointed to the mountain.

"Escatu."

It was a calm reaction for someone who had never encountered magic before, but Miro nodded as soon as he found out where it was.

"Oh, Escatu."

It meant the center of the world, and it was the name of a mountain range in the northeast of the continent.

"Well, we made it to the continent. So what do we do? It's fate that we met like this. How about a modest feast?"

No one answered his joke and Miro regained his appetite and went to the point.

"Let's split up here for now. Be careful in case there's any pursuit. Do you all have a place to go?"

Gangnan said he would go to Zulu's hideout with Gaold and Shiina and Etella said they would go back to magic school.

Kuan kept mum about his whereabouts and Armin was free to go anywhere since he had already left Ivory Tower.

The problem was Plu.

The Magic Association she had to return to was already under the control of new chairman Rufist.

"Are you okay? How about going with me?"

Plu shook her head at Gangnan's suggestion.

"No. I'll go back to the association first. I'm worried about Isabel too."

"What if they question you about what happened in heaven?"

"If they want something, I'll have to tell them."

Everyone's eyes focused on Plu.

"I don't know how much they can get from me since Cage B team already went there, but I'll provide information if necessary. I'm also an official magician affiliated with Torumia Kingdom."
[Translated block]


Kang Nan nodded as he listened to that point.

"That's right, that's like you."

It wasn't just because he followed Gaold that he was included in the project.

He knew that he was a pro who prioritized his mission in any situation, so he was able to trust and entrust Shiro's assistance.

"But be careful. Rufist won't let you return to work easily."

"It's something I have to accept. But how can they waste a talent like me?"

Kang Nan laughed at Flu's joke.

Believing what you believe is right.

It was something that no one could stop if a pro mage thought so.

"Please take good care of Gaold. From now on, I will work for the association, but...."

Flu said with a wink.

"Once a comrade, always a comrade."

"Yeah, once a comrade, always a comrade."

Kang Nan realized the meaning behind Flu's words and looked at Juru, sending a signal to leave.

"Anyone who wants to go to the city can ride. I'll take you."

"Oh, then we too...."

Only Shiina and Etera decided to accompany them to the city.

The rest of them didn't have much to do, and they weren't weak enough to suffer in the wilderness.

Armin looked up at Shiina and said.

"Shiina, you'll be a good teacher."

"Brother."

Shiina understood Armin's words.

She was hurt by her pride when she was used as bait to lure the Eternal Observer into the project, but now she knew.

Why Gaold wanted Etera more than her.

"Not everyone has to fight. Not everyone has to be strong. Go back to school and do what you want. Become a great teacher."

Shiina showed a gentle expression for the first time.

"Yeah. You have to be happy too."

That made Armin feel sad, but on the other hand, he smiled.

His beloved sister finally overcame her past trauma and started a new life.

"Then, see you again."

The strange Kaidra flew into the sky, and Armin also bowed to Kuan and disappeared with flicker magic.

That's how one by one they left their own paths, and finally Arius, who picked up Shiro, came up to Miro.

"Miro, what do we do?"

Miro looked around the world that unfolded like a sprint.

"Well, where should we start looking?"

The world he returned to after 20 years was full of mysteries, but for him, all those mysteries were just playgrounds.

* * *

Uorin opened her eyes with a snap after finishing her history search.

"I found it!"

At the end of the long journey of looking back at the entire history, what she found was another crack different from the bottom case.

Gando asked in a hurry.

"Did you find it?"

"He was born in the Middle East. Age is between 15 and 30. Gender is male. His name is Akaze, but he could have changed it easily if he had already left his hometown."

Uorin called for the windmaster and the door opened with a bang, and 30 people wearing owl masks came in like smoke.

"Did you call me?"

"Use your best intelligence to find him. He was born in a tribe in the Akkad desert. His family died in the Oasis War, and he is one of the survivors."

The information Uorin gave was the end of it.

It was a matter of searching the whole world with only vague age and gender information, but it was worth enough to do so.

"Yes sir."

The windmaster left silently, and Uorin bit her nails and wandered around the room.

Raga descended on Earth.

The purpose is one. To destroy humanity that builds chaos.

"Are you saying that Raga was born on this land?"

"Yeah. We have to find him before he starts acting. If we don't...."

Uorin couldn't say what Gando could imagine.

Nothing but the reincarnation of the Akashic Record.

When he finished his judgment on this world, what would happen would be an unprecedented shock wave that would come to humanity.
[Translated block]


"A great disaster has come."

"It doesn't matter. Even if it's a god, it can't surpass the greatness of Terra. We have to be prepared for everything."

Uorin, who finally stopped walking, looked back at Gando.

"A new era has opened, Gando."

After Gepin Malso, Anke La Malso, and this is the third and final reset.

It was called the Great Purification Era.
[Translated block]