


[742] Great Purification (2)

* * *

The planet that Taesung and Shirone look down on is divided into five major continents.

First, the North Pole where the Ivory Tower is located.

And below that, there is a continent where more than half of the 70 countries in the world belong.

The continent is divided into the north, middle, south, and middle east, and the three emperors, Kashan and Gustav Empire, occupy the west and east, respectively, with their borders touching each other in the northern continent.

The Central Continent, where the national density is the highest, has 21 kingdoms, including Shirone's hometown, the Kingdom of Tormia.

The Southern Continent has a relatively large territory compared to the Central Continent, but its national power is somewhat inferior to the Central Continent.

However, the Airon Kingdom at the southernmost end of the continent was a powerful country representing the south as one of the seven kings.

The only kingdom in the Middle East, Paras, is also one of the seven kings and is dividing the Akkad Desert with Kashan.

If you cross the sea from the Middle East, the second largest land in the world comes out, which is called the East.

In the north of the East, there is the Jincheon Empire, one of the three emperors, and six kingdoms are fiercely fighting for the second place below it.

If you cross the equator past the island nation below the East, the South, which is also Kangnan's hometown, comes out.

There are 14 kingdoms, but the rule is weak, and instead, thousands of tribes live while preserving their unique traditions.

Finally, there is the Antarctic, the coldest place in the world, where no creature can inhabit.

And now.

From the moment Anke Raga opened the door of the Great Purification, the great work that had been carried out step by step was facing the last moment.

The 3,600 altars installed in 69 countries around the world, excluding the Corona Kingdom of the North Pole, are about to open.

* * *

Airon Kingdom.

The Airon Kingdom, one of the seven kings, was a country with a painful memory of the parrot mercenary group led by Marsha falling into a bandit group.

But that's all in the past.

Marsha, who rescued Shirone from the Under Code, invoked a contract with Woorin, and now she was receiving special treatment in the Airon Kingdom as a proper S-class mercenary group.

"What the hell are they doing?"

Freeman, who was looking down at the altar from the cliff, was lost in thought with his chin propped up.

Even now, he was still the vice president who protected Marsha's side, although he was not the second person in terms of ability.

A medium-sized man reported briskly.

"According to the investigation, more than 1,000 altars have been discovered worldwide, and there are more than 200 in the Airon Kingdom alone."

And it was just completed.

"Is it possible?"

It is impossible for a giant altar, which would take at least a year even for a national project, to be built simultaneously.

Even the civil engineering work that completely shaved off a mountain and made it a flat ground was not a level that could be done with manpower.

"Isn't it the power of magic......?"

It was the answer closest to the correct answer, but Freeman could not accept it easily.

"If it's a god, maybe."

As the pale face without any more eyebrows distorted, the members clenched their military flags with tense expressions.

"Shall we infiltrate?"

Even if there is a god in there, they have to go because it is a task directly instructed by Marsha.

"Let's go in."

As soon as Freeman's order fell, the members lowered their posture like wild beasts and rushed towards the cliff.

"Stop."

The voice was small, but the footsteps of the 20 members with superhuman senses stopped without a single error.

"Boss."

Clay Marsha, the boss of the Parrot Mercenary Group, walked through the forest with a pipe in his mouth.

"What's going on all of a sudden?"

Freeman asked, but Marsha just squinted and looked down at the altar below the cliff.

"I was short-sighted. It's not something we can handle."

The ominous rumors flowing out of the upper class were driving the Airon Kingdom into an end-of-the-century atmosphere, but the existence value of the mercenary group was money after all.

A member asked.

"Boss, what do you mean? Where in the world is there something we can't handle?"
[Translated block]


"It was unusual for Marcia, an excellent calculator, to withdraw her plan in the middle.

"Urgent intelligence has come in. The special forces of the Airon Kingdom, who were investigating the altar in other regions, were annihilated."

"Annihilated?"

It was extremely rare for Airon's troops to be annihilated within their own country, let alone in a war with other countries.

"Who on earth......"

Just as Freeman was about to speak, Marcia frowned and pointed down the cliff.

An old man with a hunched back was walking towards the altar, leaning on his cane on the clean path.

When Freeman, who had been watching closely, looked back at Marcia, she was swallowing her saliva with a white neck.

"Evacuate immediately."

"What's going on?"

"There's no time to explain. That's not a human."

"If it's not human, what is it?"

"I don't know."

It was an honest impression.

When she encountered Miro's skills in the Under Coder, Marcia thought that humans could not go deeper than this.

'But that......'

It surpasses Miro.

The reason she could be sure was because she felt that all the scenery of the world was being drawn into the old man with a strange physique.

'No matter how big Miro is......'

It can't be heavier than the old man.

"An uninvited guest has come."

The first in the hierarchy of the Tenlo Society, Baron.

When Amita Banya's shiny eyes turned towards the cliff, the members finally realized.

'We're going to die.'

There was not a single lie in Marcia's words.

"Jump!"

As soon as all the parrot mercenaries disappeared from the cliff, Baron licked his tongue.

"Young people these days lack spirit."

Baron's cane tapped the ground again.

"When are you going to suck on this old man's spine."

Baron, who had arrived at the altar, sat down on the lowest floor and fanned himself with his hand.

"Come to think of it, I've lived a long time."

All the executives of the Tenlo Society had lived for more than 10,000 years, but no one knew Baron's lifespan.

'Why can't I go anywhere?'

What is left in this world.

When Baron, who was deep in thought with his mouth tightly closed, a red light bloomed in front of his eyes like a flame.

"Chairman."

The seventh in the hierarchy of the Tenlo Society, Apostle Banya Shura appeared.

She had a smooth body like a snake, and when she dealt with lies, her black eyes became long and cold.

"The preparations to open the altar are complete."

"......"

"There are many rumors in the society of immortals, as we built the altar according to the instructions of Anke Ra."

Anke Ra accepted each other to become a god, and Nane accepted each other to save the sentient beings.

"It's what we wanted for Ra to become a god and this world to become unique. But now......"

A huge void is coming.

"Some people are enlightened, some people are reincarnated, and now someone is trying to close it altogether."

This world was everything to Baron.

"As always, we need to find meaning. The meaning of life for an immortal is like the life of a mortal."

"What is the meaning of Nane's merit?"

"......none."

Baron stood up with his cane.

"So I'm going to try to make it from now on."

Baron, who was stepping on the stairs of the altar, asked Shura, who was following him.

"What do you think of fate?"

"I guess it's an illusion created by the harmony of time...? Because there's nothing outside the law of cause and effect."

Baron nodded.

"The human mind is also nothing more than a grain of sand swept away by the flow of time. Even if the fish go upstream, the flow of the sea will not change."

Shura listened carefully.

"If you sow a seed in the present, a sprout will come out in the future. Humans misunderstand that as a great ability......"

Baron caught his breath in the middle of the altar.

"In fact, it's already been decided since the moment you sowed the seed. It's not changing. It's just flowing like that."

We are not creating the future, but the future that has already been created is rushing towards us.

"Even if you sow a seed in the present, a sprout will come out in the future. Humans misunderstand that as a great ability......"

Baron caught his breath in the middle of the altar.

"In fact, it's already been decided since the moment you sowed the seed. It's not changing. It's just flowing like that."

We are not creating the future, but the future that has already been created is rushing towards us.
[Translated block]


"If there is truly something that can change the free will of a human......"

Facing the summit, Baron turned his head.

"Shouldn't we be able to destroy the future, not just change it?"

Even if seeds are sown, they may not sprout.

"That is what it truly means to live in the future."

"Chairman."

Even Shura, who had reached the state of Prajna Paramita, could not understand Amita's intentions.

"The owner of this world says he will close it. Then it is something we should accept."

Baron looked up at the sky.

"But it is still the will of a human."

Attachment to the present world, immortal.

Perhaps this is the meaning of himself who has been in this world for an eternal time.

"Justice."

Baron thought.

Amita's Avatar Technique - Iron Pole.

"Kuk!"

Feeling the concentration of the law, Shura jumped straight down from the top of the high altar and arrived on the ground.

'An enormous concentration of thoughts.'

Baron's wide-open jaw trembled and his breathy voice leaked out roughly.

"Kuhahahahaha!"

As the laws of the world twisted, they began to gather at the tip of the staff that Baron struck down.

His will was to be planted here with a binding force strong enough not to be swept away by the waves of time.

-How foolish, Amita.

A huge voice spread from the sky.

Then all the clouds in the sky condensed and changed into the face of Nane.

"Kuk!"

When Shura activated the Avatar Technique of Prajna Paramita, numerous crosses formed a barrier in the form of a sphere.

Gestalt of Union - God's Massacre.

Like seeing a meaningful shape in the stains on the wallpaper, her law combines falsehoods to create phenomena close to reality.

'It will never be destroyed! Even Miro couldn't break it!'

Even if it was the world of Under Code, which was specialized for her abilities.

-Do not be afraid.

Dharma - Truth.

From Nane's forehead, a white sword like a canvas plunged into God's Massacre at the speed of light.

"What......!"

The meticulously assembled crosses were separated like a chemical reaction, revealing Shura's face.

'This is Nane.'

She was Shura's natural enemy, who swallowed the dream of Anke Ra and was closest to righteousness in this universe.

"Ah ah ah......"

As Shura squatted down and shook her shoulders, Nane's gaze moved to Baron.

There was no visible phenomenon, but the iron pole was already completed and nailed to space-time.

-Do you think I can't break it?

In Baron's eyes, looking up at the sky, there was both pride and awe.

"Even if it's your world, there's no way I can't deny just one of me."

Because Nane's car number is not perfect.

-You will be swept away someday.

No matter how many resets you can withstand, it is a self-evident truth that you will eventually fall to the waves of time.

The only one who could withstand it was Hexa.

"Then just accept it. I just want to know, was the human mind so petty?"

It was the last question Baron threw at the world.

"Even if everything returns to nothing and no records remain, the life of an immortal is to struggle to the end."

Shura realized.

'So before the altar opens......'

He nailed the iron pole to the only point where there was still room to turn back, creating a standard of immutability.

'No matter how many futures are mixed up, the start is always here.'

Baron accurately stabbed the sharp gap of Nane's 0.1 percent, which was created by Shiro Ne.

Perhaps the thought that nothing had been decided yet passed through Shura's mind.
[Translated block]