


[702] God of the Desert (1)

"Wow, this is really fun, isn't it?"

Kido, who was hanging on to Kaidra's sharp claws, watched the cityscape spread out below him with interest.

"Kido, you'll fall if you keep doing that. You're afraid of heights, aren't you?"

"Hehe, it's okay if you catch me."

Everything was a new experience for Kido, but Shiroe was sleepy.

"Kido, I want to sleep. Let's go up now."

Kido climbed up Kaidra's body with a skill that surpassed a rock climber.

"You want to sleep already?"

"We have to fly all day. I'm not that interested in sightseeing anymore. Just a little bit."

Shiroe lay down under Kaidra's spine and Kido took over the cockpit where Shiroe had been sitting.

"Where..."

He shielded the sun with his back of his hand and the scenery that stretched to the horizon was sucked into his eyes as if he couldn't breathe.

"The world is really wide."

He wanted to go to the end of the earth someday.

When Shiroe woke up from his nap, Kido was still sitting in the cockpit and looking at the scenery.

"Are you still looking?"

"Well, I mean, when will I ever see something like this?"

As Rian stretched and got up, Shiroe crawled along the spine.

"Where are we?"

"We left the city. I've only seen desert for 30 minutes."

It was the largest desert in the world, the Akkad Desert.

"Look over there. People."

A procession of about 200 people was quickly crossing the hills of the desert.

Ratusa lowered the altitude as he noticed them and saw merchants wearing black clothes and turbans.

"They're really fast in the desert. What are they riding?"

It was a furry animal, but its legs were abnormally long and it didn't look tired even as it climbed the hills.

"It's an animal called Baltan. It's adapted to the desert environment so it can last for 7 days without drinking water."

"Even so, can they cross the desert on that?"

"There are countless tribes in the Akkad Desert. They must know where the oases are."

The merchants who spotted Kaidra raised their crescent-shaped swords and looked up at the sky.

"Be careful! It's a monster!"

There were cases where Kaidra, who couldn't stand hunger, attacked tribes in the desert.

"Hurry! Run faster!"

More than 200 Baltans increased their speed at once and a huge cloud of sand dust rose up.

Kido tilted his head.

"Why are they making such a fuss?"

"Let's just go up. They're scared of us."

Unless they were on par with Grand Magicians, Kaidra was a terrifying monster of Tier 3.

"No way! Attack!"

The desperate merchants shot arrows at them, but they didn't reach Kaidra and fell in parabolas.

"Huh? They're attacking us?"

Kido got up from his seat and pulled Ratusa's reins.

"What are you doing? Let's just go up."

"Have you ever seen a goblin just go away? They threw a punch at us, so we have to show them our skills too."

"They can't hit us anyway."

"Don't worry. I'm just going to tease them a little. Let's go, Ratusa! Show them how fast we are!"

Kido gave orders, but flying 7,000 kilometers a day was annoying for a monster that flew through the sky.

"Hey! Move! Are you saying you can't hear me?"

Then a good idea popped into Kido's head.

"Aha! Are you afraid of getting hit by arrows?"

Kaidra's eyes narrowed sharply.

"Hehehe, you're a monster but you're actually a coward. You're just a fast bird after all."

Grrrrrrrrr.

Ratusa let out a monstrous sound and plunged vertically, skimming over the sea of sand at high speed.

The startled merchants raised their arrows at once.

"It's coming! Cut it down!"

Among the pouring arrows, there were also ice daggers from magicians, but they didn't even scratch Kaidra's body.

"Kido! Slow down a bit!"
[Translated block]


Let's see how fast the ground flows with our eyes. Only then did I feel how fast Kaidra was.

"Uaaa! Avoid!"

As Kaidra raised the altitude just before the collision, the merchants flipped over a lot of sand dust.

"Spit! Spit! Damn it! What the hell is that?"

Kido stretched out his fist toward the merchants who looked up at the sky with a puzzled expression.

"Puhahaha! How is it? Be careful next time!"

Shirone sighed and said.

"I've been curious since before, but why do goblins like to bother others so much?"

"Kikikik! Of course, because it's fun. Goblins don't live as complicated as humans. Dying is not such a serious thing either. So what if others are a little miserable?"

"But you understand humans."

"Of course I do. But you know, I can't help it if I don't feel serious."

Kido shrugged his shoulders.

"You never know, maybe someday you'll have a human heart if you eat more humans."

It was the most inhuman thing I heard.

Shirone, who had flown for another two hours, rubbed his hungry stomach and said.

"I'm hungry. Let's go down and eat something."

Although food can be eaten while flying, he felt nauseous after flying in the sky for a long time.

"Ratusa, let's take a break over there."

When he pointed to an oasis 4 kilometers away, Kaidra circled around and looked for danger factors.

'He was well trained.'

Arriving in the wasteland and looking for shade, he moved his steps and found a broken carriage behind a cactus.

"What is this?"

It seemed to have been left alone for a long time.

Lian, who approached indifferently, lifted the tent of the luggage compartment and looked inside.

"......Shirone, I think you should come and see this for a moment."

There was a corpse lying in the luggage compartment with its neck bent, as if it had been dead for a long time.

Kido, who looked at the other side of the carriage, said.

"There's someone here too. Of course he's dead."

It was the corpse of a woman leaning against the carriage and the corpse of a girl lying on her knees.

When he turned the girl's chin upside down, her face rolled off with a thud.

Surprised by the sound, Kido looked at the woman's corpse.

"Hmm."

He tore off the flesh left on the skeleton and put it in his mouth.

"Spit. Spit."

It was not in an edible state.

He rummaged through his arms and pulled out a coin purse. When he opened his mouth and shook it vigorously, two pennies fell out.

"......"

He glanced briefly and quietly put it in his back pocket when Shirone approached and said.

"How is it? Did you find anything?"

The meaning of exploration when finding a corpse was completely different between humans and goblins.

"I found a notebook in the carriage."

When Shirone opened the notebook, Lian and Kido approached from both sides and leaned their heads forward.

The letters were in Kashan's language and looked like a diary.

"Lian, can you read it?"

Most of the nobles learn one of Kashan, Gustav, or Jincheon's languages ​​as part of their culture.

"I can have everyday conversations, but I don't know letters."

"Really? I heard that most people choose Kashan as their culture in Tormia."

"I did too."

"......"

It was when ultimate sense was needed.

"I'll decipher it. So......"

When he opened the Ultima system, a rough feeling of the letters was conveyed to his head.

"It seems like a family who fled from tribal wars. I don't know the exact date, but it says that her daughter had heatstroke."

"It's a common disease in the desert. But since they are desert tribes, they should have some antipyretics?"

"I don't know. Did they not take care of it while running away?"

Lian looked at the carriage again.

"There are no signs of being attacked. Is it really heatstroke?"

"This is written here."

Shirone pointed to the last page.

"The god of the desert comes swallowing emptiness."
[Translated block]


Kido opened his mouth blankly.

"What are you talking about? Did you die in vain?"

"It could be suicide."

Lian nodded at Siro's words.

"I'm bothered by the mother and daughter's bodies lying side by side. Maybe the husband went crazy, or the aftereffects of heat stroke...."

Kido's head twisted toward the outside of the oasis.

"Siro, something is coming."

It was a fact that he could feel because he was well versed in the laws of the land, and then Kaidra got up with a hostile gesture.

"There are so many! They're very fast?"

As Kido's words ended, sand began to stir like a mirage on the other side of the desert, and a flock of king scorpions that dominated the entire field of view appeared.

"Ugh! What is that!"

It felt like his heart stopped just by looking at the desert-colored scorpions that were 2 meters long and wiggling.

"They're not aiming for us. That's a migration. Did an earthquake happen somewhere?"

Kido turned his body toward Kaidra.

"Is that important? Let's get out of here!"

"No! We have to stop them here!"

"Why!"

Siro said with a serious expression.

"They could collide with the merchants if they go like this."

The probability of the merchants not being able to avoid the scorpion flock was quite high considering the scale of the movement.

"Damn it!"

Kido grabbed his spear and approached Siro.

"So you're saying we should get rid of them all? There are so many?"

"That's right, Kido."

Siro kicked the ground and jumped out.

"Humans are complicated."

Lian followed Siro, and Kido, who had been watching blankly, jumped forward as if he had made up his mind.

"Whatever, I don't know!"

He squeezed in between the two and jumped into the flock of king scorpions, crouching his body.

"Let's just make some meat money!"

Two hours later.

More than a thousand king scorpion corpses covered the oasis with gruesome corpses.

"Wow! Wow!"

A bandit group of 40 people stopped their omeks at the place where Siro's party had finished the battle and left.

If Baltan was the horse of the desert, Omek was the hyena of the desert, with long mane hair, a wolf-like face, and sharp fangs.

It had the disadvantage of being difficult to obtain food because it was carnivorous, but its mobility was incomparable to Baltan.

"...Did God descend or something?"

Maga bandits, who have been making a name for themselves as the most powerful bandits in Akad Desert recently, but even in their eyes, this spectacle was not normal.

"Deputy leader, does it mean that king scorpions are moving north...?"

"Yeah. North Carter is coming."

The god of the desert, North Carter.

Due to the geographical characteristics of Akad Desert, which is connected north and south by the equator, the pressure difference due to temperature changes is enormous.

North Carter was the name of a rare equatorial wind that caused a huge sandstorm that accompanied a desert tsunami.

"There are no traces of movement in the northern sand dunes. Maybe they went south."

"That's crazy. The only place we can get to before God of the Desert arrives is Vanguard at best."

The fact that king scorpions had come this far meant that North Carter had already crossed the equator.

"Do you care? Let's go north quickly."

He turned his body as he said so, but the deputy leader spotted someone coming quickly on an omek.

"It's the leader! Everyone stand up!"

Everyone who was examining king scorpion corpses waited with a stiff expression as leader's omek stopped.

"Leader."

A woman who joined bandits a month ago and pushed out deputy leader in an hour and took leader's position.

No one objected.

If it wasn't for her, they wouldn't have been able to dream of dominating this vast Akad Desert.

-She's not human. She's a beast. No, she's a god of beasts.

It was deputy leader's resignation speech who knelt down at leader's blow at that time.

"...Someone came."
[Translated block]


It was surprising that she used language at all, having reached the limit of her animal senses.

"Yes. I think we've finished them all in a short time."

As the captain descended from the Omech, he draped his cloak over his shoulder and approached her. Her wet tomb was exposed between the torn clothes.

She was a thief who couldn't use her legs if she was a woman, but no one dared to look at her body.

"It smells of Yacha."

Park Nyeo, the ninth-ranked member of the Tenrohui.

She was currently leading the Maga thieves under the command of La Enemy and performing some kind of mission.

"Two of them."
[Translated block]