


[673] Secret of Radum (1)

As the brain of the passage was released, the members regained consciousness one by one.

No one lost their lives, but the feeling after regaining consciousness was dismal.

It was the powerful force possessed by the Lord of Fear, and Shironne was also disturbed.

'What could it have been? That memory...'

Although he thought it was not his own, he felt like his heart was about to burst when he saw Ikael's face.

'La Enemy.'

There was one more reason to leave the Ivory Tower test and meet him.

While the 17 people who finished preparing for departure were moving in formation, Kargin approached Joshua.

"Are you okay?"

Joshua had been quiet since seeing his son's welcome.

"Don't worry. I'll be on guard properly."

"That's not what I mean..."

"I didn't even love her."

Joshua spat out.

"She's a child who doesn't even know who her father is. I've always resented her. I just felt guilty. That's all."

At the words that seemed to brainwash him into believing that, Kargin did not ask any further.

There were no residents on the way to the inside of Radum.

Perhaps they are still trapped in the back world, avoiding Galloper's knife, and wandering somewhere.

"We've arrived."

Kuan, who arrived at the boundary line that distinguishes the outside and inside of Radum, commonly known as Siren, said.

"From here on, the dimensions are different. It's good to be prepared."

There were no noticeable features, but the feeling conveyed by the Ultima system was definitely a different world.

'It's amazing.'

Inside the curtain of information that surrounds the entire radius, numerous circuits secured their own areas.

If you look at it with the sense of Park Ji, it was a space burning with light.

"I've heard rumors. High difficulty concealment facility. Even the best information magician can't completely unlock the encryption device inside Radum, right?"

Even if Shironne can confirm the entity of the signal, breaking it is a separate problem.

"How are you going to break through?"

At Arkman's question, Jane said.

"There are two ways to go to the center of Radum. One is to solve the password one by one. And the other is to cut off the power."

"Cut off the power?"

Ivian said as if he had suddenly come to mind.

"That's strange. Radum is an isolated area, but where does it get the power to operate the concealment device?"

"The sun."

Lupist said.

"What I'm going to tell you from now on is a first-class national secret."

The members swallowed their saliva.

"We can see the sky now. Because something in the center of Radum penetrates light."

"What the hell are you talking about?"

"It starts as a small sphere."

A human face-sized iron ball was formed on Lupist's palm.

"It's a kind of seed. You plant this in the ground."

With a thud, the sphere was stuck to the floor.

"It penetrates or absorbs or reflects light with a substance called a light mineral. This planet doesn't have it, and of course I can't form it. Just for explanation..."

The iron ball trembled and vines twisted and sprouted on the surface.

"It self-generates by receiving sunlight. Like a creature. It is presumed that there is a special design like a genetic map inside the mineral."

Buds appeared on the vine and opened like petals.

"It collects photons and emits energy. It's easy to understand if you think of it as a similar method to photosynthesis."

"No, I don't understand at all. So what is this?"

Jane said.

"Thor Mia Kingdom has been isolating Radum from the capital for a long time. What do you think the reason is?"

"Well, because terrorist organizations and Ain species cause accidents. It's like a trash can in the capital."

Shironne also initially knew that.

"That's not wrong. But there is no explanation for the cause of Radum's occurrence. I'll show you now, the secret of Radum."
[Translated block]


Jane pulled out Nemesis from the cube.

"Let's get started."

Following Jane, Shirone, who wore Nemesis, activated the Ultima system, and the feeling of 'Siren', the internal boundary network of Radum, was implemented in reality.

Jane implemented an electrical circuit with simple information magic, and Aria approached the circuit.

"I will cut off the power of 'Blossoming' by entering the first-class security code."

Aria's role is Radum explorer and code carrier.

Because it was directly imprinted on the unconscious from Yongnoe, even she could not know the code.

Nevertheless, she was a first-class confidential holder, so even Ruphist gave her the best protection, Kuan.

Jane knocked on Aria's mind.

Whether to accept or not is Aria's decision, but the moment she refuses, she will die for security.

'I allow access.'

As soon as she thought, Aria's eyes flashed and the keyword hidden in the unconscious was activated.

As the boundary network of Siren became blurred, the scenery inside Radum began to reveal its original appearance.

Whiiiiing!

An alarm that seemed to tear the eardrums rang, and the tower mixed with all kinds of races' personalities unfolded before their eyes.

"What, what is that?"

Wooden style, stone style, mechanical style, and even buildings that look too difficult for human common sense.

However, the reason why the members were surprised was the huge iron tower hundreds of meters high standing tall in the deepest part of Radum.

Ruphist looked up at the bud hanging at the top of the tower and said.

"It has grown quite a lot."

The hideout of the Ain species union, which was only rumored, was indeed a flower.

"The reason why the kingdom left Radum alone. It was certainly to isolate the trash, but they were also just fertilizer in the end. Radum is a flowerpot. A flowerpot to grow ancient weapons."

"Ancient weapons?"

Yordic looked back at Ruphist with a pale face.

"Super ultra-large interception device, Biohwa. It's a strategic defense weapon that collects sunlight and emits it as a high-energy beam. The power is so strong that it can deliver power to all hidden facilities in Radum through the roots."

Ruphist finally handed down the real mission to the members.

"From now on, we infiltrate Biohwa, take over control, and steal seeds."

'Oh my, that's it!'

The reason why the kingdom isolated the Radum area when Biohwa was first reported in the kingdom was because once the seed took root, it could not be moved.

Grow Biohwa and get new seeds.

Once the kingdom made the decision, it closed Radum, and the Ain species sneaked in one by one to this day.

Kugugugugung!

The members looked up at Biohwa at the vibration of the ground shaking as if floating on the sea.

"It's... opening."

As the flower bud unfolded, it cast a shadow over the radius of Radum.

The area of one petal alone reached 200 square meters, and the sight of dozens of such things unfolding was a spectacle.

As the flower bloomed, the landscape of the opposite side of Radum was covered with the shadow of a giant flower.

It must have been dark there like night.

"Uuuuuu!"

A beam shot from Biohwa pierced the western area in a diagonal line as if the ground was shaking as if floating on the sea.

As soon as the boundary line dividing the outside and inside was scratched with a beam, a tremendous explosion sound rushed in.

"He must have noticed it already."

The evidence was to counterattack as soon as the boundary network of Siren was released.

Mairei shouted with one ear blocked.

"I can hear La Enemy's voice! He gave the order!"

Kohn shouted.

"Damn it! Do something! We're all going to die like this!"

The radius of destruction by the energy beam was so wide that it seemed impossible to avoid it in time.

"Jane!"
[Translated block]
Jane immediately responded to the voice of Rufist.

'Cosmic Rail!'

As soon as she cast a mental magic, Jane's voice was heard in everyone's head.

-We do not take tickets for allies.

"What is this sound...!"

Baikon, who was grumbling, flew up involuntarily and landed in a place like a passenger compartment with wheels.

"What is this?"

All 17 members were gathered, and a 1-meter-long rail was being laid at a tremendous speed in front of the welcoming passenger compartment.

Public transportation magic Cosmic Rail.

The mobility increases in proportion to the speed of laying the rail, and it provides an environment identical to the inertia of reality to the passengers.

This was an impossible task unless environmental control, mental control, and physical control were applied simultaneously to improve the convenience so that passengers could concentrate on the battle.

'As expected, the secretary of the Magic Association.'

The algorithm that moves along the rail, the physical force of the air series that transports 17 people in total, and the best customer satisfaction service that guarantees the autonomy of passengers through mental control.

"Slow! Faster!"

Despite the higher efficiency than teleportation when carrying many people, Rufist was grumpy like a real person.

'16 people are a bit tough.'

When Jane blew up the ceiling with a bang, the speed at which the rail was laid increased sharply.

Even then, the energy beam fired from the bio was approaching, scraping the ground like an open umbrella.

It was so hard to breathe in the gust of wind that the rail was being laid at the maximum speed ever.

The top of the building higher than the direct trajectory was blown up by the beam, and chunks of debris poured out.

When Jane deployed the rail like a whip, the course of the passenger compartment turned sharply.

"Wow!"

"Hold on tight!"

When the roller coaster algorithm was activated and the rail stood almost vertically, the members grabbed the wall.

The energy beam passed them narrowly.

"Huh! Huh!"

Baikon, who had lost strength and sat down, leaned his arm against the wall and said.

"It's a damn rough moving magic."

"First of all, we approach the bio as much as possible."

"What are you talking about? We'll be there soon."

When Yordic, the master of the war chariot, stood up leaning against the wall, goblins jumped off the roof of the building on a hang glider.

"The one who kills eats!"

Goblins belonging to the middle class of Radum were a small race that enjoyed human flesh and had a unique agility and cruelty.

Jane sent a warning.

"It will be dizzy. Be careful."

Rufist looked around the members and said.

"Hey, mercenaries. Shouldn't you start earning your money?"

Joshua, who blinked his eye technique, aimed his bow, and Wig also prepared to confront him with his twin swords.

"Let's go!"

At the same time as the course of the Cosmic Rail twisted like a rapid, arrows rained from the goblin unit.

"You insignificant things!"

The magicians who teleported out of the passenger compartment each responded with their specialties.

When the goblins fell one by one, Jane's eyes widened.

"Dangerous!"

Above the tower, an electric net was spread out to block the route.

"The power of the bio has been restored. Should we go down to the ground?"

"No. Approach as much as you can."

As the dangerous air defense facilities regained their functions one by one, the Cosmic Rail continued its precarious advance.

'Just a little more! Just a little more!'

At the point where more than half of the hidden facility area was destroyed, photons began to gather in the petals of the bio again.

When it suddenly became night, Jane shouted.

"Let's land! We won't get hit this time!"

"Keep going!"

Even 3 seconds, no, 1 second closer, they could recapture the bio in time.

The moment a huge sphere of light exploded from the pedestal stuck in the stem, Rufist shouted.

"Jump off!"

"This crazy...!"

As the members fell, entrusting their bodies to gravity, a huge flash passed over them with a roar.
[Translated block]