


```
Fallen Woman (1)

The quiet waves crashed on the white sand.

It was thrilling to have such tranquility now, when the army of hell was sweeping across the world.

"It's beautiful."

Seong-eum's face, looking over the sea, was more beautiful than the sea to Siro-ne.

"Space is fiction..."

What does it matter how big the world we live in is, if I erase myself, who exists.

"I thought so."

Seong-eum looked back at Siro-ne.

"Time is fiction, so space is fiction. But when I look at the sea like this, I don't care."

Isn't it just beautiful?

To someone outside the planet, the sea might be nothing but a disgusting sediment, but to Seong-eum, it was beautiful.

"That's the heart."

Planting a heart in a phantom world.

"Yes."

The reason why Siro-ne enjoyed being with Seong-eum was because she understood him.

"But Siro-ne, I don't have a philosophy that is as passionate as you or me towards the world. All I can do is prevent my country from being destroyed."

Only for Jincheon.

"Seong-eum, tell me. After spending a day with me, what will happen to you? What are you trying to do?"

Seong-eum changed the subject.

"Siro-ne, can I be a good mother?"

"Huh? Mother?"

"I want to have a baby. One that looks like me, but more like my husband."

As if she already had life in her, Seong-eum wrapped her belly with both hands.

"How much distance can I give to my child?"

Siro-ne couldn't answer.

"Let's go see the kids, Siro-ne. I want to do that."

Before she heard an answer, Seong-eum grabbed Siro-ne's hand and cast an ether wave.

The place they arrived was Yeomra's playground.

While the noble ladies sat in a corner and chatted, the children were playing.

"Hehe! You there! Don't stand there!"

Outside Yeomra, the war was raging, but the children playing in the playground were just innocent.

Siro-ne and Seong-eum entered the playground, but none of the ladies recognized the face of the imperial princess.

"Hehe, kids are so easy-going."

It was an endless joy for Seong-eum that there were still people who could laugh in Yeomra.

"They are my children. The children I have to protect."

She approached the children and said something and started playing ball.

Siro-ne laughed at the sight of her spiking mercilessly against clumsy children.

'Come to think of it...

Seong-eum didn't distance herself from the children.

"Hey! Hey! Eat this!"

Then a child came into the playground and sprinkled a handful of dirt on the children.

"Don't do that! It's dirty!"

"Ew! Ew!"

Even though his friends hated it, he kept throwing dirt until the end. Siro-ne frowned at him.

"He's here again, Mrs. Jang's son."

"I thought he wouldn't come today. But it's also hard to take the kids back now."

The ladies murmured and looked at him with disgust, but no one stepped up and stopped him.

Siro-ne guessed that the rank of a noble with the surname Jang was higher than theirs.

"Stop it. Don't you hate your other friends?"

Seong-eum politely scolded him, but the child who threw dirt looked at her with amusement.

"What are you doing, lady? I came to the playground and want to play as I please."

"Oh, lady?"

Seong-eum slapped Jang's son on the head with a dumbfounded expression.

"There's nothing you can't say to a woman who hasn't even had a wedding."

"Ow!"

Jang's son grabbed his forehead and glared at the children hiding behind Seong-eum.

"Hmph, boring."

He couldn't say anything because of his parents' rank, but it was too much for the children to hide their hateful eyes.

He walked to a corner of the playground and rolled a large stone aside.
```
[Translated block]
The ants were wriggling, and he started to step on them with his small feet, looking at them with eyes of disgust and awe.

"Hey! Die! Die
[Translated block]


"Teach me what is important first. Otherwise, you'll be lonely for the rest of your life."

Mrs. Jang was furious.

"Who are you to teach me? Do you know who I am? If I open my mouth in the office..."

"Please take me away!"

When Si Rone shouted, Seong Eum turned around with a surprised expression.

'Take me away, please!'

He was not angry with the child.

"Have you ever seen such a stupid thing!"

Mrs. Jang, who was originally rude, got up and slapped Si Rone's cheek.

The sound of turning was not Si Rone, but Mrs. Jang's face.

"Ouch??????

She couldn't even get angry at the inexplicable phenomenon, when Seong Eum came to them.

"Follow his words."

Mrs. Jang's face turned pale as soon as she saw Seong Eum.

"Princess!"

She had only seen Seong Eum from hundreds of meters away, but the eyes of the nobles could not forget the bloodline of the emperor.

"I am honored to see you, Princess!" Seong Eum waved his hand.

"Take your son and go back. The situation is chaotic..."

Mrs. Jang left with her son, and the other ladies hurriedly returned home.

Seong Eum said to Si Rone.

"Let's go too. I think we've had enough fun."

"Tell me now, what are you thinking? What will happen to you when you go back to Hwangseong?"

"You know why I don't say it, don't you? It's something that will help you. But if you listen to me, you won't be able to choose."

"I can choose."

"It won't be a good choice."

"That's for me to decide." Seong Eum sighed.

"Si Rone, the demons are killing people. If you could stop this, you would do anything, right?"

"Of course."

"What if I came up with something amazing that could win this war? Could you marry me?"

"Yes."

It was an abrupt question, but there was no such thing as an impossible situation for Si Rone's determination.

"I'll do anything. Of course I love Amy, but nothing else matters besides that feeling."

Seong Eum looked at Si Rone with a sad expression and distanced himself.

"That's enough."

Si Rone's space was deprived, and Seong Eum's voice faded away.

-Goodbye. Si Rone.

"Wait!" Seong Eum had already left.

"What the hell? What is this?"

Si Rone spread his wings and flew into the sky.

Seong Eum was faster than him.

"Seong Eum! Where are you!"

He walked toward Daejeon and shouted, but An Chal appeared and blocked his way.

"Stop! No one can approach!"

"What are you doing? You're killing innocent people to win the war?"

"The princess suggested it! Aren't you sacrificing yourself for the world too!"

"I don't commit suicide! Seong Eum's death doesn't end the war!"

Si Rone pushed An Chal's shoulder and passed by.

"I'm going to close the spirit realm!"

He stopped abruptly.

"What?"

"You know that demons are endlessly produced. But if you close the spirit realm, replenishment is impossible."

"How is that possible?"

"The princess will open the immortal function from the device developed by Jincheon Space Nation. It is to swallow up the entire space of hell with the power of ether waves."

'If the spirit realm is closed,' it meant that demons could not cross over to reality no matter what evil deeds humans committed.

'I can win.'

His heart pounded.

"Wait."

A terrible thought that flashed through his head and passed by.

"What are you talking about? What about Seong Eum? Do you know what will happen to Seong Eum?"

"Yes. The princess's mind..."

An Chal lowered his head and clenched his teeth.
[Translated block]


"You will wander in a terrible hell." Forever.
[Translated block]