


```
[478] Her name is Kang Nan (2)

Gaold waited, looking up at the sky.

The bridge, which had become much steeper than when Kang Nan left, was now almost a vertical cliff.

Therefore, the height was a whopping 2 kilometers.

It was a perfect height for Kang Nan, a warrior who could not use magic, or Miro, who could not use magic, to fall to their deaths.

But that was also the case when they crossed the drawbridge.

Uriel had not yet taken action, but rather that point was more troubling.

"Damn it."

He didn't care a bit about Gaold's party.

The only thing he was interested in was Miro, the only one in all of humanity.

And finally, as Miro crossed the bridge and revealed himself, Uriel reacted.

If he regained Miro, everything would be back to square one.

He didn't know how Kariel would have judged, but he believed that his intellect and his intuition would match this time.

Kwoong!

As the drawbridge shook and Uriel soared vertically, Gaold followed him.

Miro came back over and a new hope sprouted, but that sprout was rotten somewhere.

'Dog...'

Kang Nan couldn't cross the bridge.

He had faithfully fulfilled his mission by sending Miro away.

His heart pounded and a strange fire rose in his heart.

It was a fire that was different from desire.

A different anger or hatred, another hell that Gaold experienced for the first time in his life.

"Uaaaaaa!"

He pressed down on the air with air press and Uriel's speed, which soared with wings of light, rapidly decreased.

Chiiiiing!

Uriel swung the wheel of destruction and turned his body toward Gaold.

To be honest, Gaold was a nuisance.

If he had an opponent who could match him, he could enjoy competing with him as much as he wanted.

Conversely, if it was a weak enemy, he could just destroy it.

That awkward borderline.

No matter how much he trampled on him, he got up again, but he couldn't harm himself either.

Uriel thinks.

Maybe that's the essence of human confusion.

Good and evil, life and death, strength and weakness are all mixed up so that none of them can be defined as contradictions.

'That's right.'

Uriel suddenly realized.

Why he didn't open up all his power and finish them off.

'He was afraid.'

He was reluctant to admit that he might not be able to achieve results even with all his power against these weak creatures.

'Anke Raya, the reason you were wary of humans...'

Gaold's airgun hit Uriel directly.

It was a powerful attack that could pierce steel, but it was just a sting for the Archangel of Destruction.

In that slight unpleasant stimulus, Uriel delved deeper into his thoughts.

He excited Kariel, the pinnacle of intelligence, and made him hesitate to destroy himself, the incarnation of destruction.

'The chaos of humans...'

Finally Uriel reached a conclusion.

'It collapses the absoluteness of the world.'

"Keeeeeeee!"

Gaold's barrage hit Uriel's body harder and faster.

At last, when a sensation that could be defined as pain was transmitted, although there was no such definition for angels, Uriel's glory body expanded to an enormous size.

"I am absolute."

Infinite Judgment Wheel-Ragnarok.

As the concept of destruction accumulated in the halo, white electricity spread in all directions.

'I can't stop it.'

The moment a thought flashed through Gaold's head like lightning, his hand was already stretched out toward Miro.

He pulled her in with an air net and rushed to the ground with all his might.

Uriel destroyed the paradise stick.

His body surrounded by only the concept of destruction did not need any tools. It was a weapon of existence itself.

"Woohoo!"

Uriel fell vertically.

The moment his body wrapped in white electricity crashed into the bridge as a streak of light, Jullu's summoning magic activated.
```
[Translated block]
"Let go of me, you jerk! You can't just leave her there!" Miro shouted, struggling to free herself from Gaold's grip.

"Miro, calm down
[Translated block]


```text
Gauld's voice was harsh.

He had been obsessed with finding the maze for 20 years.

And now the maze was in his possession.

The stopped clock was ticking again, and everything that happened from now on was a terrifying blank future for Gauld.

He was lost.

He couldn't judge anything, and he didn't even know what the fear in his heart was.

"We can save her now! As long as I'm here, they can't kill her easily!"

"Shut up."

The maze was frustrating.

He couldn't possibly not know. That's why Gauld was making the wrong decision right now.

"You idiot, that girl is you...."

Electricity flashed in Gauld's eyes, and he opened his mouth wide enough to drop his jaw and screamed.

"Shut uppppppppppppp!"

The group stopped.

Gauld, who had been rolling his eyes in confusion, threw the maze roughly on the ground and turned around.

"Damn it!"

He hit a wooden stick with his fist, and the shell popped out with a loud noise, and a tremendous pain rushed in.

Still, one thought did not leave his head.

Kang Nan. Kang Nan was captured.

What tormented him most was the fact that she was surely alive at this moment.

To the group, Kang Nan was nothing more than a short acquaintance who worked on this project together, but Gauld was different.

The first time he realized he was without her, he realized that Kang Nan had always been by his side.

"She's a warrior of the wolf tribe. She acted according to her beliefs. She chose it, and we have to respect it."

"Don't talk nonsense."

Miro got up from where he had fallen and grabbed Gauld's collar.

"Get a grip! We can save her now! This has nothing to do with me!"

Everyone in the group felt the same as Miro.

If they could save her, they should save her.

But no one could say anything out loud.

Gauld had lived in hell for 20 years, so unless they could share his pain by a tenth, Gauld's judgment was paramount.

Sein lied to his friend for the first time.

"When we came here, we decided that the project would be our priority in any situation. Miro, we risked our lives to save you. Now you're telling us to break that rule, it's not easy."

Miro glared at Sein and then turned his head back to Gauld.

"Do you think so too? Is this really what you want? You want me so much that you're pushing her to death? Is that your choice?"

Gauld said nothing.

He was like a newborn baby who had just come into the world, unable to think anywhere.

Miro looked at him pitifully and turned Gauld's chin around and shouted.

"Look at me! Look me in the eye!"

Gauld's gaze slowly moved to her.

There was a feeling of something being completely gone in his pupils.

"Are you so scared? Are you afraid that everything you've done for 20 years will go down the drain, so you're going to abandon her?"

"I..."

Before he could finish his sentence, Miro pulled Gauld's neck and kissed him.

Gauld pushed Miro away reflexively with his eyes shaking in shock.

"What are you doing! Do you think this is a time to joke?"

Miro didn't give up and came closer again and grabbed Gauld's wrist and pressed it against her chest.

"Just do it here. Take me! And then go save her, you idiot!"

Gauld frowned.

This one and that one, they were all making him look like a fool.

"You're now....!"

Then, from the sky, several voices mixed together in a beautiful voice.

It was an ability called gospel that angels spread together as a group.

-We tell the human who has Miro. We have your tribe. If you don't bring Miro by noon tomorrow, we'll kill them. Remember that the sooner you come, the less pain she will suffer. We tell you one last thing. We are....
```
[Translated block]


Gaspel repeated the same words and disappeared.

It was a huge sound, but a neat finish without even an echo.

Gauld, who staggered and sat down on a rock, bit his thumbnail and was lost in thought.

Noon tomorrow.

'The time is urgent.'

The fallen angels are those who broke the taboo, and the Mara they carry are extremely ferocious.

At this moment, he didn't know what kind of thing Gangnan was going through.

Squeak. Squeak.

Gauld's teeth, who ate his nails in an instant, began to gnaw at the bone of his thumb.

Squeak. Squeak.

No one could say anything about the bizarre self-harm that a human with a thousand times the basic sense of pain was doing.
[Translated block]