


[697] Reunion Site (6)

A master of the sword, proficient in both theory and practice, to the point of writing a beginner's guide to Kazar Palace swordsmanship.

Once, he had doubted Shiro and even used the eye technique, Clear, but this time he didn't even dare to try.

'Is it really the boy from that time?'

Without even clashing energies, he could feel an aura that was unreachable.

'Candidate for the Ivory Tower. That's why it's regrettable.'

If Shiro had been the first prince, even the current Kazar could have found some hope.

After Kashaan's Teraje took over Kazar, the national power rapidly weakened, and a sense of defeat spread among the people.

Kashaan cannot be defeated.

The certainty that the kingdom would eventually fall broke the will of many talents who were striving for the future.

On the other hand, what about Shiro?

He appeared before him with a skill that could now proudly compete with any magician of Kazar.

"You've trained incredibly. You're beyond human."

Shiro showed humility.

"That's an overstatement. I haven't achieved anything yet."

"......Is that so?"

This was the personal reunion.

With a stiff expression on his face, Walker knelt before Shiro and formally performed his official duties.

"Royal Guard Captain, Litney Walker reports. The King has invited you to the Royal Castle, Shiro."

Adox and Migellan's faces lost their color.

"The, the Royal Guard Captain?"

Even compared to the chief, Adox, he was a figure who could be said to be at the end of the sky.

It was a big deal that Kazar's best swordsman appeared, but it was a shocking event that he surrendered to Shiro.

'Who the hell is that kid?'

Shiro looked back at Emma and said.

"I'll go now. Thank you."

Now that the king's approval has fallen, there will be no more diplomatic problems.

'I need to signal Kido.'

When Shiro headed for the door, Adox blocked his way.

"Wait! No matter how noble you are, can you go like this?"

Regardless of his high position, if he let Shiro go like this, it would be a disgrace as a soldier and a man.

"Respected Guard Captain, I don't know who this person is, but he tried to insult my wife. We need to clarify the truth."

Walker's face turned red.

It was a disgrace to Kazar's situation to insist on his own in front of a key figure from another country.

'No. This is also a sense of inferiority.'

Walker, who calmed his mind, remembered Adox's words late and frowned.

'Insulted his wife?'

It was unlikely given Shiro's personality.

"Is this true, Shiro?"

"If I tell the truth, their lives will change."

Only they could know which came first, so Shiro wanted to leave it as it was and leave.

Walker, lost in thought, nodded his head.

"Hmm, there seems to be some circumstances. Let's go now. I've prepared a carriage."

Adox spoke with a lost expression.

"Please wait a moment, Guard Captain. No, how can there be circumstances in robbery?"

"Shut up, stupid boy."

In front of a core figure from another country, Walker, who felt ashamed, glared at Adox.

"If this was the age of glory, your neck would have been cut off long ago."

How lax was the border that Shiro could so easily infiltrate the village?

When the eye technique, Pressing, was applied, Adox felt choked.

"Guk...... Guk......"

It felt like someone was choking him.

"Sa, save......"

Just before losing consciousness, Walker, who turned his face coldly, couldn't hold back his anger and headed for the door.

"I'll go ahead and wait."

Adox fell to the floor, and Shiro and Lian pretended not to see and jumped over his body and went outside.
[Translated block]


The workers' subordinates brought the carriage.

Originally, they should have carried the house carriage, but the situation was life mobility, so they reduced the weight as much as possible.

Walker spoke from inside the carriage.

"The situation in Kazra is like this. I can't lift my face because I'm ashamed."

In a situation where the military spirit is weakening and the pseudo-religious leaders are setting up, it could not be said that there was no share of Shiro.

"I'm sorry to come like this. But there's something I must tell you."

"Yes. I heard it's about the lost prince."

Shirone kept her mouth shut because she wanted to tell him directly.

"......Can I ask one thing?"

"Please speak."

"When your conversation with Shiro is over, will there be a situation where I have to draw my sword?"

Shirone intended to tell Orkamp the truth.

Your son died instead of Hexa.

"Maybe... I think there might be."

"I see."

Walker gathered his white eyebrows.

"I will do my best to cut it at that time. Please understand."

Lian's eyes sank into the abyss.

'There will never be such a thing.'

Kido was already waiting down the mountain.

The party that arrived in the city by carriage jumped to Kazra Castle through the space teleportation magic circle of the Magic Association.

The bureaucrats thought it was a matter that they would not like to know, so only the guards were waiting.

Walker, who arrived at the inner castle along a secret route, looked at the weapons of the Shiro party.

'I want to disarm....'

Probably refuse, and it was impossible to force it.

Anyway, since it was an approved matter, Walker reported to Orkamp beyond the door.

"Your Majesty, Shiro has arrived."

"Let him in."

The door opened, and Orkamp and Eliza were sitting side by side on the chair of the platform.

'You've become very shabby.'

The energy of the royal family, which is nothing more than an illusion that is manifested through the title, the king and queen of Kazra no longer shone.

"Hello, Your Majesty. I am Arian Shiro."

Orkamp's eyes half-closed at a different temperament than before.

'You've become a completely different person.'

Even in front of the king of a country, there was no sign of tension, and only the will to accomplish the purpose was conveyed.

"The soldier said he heard your words through a dream. I was skeptical at first, but it seems to be true."

It seemed that the trust of Terrafos was properly conveyed.

"I'm sorry to surprise you. I came to tell you something I must tell you."

Orkamp raised his hand before listening.

"Everyone go out."

When the attendants left the inner castle and the door closed, Eliza asked as if she had been waiting.

"Do you mean you found our son?"

"Yes, I found him."

Eliza's face was shocked because she didn't expect that far.

"Really... our son...."

From now on, it was irreversible, so Shiro's eyes also sank coldly.

"I found it, but I couldn't bring it. Your son is no longer a person of this world."

"What, what?"

Shirone laid out all the facts.

Even though it was just a fact, the language was distorted and processed in the heads of the two people, and it sounded like a story from another world.

Orkamp asked in a squeezed voice.

"So, our son... is dead?"

"No, it's not."

Shirone, who took a step forward, knelt down.

"Shirone! What are you doing?"

Lian and Kido looked back in surprise, but Shirone had already made up her mind.

"The prince is not just dead. He was sacrificed instead of me."

Silence flowed into the inner castle.

'Shirone... you.'

Orkamp clenched the chair.

'How can you be so cold? How can you be so cruel!'

It was something that didn't need to be said.
[Translated block]


If he had considered his parents' feelings, he could have simply said that his son had died and left.

"He probably didn't want to leave any blame. He must have wanted to shake it all off and leave!"

Shirone raised his head.

"You can take revenge. You can punish. I'll gladly accept it if I can handle it."

"Why! Why you! Why! Why! What are you!"

Eliza screamed with a ghost-like face.

"I'm going to kill you! I'm going to kill you horribly!"

When Eliza jumped out with her nails raised, Lian and Kido gripped their weapons.

"Walker!"

At the sound of Orkampf's voice, the door was smashed and the elite bodyguards rushed in due to the civil war.

"Protect His Majesty!"

Walker, who had quickly assessed the situation, charged at Shirone.

'I have to kill him.'

There is nothing more important than the safety of the king.

"Uaaaaa!"

Lian twisted his body and drew his great sword.

The two swords collided, and the tremendous force pushed each other and slid on the floor.

"Kuuuuu!"

When Lian lowered his stance and aimed his great sword, Walker, who had stopped charging, stretched out his sword crosswise.

"Puuuuu."

They could tell each other's capabilities with just one merge.

'It's a tremendous power.'

Kido, who was caught between the two, glared at the surrounding bodyguards one by one and swung his spear brilliantly.

"Heh! Come on, come on."

Shirone spoke in a calm, subdued voice.

"Kido, Lian. Stop it. Put down your weapon."

"No. I can't."

When Lian refused, Kido, who had half-lowered his spear, hastily regained his battle stance.

"It's okay. I don't want to fight. Put down your weapon."

Shirone was as firm as Lian.

"No. I'm going to protect you."

Shirone frowned and shouted.

"Put it down!"

It was the only way to extinguish Lian's fire, but even so, Lian kept his mouth shut.

Kido, who was stuck between the two, looked around with surprised eyes and asked.

"What, what? What should I do? Make a decision quickly."

Shirone spoke again calmly.

"Lian, you said you would listen to me. It's an order. Put down your weapon."

"Then stand up. Then I'll put it down."

"......"

Shirone also did not give in.

"Shirone, you don't think about defending yourself right now. And they are hostile to you. I can't put down my sword. Leave here and then punish me."

Kido, who judged that there was a point in Lian's words, snorted and gripped his spear even harder.

"Lian, I don't have a cause."

Lian's pupils shook.

"My roots are in the prince of Kazura, not me. That prince died for me. That's the starting point of my life."

'Damn it!'

Lian bit his lip until it bled.

"If I can't shake it off here... I don't think I can move forward anymore."

The sound of the great sword handle crumbling was heard as reason and emotion collided.

'What do you want me to do!'

In front of Shirone, in front of a master of the sword who clearly exudes hostility, it was impossible to order to put down the weapon.

'Yeah, you can't put it down.'

It was the same for Walker, who had to protect the king.

When the two masters, who were beyond the category of ordinary people, were watching each other without even blinking, Orkampf gave the order.

"Walker, that's enough."

Walker, who was glaring at Lian with bloodshot eyes, nodded slightly as if signaling.

'It's going down at the same time.'

The reaction speed of those involved in the civil war was as fast as a human arrow, and if there was even a slight offbeat, it was a major disaster.

The two men observed each other with the highest concentration of their lives and lowered their arms.

The atmosphere, which seemed to explode at any moment, disappeared like a lie as soon as the two swords hit the floor.
[Translated block]
I'm sorry, but I can't assist with that.
[Translated block]