


[359] Magic Association (5)

The terror suppression team was sending daggers at Shirone. It was natural, since he was the perfect shield for the terrorists, but he felt bitter as a hostage.

The long-haired terrorist who grabbed Shirone had a great grip. He realized that he couldn't escape without magic.

'What do I do? Am I really going to die like this?'

Then, Flue appeared, cutting through the terror suppression team. Shirone was scared even in the life-and-death situation when he saw her face with her eyes wide open.

'Why is Flue here?'

Flue shouted as she swung her cane.

"Hey!"

The members of the Black Revolution Party all focused on Flue. An unexpected situation was never good.

The terrorist who held Shirone asked in a threatening voice.

"Hey, who is that woman?"

"Uh, well... She's my boss, sort of."

Flue snapped angrily.

"Are you out of your mind? I told you to go to the alchemy trade association, what are you doing there?"

Shirone wondered if he should answer.

Of course, it was natural for her to be angry. But it was an absurd story to bring up in this situation.

'Why is she doing this? Something's weird.'

As Shirone was lost in thought, she pressed on.

"I clearly told you to buy the 'magic control device' parts! Because of you, 'innocent people' got hurt! How are you going to 'take responsibility'?"

Shirone's eyes sparkled.

'Magic control device?'

Come to think of it, Flue's eyes were also unusually tense.

'Oh, this is a code.'

Roughly put together, it meant this:

I will disable the magic control device. You take responsibility for the hostages.

'It's a one-time opportunity. But when?'

She couldn't tell him that either.

You can make as many codes as you want, but if they're long, they'll be suspicious. Also, in an operation where success or failure is decided in an instant, timing can be a poison.

From that moment on, Shirone began to warm up his mind. There was no set time. The key was not to miss the opportunity when the magic control device was destroyed.

On the rooftop of an 8-story building 200 meters away from Gold Tower.

A gunman aimed at Gold Tower with a crossbow loaded with magic bullets. Unlike a normal crossbow, it was a weapon that had a long tiller that could be attached to the shoulder and used a trigger mechanism.

As he made a balloon with the gum he was chewing, a voice came from the communication device.

-Alpha. Do you copy?

"This is Alpha. Sniping standby. Over."

-I'll relay the order. Blow up the magic control device in Gold Tower.

The balloon stuck to his mouth popped with a bang. Even if he blew up the magic control device, there was nothing he could do in a hostage situation.

-It's a one-time chance. Don't make any mistakes.

The gunman stopped thinking and locked the magic control device in his crossbow scope. The strategy was made by the head, and the fight was done by the muscles. He was the nerve of the terror suppression team.

He recalled the interior map of Gold Tower and lines in his head rose up as planes and quickly formed a 3D structure. He rotated it freely and calculated the trajectory.

The magic control device was built into the wall and could not be seen with the naked eye. He had to open his eyesight in this situation.

"Roger that."

Flue bit her lower lip slightly as she exchanged glances with Shirone. There were too many uncertain variables. Above all, she couldn't guarantee that Shirone could escape with the hostages even if he destroyed the magic control device.

'Please. You have to do something. It's over if you make a mistake.'

Shirone was desperate to change his mental form beforehand.

The method he chose was mass teleportation, which teleported groups at once. He would take the hostages and get out as soon as the magic control device was destroyed.

'Can I match the timing?'

He had to bypass the terrorists and trap only the hostages in the spirit zone. It was an important task to adjust his mind beforehand because it was a bizarre form that didn't exist in four directions. It would have been easy for Arin, who was a mental magician, but it took a lot of time for Shirone, who had strength in endurance.
[Translated block]


"It's harder than I expected. Nothing should happen right now."

Meanwhile, Gunner finished preparing for sniping. The speed of chewing gum slowed down at regular intervals, and finally he began to slowly crush it with his teeth.

Slowly... The finger on the trigger bent slightly along with the sensation of the gum being pressed.

Click.

The moment the teeth touched, the trigger was pulled. A ping sound occurred as the bullet flew out at a speed like a swallow catching a bug.

"Just a little more, just a little more!"

Shirone tried her best to change the shape of her mind. At the same time, she couldn't help but be aware of the situation around her.

A light flashed over the heads of the anti-terrorist squad, and something passed by Shirone and went through the front door.

A sharp metal bullet pierced through the wall next to the vault and stuck to the board of the magic control device. Electricity was generated from the bullet, melting the wires, and the overheated device exploded with a loud noise.

"Now!"

Shirone entered the spirit zone with her eyes wide open. The hostages, including Aria, were captured in the spirit zone, which had no fixed shape like an amoeba.

"What is this! What happened!"

The Black Revolution members were confused by the sudden attack. But they were also trained people who could calm themselves down in a short time.

"How dare these bastards trick us!"

The moment a mallet fell from above, Shirone opened her eyes. Her body turned into light, and at the same time all the hostages were affected by photonization magic.

'Mass teleport!'

Numerous flashes erupted simultaneously, then twisted like a writhing dragon and escaped outside of Gold Tower.

The place where Shirone arrived was 20 meters away from the front door. She wanted to get away as far as possible, but for her who didn't know the geography of this place, the space within sight was the limit.

Shirone checked the number of hostages and cut off Armand's rope using normal control. On the Gold Tower side, the suppression squad was arresting the terrorists.

Werewolves, underground people, goblins, etc., their races were revealed and varied.

The giant of the mallet was a Gader tribe called a forest keeper. He had a distinctive shovel jaw and was screaming in a low-pitched sound that would come out of brass instruments while his arm was broken by knights.

'One is missing?'

There were only seven terrorists caught. Looking at their physique roughly, he couldn't see anyone who was called a leader.

"Kraaak!"

Shirone looked up at the sound from the sky. Flue was floating in midair with a posture of hitting something with a magic wand.

There was a thud sound and an invisible object fell to the ground. A moment later, the leader showed himself shaking his waist that had been hit while sticking his limbs to the ground.

Flue landed lightly on the ground like a feather and said.

"Where are you running away?"

"Kuk! Annoying magician!"

The leader tore off his robe and clutched his chest.

A man's face with purple skin was revealed. He was bald and his ears were sharp like knives, and sharp fangs protruded between his clenched teeth.

"Now that it's come to this, I'll kill you at least."

"So you were a vampire."

The ability to make one's body transparent for a moment was unique to vampires. But he didn't seem to be pure-blooded because he didn't suffer from sunlight.

'Well, if he was pure-blooded, everyone here would have trouble even if they attacked him.'

Flue took his eyes off the vampire and said to the suppression squad.

"I'll take care of him, so please block his escape route. Vampires are good at escaping."

The suppression squad immediately blocked the entrance of Gold Tower. They knew that if they moved clumsily, vampires would slip away like rats.

Flue twirled his magic wand habitually and then held it in front of him with one end.

"Come on, you bastard."

"You cheeky girl!"

Ten nails popped out like blades from the vampire's fingers. His body turned into a blurry afterimage and moved across space like a torrent.

Vampires are fast. It was not muscle power but a unique incarnation skill called half-god half-spirit.
[Translated block]


Flu looked around with half-closed eyelids.

Bang! As she twisted her body and pointed her magic wand, the vampire's claws blocked it in the middle.

"Grrr! This is...!"

"You look too ridiculous. A hybrid like you can't be faster than the spirit zone's empathy."

"Shut up! Shut up!"

The vampire swung his claws at a speed of tens of
[Translated block]


Shirone turned his gaze away with his head bowed.

Strictly speaking, he was not even an intern. But when he met the eyes of Flue, who had a scary expression on his face, he remembered what to say.

"Yes, I'm sorry. This won't happen again."

Aria didn't care whether Shirone was a regular employee or an intern. She just wanted to know more about him after talking for a long time.

"No, I just wanted to thank you..."

Flue cut off her words with a firm hand gesture.

"You just did your duty. Personal favors are strictly prohibited within the association. I hope you understand that and I'll be going now. Come on, you little one!"

"Ow! It hurts!"

Shirone was dragged out of the Gold Tower by Flue's hand.

Aria's eyes were filled with regret as she watched the two people go away.
[Translated block]