


[698] Reunion Site (7)

Eliza shivered in a situation that didn't go as planned.

"You, how dare you......"

She couldn't even figure out what kind of emotion it was.

Because the world doesn't teach you how much to rage in front of the death of a child you don't even know the face of.

Just the injustice of having to live as a sinner for 20 years was enough reason to kill Shirone.

"I'm sorry. I'll do anything I can to compensate."

When the word 'compensation' came out of the mouth of a person who has a one-third chance of becoming a star, Orkamp's eyebrows twitched.

But Eliza had already lost her reason.

"Die. The only way you can compensate is that."

"I can't do that. It's true that the prince died instead of me, but it wasn't my will."

"Walker! What are you doing! He's a prince killer! Kill him!"

Orkamp stepped forward when Walker didn't move.

"How about something like this? There's something scarier than death. It's being locked up in an underground prison."

It was a place where bizarre tortures were carried out, mainly for political prisoners.

"If you refuse even this, I have no choice but to use violent means."

Shirone, who confirmed Orkamp's gaze, nodded his head.

"I understand."

When Shirone's party followed Walker towards the door, Eliza poured out curses.

"I'm going to torture you horribly! I'll never forgive you!"

Walker, who closed the door as if to block out the queen's voice, walked down the hallway with a gloomy look for a while.

'Has Kazra become so powerless?'

No, Shirone has become stronger.

"Isn't it too cruel?"

"What?"

At Shirone's cold retort, Walker realized that he couldn't ask for anything.

"You're an excellent politician, but you're still a human being. Maybe... it might be a little late."

It was a timid revenge, but Shirone didn't change a single expression.

"I don't care."

As they went down to the third floor underground, the stench blew before the door was opened.

There were cells along the dark prison road, and groans could be heard from inside.

"You don't need torture if you stay for a year. Because you go crazy. All you have is a broken body."

When Walker, who chose a relatively clean wooden prison, opened the door, Shirone, Lian, and Kido went in one after another.

"Then... I hope you can come out again."

Only after Walker left did Kido open his mouth.

"Shirone, what are you thinking?"

"I'm sorry. It won't take long."

"I know. To jump to Kashan, the king of Kazra must approve. But Orkamp would have made a deal. There was no need to suffer in an underground prison."

"It's not just to go to Kashan. As I told Lian, if it's not now, I can't shake it off."

Then a wheezing laughter came from the prison across the street.

"Hehehe, you finally came. I knew it would."

In the terrible skeleton that could hardly be called a human, Shirone found a familiar feeling.

"Zion?"

Terra's son and Woorin's brother, Zion, was locked up in an underground prison.

"Were you here?"

"Yeah, I was here. Because my little sister, no, that monster locked me up here. You were also sent by Woorin?"

Although he knew the essence of Woorin through the Heaven Project, through Gauld, and through the maze in the moratorium state, the only memory of actually meeting him was the innocent look at the time of the paternity confirmation commotion.

"Did you really lock your real brother here?"

"Puhahaha! Real brother? Nonsense! It's all bullshit! To that witch, humans are just livestock! If necessary, use it, if not necessary, throw it away mercilessly! You'd better expect it. You've been abandoned by the witch, so you'll live a miserable life like me. Ehehe! Ehehehehe!"

When Walker left, Kido opened his mouth.

"Shirone, what are you thinking?"

"I'm sorry. It won't take long."

"I know. To jump to Kashan, the king of Kazra must approve. But Orkamp would have made a deal. There was no need to suffer in an underground prison."

"It's not just to go to Kashan. As I told Lian, if it's not now, I can't shake it off."

Then a wheezing laughter came from the prison across the street.

"Hehehe, you finally came. I knew it would."

In the terrible skeleton that could hardly be called a human, Shirone found a familiar feeling.

"Zion?"

Terra's son and Woorin's brother, Zion, was locked up in an underground prison.

"Were you here?"

"Yeah, I was here. Because my little sister, no, that monster locked me up here. You were also sent by Woorin?"

Although he knew the essence of Woorin through the Heaven Project, through Gauld, and through the maze in the moratorium state, the only memory of actually meeting him was the innocent look at the time of the paternity confirmation commotion.

"Did you really lock your real brother here?"

"Puhahaha! Real brother? Nonsense! It's all bullshit! To that witch, humans are just livestock! If necessary, use it, if not necessary, throw it away mercilessly! You'd better expect it. You've been abandoned by the witch, so you'll live a miserable life like me. Ehehe! Ehehehehe!"
[Translated block]


Looking at Zion's inverted pupils, it was clear that he was already insane.

"I'll watch you suffer! Right next to you!"

"Who's making all that noise!"

As a voice was heard from the deep darkness of the prison, Zion hastily retreated and squatted down.

"Ugh..."

It was clear from the reaction alone that it was the voice of the person who drove Zion mad.

The man was covered in plump feathers, and the position of his pupils was much farther than the normal focus.

There was a skull exposed where the hair had fallen out, and even a hole the size of a coin was visible with a grayish color.

"His brain is literally contaminated."

Kido spoke nonchalantly, but Zion trembled in fear, drooling reflexively.

"Kekeke, our cutie has times when he looks for me? I'll shut your noisy throat."

He unbuckled his belt and entered the prison, grabbed Zion's hair, and dragged him into the dark shadows.

"No! I don't want to! No!"

The desperate scream suddenly stopped, and after a while, the torturer came out of the prison again.

"Hehehe, for a while... Huh?"

He noticed that a newcomer had entered the prison across the way and approached, flicking his tongue.

"Ho? What are these?"

He was thrilled to meet Shiro's hateful gaze.

"Hehe, this place, once you enter, you can never leave."

The torturer who unlocked the lock opened the door and entered.

"Depending on how much you can please me, the intensity of the torture changes that day. So..."

He pulled out an iron clamp from his pants and reached out to Shiro.

"Let's pull out a tooth."

As soon as his hand touched Shiro's shoulder, Lian jumped out and punched the torturer in the face.

The chunk that flew out with the sound of breaking bones crashed into Zion's prison frame.

Without even looking at the torturer, Shiro said.

"Thank you, Lian."

"It's my job."

Lian added as he returned to his seat.

"I will protect you."

In front of Shiro, who never used his hands to the end, and Lian, who stubbornly protected Shiro to the end, Kido's eyes narrowed.

'Both are shattered.'

When it was time for night, Lian's snoring echoed in the underground prison.

"He really doesn't care."

Kido stuck out his tongue at the sight of him sleeping sprawled out in a place where even goblins wouldn't want to stay long.

"Shiro, how about reconciling?"

Shiro smiled.

"We've never fought. I don't think Lian would think so either."

"But a clash of opinions is not good. It's not a burden, but Lian also has a line he can't concede."

"I know. That's why I do what I want."

"Huh?"

"If Lian is a person who concedes to me, I won't be able to judge calmly. Because I'll care."

"Hmm, is that so?"

"Even if Lian wasn't there, I would have done the same thing as before. But..."

Shiro stuck out his tongue.

"Because Lian is there, I can be safe."

Shiro and Lian were not in a relationship of using each other.

"I thought humans lived hard."

Kido raised his arm to the wide-open prison frame.

"It's fun in its own way, being complicated."

Lian, who was scratching his belly and turning over, opened his eyes wide.

"What? Is it already here?"

Shiro had already felt it.

The sound of the door opening was heard, and the walker came with a torch.

He didn't even look at the fallen torturer, and he didn't care that the door was wide open.

"Come out. His Majesty calls you."

"It's here. Let's go."

Lian, who had equipped his great sword, stood up.

"Pretending to wait while sleeping all this time..."

After waiting for about 10 minutes in the panic room, Orkamp sat down with a box in front of Shiro.
[Translated block]


"Did you get by?"

"Thanks to your concern. It was faster than I expected."

Anyway, wasn't he the enemy of his child?

"If you have to yield anyway, yield for sure, that's my principle. And I can't give you what you want."

"What do I want?"

"You probably want to go to Kashan."

There was no reason to go to Kazra except for calculation.

"But jumping is impossible. It seems to be under the nominal control of Kashan, but it seems to be stuck with hateful hair."

"I see."

He thought it was not impossible.

"Instead, I'll give you this."

Orkamp held out a box.

"It's something that Worin, or Teraje, left before leaving Kazra. He said to give it to you."

Shirone looked at the box only with his eyes.

'Mitochondrial Eve. What intention is included?'

Shirone, who received the box, raised her head and asked.

"What about the queen?"

"It's not good. But eventually, she will forget. Because it's not a memory that makes her happy. She's that kind of woman."

Orkamp honestly confessed.

"In fact, I don't know well, whether there was really a son. But wouldn't the heart of a woman who had a baby in her belly be a little different? You will understand."

Orkamp, who finished his errand, got up from his chair.

"Leave Kazra as you please. And if you meet Teraje...."

"I will try to request to lift the sanctions."

Orkamp, who nodded his head, left the panic room, and Kido and Lian leaned towards the box.

"What is it? What did you leave? Is it an object?"

Arman was also what Worin gave.

"Well? Incurring more debt...."

When he finally opened the lid, there was a small iron box inside, and a familiar pattern was engraved on the surface.

"Henaya."

In the language of angels, it could contain a unique rhythm.

"Can it be opened with an immortal function?"

Lian recalled that Shirone had unlocked the seal of Tes's drone when she went to heaven.

"Yeah. But it feels a bit sloppy."

When the immortal function was opened, Henaya worked with a red light.

"Surely...."

There was a security circuit in Henaya's law.

"It's a one-to-one correspondence method. It's absolutely impossible."

If someone wrote the number 7653, no one else could understand the meaning except the party.

"But if it's an Ultima system, it's possible."

Shirone, who was about to enter the code, suddenly raised her head.

"Huh, Ultima?"

"Why? It's clear that I left it to you."

"Worin said he gave it before leaving Kazra. At that time, I didn't realize my directness."

"Hmm, come to think of it...."

"So this is what I left to the great purification machine. In other words, it's an event that didn't exist in the second reset."

"It's a bit creepy. Can I trust it? I hear it's a witch in prison."

"Let's open the seal for now."

When Shirone entered the code, the iron armor of Henaya was finally peeled off and the contents came out.

It was a familiar mechanical device.

"Meta Gate. Why this?"

Lian said.

"Isn't it about La Enemy? To find it in heaven?"

"No, it might not be new. It may have remembered a specific coordinate."

Kido slapped his palm.

"Kashan!"

"It could be, but...."

The witch, the monster, said.

"It might be a terrible place."

While the three of them were looking at the Meta Gate like a monster for a moment, Lian made a decision.

"Let's go. We have to go, right?"

When the device was activated in a wide place, the box opened and a huge black sphere distorted space-time.

"Heaven or hell. Hell or heaven."

Listening to Kido's ominous spell, Shirone pushed her body into the dark space.

The view darkened, and soon the gloomy torch of the panic room, not the daylight, squeezed the retina.
[Translated block]
"Here?" 

With half-closed eyes, he saw the endless marble floor and dozens of windows letting in sunlight.

And under the window, a beautiful white-haired girl was standing with her back to him.

"I don't know, Ki. Whether it's heaven or hell."

That was Shiro's honest impression upon arrival.

"Huh? Who's there?"

The girl, sensing someone, turned around and found Shiro. She opened her eyes wide and smiled.

"Oh my?"

It was the Empress of Kashan, Teraje Uorin.

(End of Volume 28) 

This is the English translation of the Korean text you provided. Is there anything else you would like to know or discuss?
[Translated block]