


[749] Age of Turbulence (5)

* * *

The Holy War.

The Three Emperors, the Seven Kings, and the Two Kings have formed a super-national organization that operates the Valkyrie, a subordinate of the Great Opposition Kingdom.

It was established by Teraje and is the strongest army of mankind, created with the cooperation of 24 countries, including the Holy War.

Now that the activities of heaven are quiet except for the immortal community, the countries of the world were of the opinion that the Valkyrie should be the vanguard against the 72 legions of demons.

"Kashan's position!"

Woorin walked proudly to the music of the Kashan national anthem played by the Republic of Kotoria's military band.

The guards, divided into near and middle, spread out over a wide radius and crossed their eyes like a net.

Behind Woorin, the strongest swordsmanship group, Pungjang, moved their steps with the same stride without a 1 cm error.

'I thought it was time to get used to it...'

Gando performed the role of Woorin's aide.

'I'm not used to it at all.'

The Holy War changes its time and place every time, but it was incomparable to any other meeting in terms of scale, as it was a place where the leaders of the world showed their national power.

"Welcome the national guest!"

Following the golden bridge, the chairman's troops of the Republic of Kotoria greeted the Empress with a heavy scale spear.

'They must have prepared for this.'

The Seven Kings Republic of Kotoria is a peninsula country that sticks out long in the shape of a dolphin on the south side of the Gustav Empire.

Although it should have been eaten by the empire because it has no contact points with other countries except for the north of Gustav, Kotoria eventually defended its territory with the proud name of the Seven Kings.

'The biggest reason is...'

Because they own an ancient weapon, Exmachina.

It is presumed to be a kind of map weapon, and Woorin said that it might not be a weapon based on power, but a legal weapon.

"Gando."

Woorin called quietly.

"Is there still no contact from Shiro?"

Woorin sent a letter to Shiro, who has been traveling the world since becoming a great saint, but no reply has come yet.

"That's right."

Gando thought for a moment and added.

"Shall we send someone again?"

If you refuse a polite letter bluntly, you will have to use coercive measures as an empire.

"No, it's okay. She must be busy."

There was a lot of disappointment in Woorin's voice, and that fact surprised Gando.

'She seems to be shaken today.'

Woorin called again.

"Gando."

"Yes, Your Majesty. Please command."

"Sit next to me today."

"Huh?"

He had accompanied her to the Holy War several times, but it was the first time she had given up her seat.

"The emperor of Gustav has changed."

Gustav Habits 17th.

According to the memory of Mistrara, not Woorin, he was a person as interesting as himself.

'I must be quite old now as a human. I wonder what kind of person he has grown into.'

"Are you qualified for me? If you're worried, should I give a separate order to Pungjang?"

Although he took care of all the convenience of the empress, if it was a combat power, Gando was a middleman among the guards.

"It's okay. Just be by my side."

"......Yes."

If Woorin's reluctance was not power, Gando was a worthy successor.

After the entrance of the Three Emperors, the representatives of the dragon tribe and the fairy tribe showed their faces only after all the human troops had entered.

Unlike the human rulers who reached the peak of ostentation, there were only two.
[Translated block]


The Dragon Tribe takes pride in being the strongest in any situation, and the Fairy Tribe dislikes pretense.

"It's been a while, Apostle of Time."

Enoch, the representative of the Fairy Tribe, greeted the dragon, who was as big as a house, approaching him.

Blitz, the top-ranked dragon.

With a snout as sharp as a sword, a sleek body, and blue scales, he was dazzling as if electricity was flowing even when he was still.

"Thunder Dragon, I didn't expect you to come."

He was the top of the 12 Apostles in terms of combat power, but he didn't like to get involved in politics.

"I don't want to, but I have no choice. I'm not interested in the Holy War, but there's an important issue today."

"An important issue for the Dragon Tribe... Hmm."

Enoch, who had been lost in thought with his chin propped up, looked back at Blitz with a smirk.

"Is the sun going to explode?"

"That's not funny at all."

Enoch, who had immediately turned cold, bit his lip.

"Yes, yes, would a noble person like you laugh at a lowly fairy's joke? It must be nice to be noble."

"......"

Blitz, who had been silent for a long time, turned his neck roughly in front of the city gate.

"Why doesn't that damn bipolar disorder get better even after 4,000 years?"

"Why bother? Would you mix words with someone like me?"

Fairies are pure, so they have severe mood swings, and if humans are angry creatures, then they have depression.

'I hate them more than humans in some ways.'

There were humans who fell in love with fairies and married them, but most of them didn't end well because of this personality.

"Thank you for coming. Please come in."

The ambassador, who had been waiting at the city gate, bowed his head and Enoch's face broke into a smile again.

"Hello. Is His Majesty well?"

Even when he saw Wooorin from a distance, Enoch's appearance was a different kind of beauty from humans.

"Ah, yes. He is very healthy."

When Blitz raised his head high, the soldier on the city wall was startled and sat down.

"Heek!"

"The city gate is low."

Would the dragon have to bow his head to enter?

"I'm sorry. It's just that it's built to fit the height of a human......"

It wasn't Blitz's first time participating in the Holy War, but he couldn't say it out loud.

"Hmm......"

Blitz, who had been looking down at the ambassador with dissatisfaction, began to hear the sound of bones twisting from his body.

As Enoch frowned, his body gradually compressed and transformed into a human figure.

It was a reconfiguration of form that only the top-ranked dragon could do.

"Is this okay?"

The blue scales that were as sharp as a knife replaced the hair, and the eyes of the thunderbolt sparkled under the protruding eye bones.

"Ah, of course. Thank you."

As the military band played, the trumpeter shouted.

"The King of the Military! Enter!"

The Holy War opened.

* * *

Around the pyramid of Zulu, which stands alone in the land of death, 3,000 demon armies surrounded it.

"Go in! Kill everything you see!"

Every time the division commander, Gashias, swung his weapon like a saw blade, the monsters that came out of the dungeon were broken to the bone.

"Poor things."

Zulu, who had no heart, just spat out empty words and raised his hand at the top of the pyramid.

"Erga."

The endless abyss of darkness.

A black bird flew up to the sky and collapsed with a thud.

Just as Zulu had done a long time ago.

Kieieieie!

The black lump that was crumpled like a roll of paper spread out into a huge body and a death god of 10 meters in height spread the thunderbolt.

"Charge! There is no retreat!"

The curtain of lightning rippled like waves, but the demons attacked the pyramid without caring about their flesh being torn.

"Let's try it, Erga."

As the lightning disappeared and the Lich raised both hands to the sky, smoke that looked like a ghost swirled around.

"Cry of the Dead."

Death magic that only those with life cannot use, only Zulu can implement this terrible disaster.

"Go in! There is no retreat!"

The curtain of lightning rippled like waves, but the demons attacked the pyramid without caring about their flesh being torn.

"Let's try it, Erga."

As the lightning disappeared and the Lich raised both hands to the sky, smoke that looked like a ghost swirled around.

"Cry of the Dead."

Death magic that only those with life cannot use, only Zulu can implement this terrible disaster.
[Translated block]


“Huff! Huff!”

Kang Nan roamed the labyrinth of the pyramid, wielding two machetes in his hands.

‘How many are there?’

He had occasionally encountered demons in the desert, but this was his first time facing an army of this scale.

“Die! Suffer, human!”

As the soldiers, with blue veins protruding like corpses, charged with their spears, Kang Nan threw himself into the blades.

“Yahap!”

Swinging his machetes wildly with a grotesque shoulder swing, the enemies' necks fell off.

“Rabe! Nabera um!”

In the gap opened by the fallen demons, the division commander Gashias swung his saw-blade greatsword.

“Kuk!”

He crossed his machetes in an X to block, but lost his grip as the saw-blade pulled.

“I know how to make women suffer!”

Gashias pushed in from the shoulder.

“But I only kill!”

“What did you say......!”

Kang Nan, who lost his weapon, twisted his upper body in the unique stance of Ram Muai.

“Shut up!”

A powerful high kick hit the iron armor, and the heavy body rolled as if it had wheels underneath, crashing into the wall.

“Division Commander!”

Unable to believe the impact of a human, let alone a woman, Gashias shook his head.

“You can't pass here!”

Every time Kang Nan swung his shin like a whip, the demons' knees broke and their heads exploded.

“……Is that so?”

To the demons, cruelty was as natural as humans willingly chewing pigs to fill their stomachs.

“All troops, advance!”

All the demons split left and right in front of Kang Nan and started running deep into the labyrinth.

“No! That place is……!”

At the moment when Kang Nan, who had a terrible imagination, shouted with a pale face, Gashias swung his greatsword.

“Woooooooo!”

When the saw-blade was stuck in his stomach, sparks flew in Kang Nan's eyes.

“Kuaaang!”

Kang Nan, who pulled his abdomen with a wolf's cry, bit the blade with his elbows and knees.

Ram Muai Strike - Arang's.

Gashias, who was staring at the phantom of the wolf, swung his sword in that state and broke the wall.

Kurururung!

“Kueuuuuu!”

While Kang Nan, who rolled on the floor, was holding his abdomen in a prone position, the saw-blade greatsword broke with a clang.

‘Breaking a sword made of hell iron.’

As a warrior, he acknowledged her, but the demons could be as cowardly as they wanted to achieve Satan's goal.

“I'm sorry, but this is it.”

Kang Nan stood up with a start.

“Gaold!”

No matter how complicated the labyrinth was, if there were so many troops, someone would eventually reach the lowest floor.

“Division Commander! It's open!”

When Kang Nan went down the stairs at the voice coming from the floor below, the door of Gaold's room was wide open.

“No way!”

The moment Kang Nan, who shouted at the end of the corridor, kicked the ground and flew his body.

Kuuuuuuung!

The pyramid shook unbelievably up and down.

“…….”

The surroundings were quiet, and only the sound of the demons running from the upper floor along the wall was heard.

“Uh…….”

Kang Nan cautiously entered Gaold's room.

All the demons were crushed into a bloody mess, and in the corner, there was a lump of meat that was presumed to be Division Commander Gashias.

Finally, in the fixed gaze, Gaold, who was so skinny that only bones were left, was sitting.

“Uh…….”

He wanted to say something, but when he saw Gaold's face distorted by pain, fear came first.

“Mutt.”

When Gaold raised his hand, the nerves on the back of his hand wriggled and his fingers trembled like crazy.

“Maybe…….”

He spoke with a dull voice and slowly folded his fingers, leaving only his index and middle fingers.

“Do you have any cigarettes left?”

“Heuuuuu!”

Before the hot tears could blind him, Kang Nan rushed to Gaold with a crying face.

(End of Volume 30)
[Translated block]